A system and method for odorizing natural gas in a pipeline uses an odorant injection pump operated by a programmable controller. In response to measured gas flow in the gas pipeline, and a preset setpoint, the injection pump injects liquid odorant directly into the pipeline. A flowmeter in the odorant line measures the amount of odorant actually injected to confirm that the required amount enters the pipeline. If the amount of odorant actually injected differs from that which is required by the setpoint, the controller compensates for the difference. The controller preferably logs pertinent data about operation of the system. The controller can be reprogrammed remotely to simplify the task of changing system operation.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A system for odorizing natural gas flowing through a main line, comprising: a first meter on the main gas line which monitors gas flow through the main gas line; an odorant tank containing liquid odorant; an injection pump connected to the odorant tank, wherein odorant is pumped by the pump from the tank to the main gas line; a second meter for measuring flow of liquid odorant into the main gas line; and a controller connected to the first and second meters and the injection pump, wherein the controller controls operation of the injection pump, and wherein the controller compares the amount of odorant measured by the second meter to a calculated amount, and compensates for differences between them. 2. The system of claim 1, further comprising: a temperature sensor in the odorant tank, wherein the temperature sensor is connected to the controller and provides a signal thereto proportional to the temperature of liquid odorant in the tank; wherein the controller compensates for changes in odorant temperature by modifying its control of the injection pump. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein the controller adds additional odorant to the main gas line when the temperature of the odorant is higher than a normalized value, and injects less odorant into the main gas line when the temperature is lower than the normalized value. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the controller includes an input/output connection, wherein data accepted over the input/output connection can reprogram settings in the controller, and wherein data generated by the controller can be output over the input/output connection. 5. The system of claim 4, wherein the input/output connection is a serial data connection. 6. The system of claim 4, wherein the input/output connection is connected to a modem. 7. The system of claim 4, wherein the input/output connection is connected to a touchpad and an associated display. 8. The system of claim 4, wherein the data generated by the controller includes operating reports. 9. The system of claim 4, wherein the data generated by the controller includes diagnostic information. 10. The system of claim 1, further comprising: a level sensor in the odorant tank and connected to the controller, wherein the level sensor provides to the controller a signal proportional to the liquid odorant level in the odorant tank. 11. The system of claim 1, further comprising: a power supply connected to the controller and providing power thereto. 12. The system of claim 11, further comprising: a backup battery connected to the power supply for supplying power to the controller in case of power supply failure. 13. The system of claim 12, further comprising: a solar device connected to the battery for providing power thereto. 14. method for odorizing natural gas in a pipeline, comprising the steps of: providing liquid odorant in a tank; measuring gas flow through the pipeline; for each preselected quantity of gas flowing through the pipeline, operating a pump to inject liquid odorant into the pipeline; each time odorant is injected into the pipeline, measuring the amount of odorant injected; and if the injected volume differs from a calculated volume, compensating for the difference. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein the step of measuring the amount of odorant injected comprises measuring the volume of odorant injected. 16. The method of claim 15, further comprising the steps of: sensing the temperature of the liquid odorant in the tank; and in response to changes in the liquid odorant temperature, modifying operation of the pump to compensate for such changes. 17. The method of claim 14, wherein the step of measuring the mass of odorant injected comprises measuring the volume of odorant injected. 18. The method of claim 14, wherein gas flowing through the pipeline is measured with a flowmeter, and further comprising the steps of: monitoring operation of the flowmeter; if the flowmeter ceases operating to accurately measure the flow of gas through the pipeline, opening the valve at regular intervals regardless of the measured gas flow through the pipeline. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein the regular intervals are prestored time intervals. 20. The method of claim 18, wherein the regular intervals are selected to be approximately equal to time intervals in which the valve was opened while the flowmeter was working. 21. The method of claim 14, further comprising the step of: communicating with a remote computer over a data link, wherein the remote computer is provided with data indicative of operation of the pump. 22. The method of claim 18, further comprising the step of: accepting data from the remote computer to change the preselected quantity of gas and the calculated odorant volume. 23. The method of claim 18, further comprising the step of: exchanging diagnostic information with the remote computer over the data link. 