An illuminated back-lighted display unit that is capable of displaying a variety of different types of artwork, messages, logos, or pictures in various applications within a home, commercial building, vehicle, or anywhere a miniature back-lighted display is desired. The display unit has a main housing which contains a light source that may include a diffuser and a cover lens or glass that includes one or more layers of the artwork to be displayed. The cover glass is trimmed with a trim bezel, and when assembled, the unit is provided with some means of mounting the assembly to the window or other structure through which it will be viewed.
Claims 1. An illuminated back-lighted display unit for displaying artwork, said unit comprising: a main housing having a front and rear; a light source combined with the main housing; a power source connector combined with the light source to supply power to the light source; a translucent panel positioned in the housing in front of the light source so that the light from the source illuminates the artwork to be displayed; a retainer for retaining the translucent panel in the housing in front of the light source; and a mounting for attaching the unit to a desired location. 2. The illuminated back-lighted display unit of claim 1 in which the light source is a solid, thin, translucent panel illuminator. 3. The illuminated back-lighted display unit of claim 1 in which the light source is a fiber optic bundle. 4. The illuminated back-lighted display unit of claim 1 in which the light source is an incandescent lamp. 5. The illuminated back-lighted display unit of claim 1 in which the light source is a plurality of light emitting diodes. 6. The illuminated back-lighted display unit of claim 1 in which the power source is supplied from a solar collector. 7. The illuminated back-lighted display unit of claim 1 in which the retainer and the translucent panel is removable from the main housing. 8. The illuminated back-lighted display unit of claim 1 in which the mounting is attached to the front of the main housing and includes one or more suction cups sides to provide for attaching the unit to a transparent structure. 9. The illuminated back-lighted display unit of claim 1 in which the mounting is attached to the front of the main housing and includes a gasket having front and rear sides and adhesive on both front and rear sides to provide for attaching the unit to a transparent structure. 10. The illuminated back-lighted display unit of claim 1 in which the main housing is combined with a keypad. 11. The illuminated back-lighted display unit of claim 1 in which the main housing is combined with a magnetic card reader. 