A heating apparatus includes a burner assembly for igniting fuel from a fuel source, an upper housing for the burner assembly, and an elongate support member extending upwardly to the burner assembly housing to space the housing from ground level. A shroud is spaced from the burner assembly by the elongate support member, is configured for slidably engaging the elongate support member and is dimensioned for surrounding the fuel source. An emitter surface of the housing is inclined relative to a longitudinal axis of the burner assembly for maximum efficiency in warming of a preselected area by the heat emitted from the housing. At least three legs support the elongate support member above a base and define a space for accommodating a gas cylinder serving as the fuel source. A dome is mountable above the burner assembly and a single carton is provided for enclosing the disassembled assembly.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A heating apparatus, comprising: a burner assembly for igniting fuel from a fuel source; an upper housing for the burner assembly with the housing having a central longitudinal axis extending therethrough; an elongate support member extending upwardly along the longitudinal axis to the burner assembly housing to space the housing from ground level; and a shroud spaced from said burner assembly by said elongate support member, configured for slidably engaging said elongate support member and dimensioned for surrounding the fuel source. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 further including a base and at least three legs configured for suspending said elongate support member from said base and for defining a space for the fuel source. 3. The apparatus of claim 2 wherein said shroud is configured for circumscribing said legs and for resting upon said base. 4. The apparatus of claim 1 further including a dome mountable above said burner assembly and a single carton for enclosing in disassembled form said shroud, said base, said elongate support member, said burner assembly and said dome. 5. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein said heater further includes a base and at least three legs configured for suspending said elongate support member from said base and for defining a space for the fuel source, and said carton also encloses said legs and said base. 6. The apparatus of claim 1 further including at least one solar powered light. 7. A heating apparatus, comprising: a burner assembly for igniting fuel from a fuel source and having an upper housing; an elongate support member extending upwardly along a longitudinal axis to said burner assembly housing to space said housing from ground level; an emitter surface of said housing including apertures for directing heat generated by the ignited fuel out away from said housing, said emitter surface being inclined relative to the longitudinal axis for maximum efficiency in warming of a preselected area by the heat emitted from said housing; a base configured for supporting said apparatus on a substrate; at least three legs supporting said elongate support member above said base, said legs defining a space for accommodating a gas cylinder serving as the fuel source. 8. The apparatus of claim 7 further including a shroud being dimensioned to circumscribe said three legs and to be slidable relative to said elongate support member for access to the space. 9. The apparatus of claim 8 wherein the fuel cylinder has a control valve, and further including an access opening located near an upper end of said shroud which is disposed on said shroud to permit access to the valve when said shroud rests upon said base, and also to serve as a lifting point for raising said shroud. 10. The apparatus of claim 9 wherein said access opening is oval-shaped. 11. The apparatus of claim 7 further including a platform which is secured to an upper end of at least one of said legs for supporting said elongate support member. 12. The apparatus of claim 11 further including a mounting sleeve disposed on said platform and configured for engaging a lower end of said elongate support member. 13. The apparatus of claim 7 further including a fuel line configured for connecting said burner to the fuel source, said fuel line including at least one segment and at least one quick connector configured for connecting said segments of said fuel line. 14. The apparatus of claim 11 further including a dome mountable above said burner assembly and a single carton for enclosing in disassembled form said shroud, said base, said elongate support member, said burner assembly, said legs, said base and said dome. 15. The apparatus of claim 7 further including at least one solar powered lamp. 16. A heating apparatus provided in disassembled format, comprising: a burner assembly for igniting fuel from a fuel source; an upper housing for the burner assembly; an elongate support member for spacing the housing from ground level; a base and at least three legs configured for suspending said elongate support member from said base and for defining a space for the fuel source; a shroud for enclosing a space defined by said at least three legs; a dome mountable above said burner assembly; and a single container configured for enclosing said burner assembly, said upper housing, said elongate support member, said base, said at least three legs, said shroud and said dome. 17. The apparatus of claim 16 further including a regulator in communication with one of said fuel line segments and including a segment of flexible tubing, said regulator also disposed in said container. 18. The apparatus of claim 16 wherein said legs, said shroud and said elongate member are disposed in said carton in generally parallel arrangement, and said base, said dome and said upper housing are disposed in nested arrangement against a side panel of said carton. 