A system for injecting chemicals, e.g., odorants, from a chemical supply into a conduit or container includes three primary components, a pump for injecting the odorant, a metering device, and a programmable controller. The controller is preferably powered by a solar panel to facilitate use of the system in remote areas for long periods of time. A removable data carrier, such as a memory module, is connected to the controller to collect odorant system event data. The data carrier is removable from the controller and the data therein may be downloaded into an auxiliary audit computer for generation of summary audit reports. The system precisely monitors how much odorant is used per pump stroke and insures that the odorant injection rate remains constant irrespective of environmental or equipment variations which might otherwise cause inaccuracies in the measurement of odorant usage data and/or the fluctuation of the odorant injection rate.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A system for injecting a chemical from a chemical supply into a fluid containing system at a desired injection rate, comprising: a pump having an inlet, and an outlet connectable to the fluid containing system, the pump having an adjustable stroke rate; a meter supporting a predetermined volume of the chemical and having an inlet connected to receive the chemical from the chemical supply and an outlet for delivering the chemical to the inlet of the pump; a level transducer for continuously monitoring a level of the chemical in the meter and generating a chemical level signal proportional thereto; and a controller operative under the control of a program stored therein and responsive to the chemical level signal for generating a control signal for selectively altering the stroke rate of the pump to maintain the injection rate substantially constant over a predetermined time period. 2. The chemical injection system as described in claim 1 further including; a flow rate transducer located in the fluid containing system for generating a flow rate signal proportional to the flow rate of the fluid in the fluid containing system; and wherein the controller is also responsive to the flow rate signal to generate the control signal. 3. The chemical injection system as described in claim 1 further including; a temperature transducer located in the meter for generating a temperature signal proportional to the temperature of the chemical in the meter; and wherein the controller is also responsive to the temperature signal to generate the control signal. 4. The chemical injection system as described in claim 1 further including; a flow rate transducer located in the fluid containing system for generating a flow rate signal proportional to the flow rate of the fluid in the fluid containing system; a temperature transducer located in the meter for generating a temperature signal proportional to the temperature of the chemical in the meter; and wherein the controller is also responsive to the flow rate signal and the temperature signal to generate the control signal. 5. The chemical injection system as described in claim 1 further including an audit system for collecting chemical usage data. 6. The chemical injection system as described in claim 5 wherein the audit system includes a memory module for storing chemical injection event data, and an audit controller. 7. The chemical injection system as described in claim 1 further including means for supplying electrical energy to power the controller. 8. The chemical injection system as described in claim 4 wherein the means for supplying electrical energy is a solar panel. 9. The chemical injection system as described in claim 1 further including an expansion tank connected to the meter. 10. An system for monitoring the injection of a chemical from a chemical supply into a fluid containing system by a pump responsive to a controller, the apparatus comprising: a memory module connectable to the controller for collecting chemical usage data over a predetermined period of time; and an audit computer for receiving the chemical usage data collected by the memory module and including: program control means for processing the chemical usage data to generate audit information including at least one of the following data types for the predetermined period of time: chemical usage data for selected time periods, chemical injection rate data, and alarm date; and means for displaying at least some of the audit information in the first display format. 11. The sytem of claim 10 further including interface control means for selecting a data type while the audit information is displayed in the first display format and in response thereto displaying some other of the audit information in a second display format. 12. The system of claim 11 wherein the second diaplay format includes a listing of only chemical usage data. 13. The system of claim 11 wherein the second display format includes a listing of only event data. 14. The system of claim 11 wherein the second display includes a listing of alarm status data. 15. The system of claim 14 wherein the second display format further includes an indication of recently changed alarm data. 16. The system of claim 10 wherein the chemical usage data comprises load odorant usage (LOU) data. 17. The sytem of claim 16 wehrein the second display format includes diagnostic data indicating system operating conditions. 18. A method for monitoring the injection of a chemical by a pump system into a fluid containing system, the method comprising the steps of: collecting chemical usage data from the pumping system; processing the collected chemical usage data to generate audit information including at least one of the following data types: chemical usage for selected time periods, chemical injection rate data, and alarm data; and displaying at least some of the generated audit information in a first displaying format. 19. The method of claim 18 further including the steps of: selecting a data type while the audit information is displayed in the first display format; and displaying the selected data type in a second display format in response to the selection. 20. The method of claim 18 wherein the fluid containing system comprises a gas pipeline and the chemical comprises an ordorant. 