A water quality meter is composed of a plurality of analyzing units for analyzing water samples introduced from a water distribution pipe, each analyzing unit including a reagent mixing cell and a measuring cell, and a liquid introducing unit integrated with the analyzing units, which is composed of a single member in which a plurality of fluid flow paths for feeding various types of liquid including the water sample into the analyzing unit are formed. Furthermore, the cells and the plurality of three-dimensional fluid flow paths formed in the single member are fabricated by a micro-fabrication technique using photo-curing resin.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A water quality monitoring system for monitoring the quality of water distributed by a water distribution system including water purifying facilities to purify raw water taken in from rivers, lakes, and/or wells to a quality suitable for drinking water, water distribution facilities for distributing the water purified by said water purifying facilities, a water quality control center for monitoring and controlling said water purifying facilities and said water distribution facilities, and a water distribution piping network for feeding the purified water to end users, said water quality monitoring system comprising: water quality monitoring meters sized and configured for attachment to pipes so as to draw water out of pipes prior to its supply to end uses set at predetermined locations in said water distribution piping network, each of said water quality monitoring meters including a plurality of analyzing units each of, which includes a measurement flow path in which liquid flows, for introducing a water sample into said measurement flow path from said location on said pipe and analyzing said water sample; a liquid introducing unit comprising a single member in which a plurality of fluid flow paths for feeding a plurality of types of liquid including said water sample into said plurality of analyzing units is formed; and a transmission unit for transmitting to said control center; wherein results of measurements performed by each of said water quality meters are transmitted to said water quality control center via said transmission unit of said water quality meter. 2. A water quality monitoring system according to claim 1, wherein each of said water quality meters is set in a location of the group consisting of a manhole, a fire hydrant, a water meter box, and a utility in the house of an end user, all of which are provided in said water distribution network. 3. A water quality monitoring system according to claim 1, wherein the transmission between said control center and each of said water quality meters is performed with a radio transmission. 4. A water quality monitoring system according to claim 1, wherein the transmission between said control center and each of said water quality meters is performed by one of an exclusive line and a public line. 5. A water quality monitoring system according to claim 1, wherein each of said water quality meters includes a battery, and each of said water quality meters is powered by said battery. 6. A water quality monitoring system according to claim 1, wherein each of said water quality meters includes a solar battery and a storage battery connected to said solar battery via a diode, and each of said water quality meters is powered by energy fed from said solar battery and/or said storage battery. 