Articles constructed of a plurality of scuffed sheets have improved sheet-to-sheet bond strength and surfaces with high coefficients of friction. Articles constructed out of three scuffed sheets include exterior intumescent polymeric surfaces resisting the spread of combustion flames and insulating the interior surfaces from the high temperature of fire. Articles include electronic apparatus sending an emergency 911 call to a remote monitoring station. Articles are advantageously reinforced with optional rigidifying structures without article modification. Members are joined with snap together features providing an assembled article. Articles include handles for ergonomic manipulation by workers. Articles include elements amenably receiving unitization accessories. The article improvements are demonstrated in the form of industrial platforms, particularly material handling pallets.
Claims 1. A method for improving the bond strength between at least two heat deformed thermoplastic sheets forming a unitary structure, the method comprising: extruding a continuous web of thermoplastic having a top surface and a bottom surface; conveying the continuous web of thermoplastic through a downstream work station scuffing the top surface, wherein the top surface is characterized having increased surface area relative the bottom surface; shearing the continuous web of thermoplastic providing a plurality of sheets having scuffed top surfaces; thermoforming simultaneously at least a first sheet over a first mold and a second sheet over a second mold upon a machine frame; and compressing a heated first sheet against a heated second sheet between the first mold and the second mold upon the machine frame to bond the scuffed top surface of the first sheet to the smooth surface of the second sheet. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein three scuffed sheets are thermoformed simultaneously and compressed sequentially upon a machine frame to provide a unitary triple sheet structure. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein the continuous web of thermoplastic is conveyed through at least one down-stream workstation whereby the top and bottom smooth surfaces of said continuous web are scuffed increasing the surface areas thereof. 4. An article of the method of claim 3 characterized in that the article is a thermoformed plastic pallet. 5. An article made in accordance with the procedure comprising: (a) extruding a continuous web of thermoplastic having a top surface and a bottom surface; (b) conveying the continuous web of thermoplastic through a scuffing work station where after the top surface is characterized having increased surface area relative the bottom surface; (c) shearing the continuous web of thermoplastic providing a plurality of sheets having scuffed top surfaces; (d) heating a first sheet; (e) forming the first sheet with a first mold; (f) heating a second sheet; (g) forming the second sheet with a second mold; (h) aligning the first mold with the second mold so a scuffed top surface of the first sheet faces a bottom surface of the second sheet: (i) moving the first mold toward the second mold; (j) joining together sections of the scuffed top surface of the first sheet with sections of the bottom surface of the second sheet to form a twin sheet subassembly; (k) heating a third sheet; (l) forming the third sheet with a third mold; (m) aligning the third mold with the twin sheet subassembly; (n) moving the twin sheet subassembly toward the third mold; and, (o) joining together sections of a scuffed top surface of the twin sheet subassembly with sections of the bottom surface of the third sheet to form a triple sheet article. 6. An article made in accordance with claim 5 wherein the thermoplastic is composed of a polyolefin resin. 7. A pallet made in accordance with the method comprising: (a) extruding a continuous web of thermoplastic having a top surface and a bottom surface; (b) conveying the continuous web of thermoplastic through a scuffing work station where after the top surface is characterized having increased surface area relative the bottom surface; (c) shearing the continuous web of thermoplastic providing a plurality of sheets having scuffed top surfaces; (d) heating a first sheet; (e) forming the first sheet with a first mold; (f) heating a second sheet; (g) forming the second sheet with a second mold; (h) aligning the first mold with the second mold so a scuffed top surface of the first sheet faces a bottom surface of the second sheet: (i) moving the first mold toward the second mold; (j) joining together sections of the scuffed top surface of the first sheet with sections of the bottom surface of the second sheet to form a twin sheet subassembly; (k) heating a third sheet; (l) forming the third sheet with a third mold; (m) aligning the third mold with the twin sheet subassembly; (n) moving the twin sheet subassembly toward the third mold; and, (o) joining together sections of a scuffed top surface of the twin sheet subassembly with sections of the bottom surface of the third sheet to form a triple sheet pallet. 8. A pallet made in accordance with claim 7 wherein at least one exposed surface of the pallet is scuffed providing a high coefficient of friction for a skid resistant surface. 9. A pallet made in accordance with claim 7 wherein after the step (e) a rigid member is inserted into the machine frame from an external adjacent location for placement upon the first sheet prior to the step (j) to form a rigidified twin sheet subassembly. 10. A pallet made in accordance with claim 7 wherein after the step (j) a rigid member is inserted into the machine frame from an external adjacent location for placement upon the twin sheet subassembly prior to the step (o) to form a rigidified triple sheet pallet. 11. A thermoformed plastic pallet assembly comprising: a load carrying member defined by a deck structure and a plurality of integral leg supports depending therefrom, at least one of said leg supports include at least one projection adjacent a leg bottom; a load distributing member having a substantially flat bottom and a plurality of elevated sections comprising leg receiving pockets, and adjacent to at least one of said leg receiving pockets at least one recess; wherein at least one projection is received by at least one recess when said load carrying member is compressed upon said load-distributing member to provide a snap together thermoformed plastic pallet assembly. 12. A thermoformed plastic pallet assembly as in claim 11 wherein the load-carrying member is composed of at least two sheets of heat deformed thermoplastic. 13. A thermoformed plastic pallet assembly as in claim 11 wherein the plurality of leg supports include opposed projections adjacent the leg bottoms and the plurality of leg receiving pockets include opposed recesses, the opposed projections being received by the opposed recesses to provide a snap together thermoformed plastic pallet assembly. 14. A plastic pallet comprising: A load carrying member defined by a deck structure and at least a pair of two integral leg supports depending therefrom, said leg supports including adjacent a leg bottom a recess, said recess being developed to engagingly receive a rigidifying cross member insertable therein within the recess. 15. A plastic pallet as in claim 14 wherein the rigidifying cross member is a common 2.times.4 wood piece. 16. A system for manually unfurling a shrink wrap film around a unit load, the system comprising the steps of: (a) supplying a pallet, defined by a load bearing deck having four corners and a plurality depending legs suspending the deck a fixed distance above a platform, with at least one "U" shaped structure adjacent a pallet corner inverted so that the "U" is open toward the platform; (b) placing one or more cartons in stacked relation upon the deck of the pallet; (c) supplying a roll of shrink wrap film; (d) knotting an end portion of an unrolled length of shrink wrap film; (e) placing a knot of said shrink wrap film adjacent the "U" shaped structure so that the "U" shaped structure is positioned intermediate between the knot and the roll of shrink wrap film; (f) pulling the knot into the "U" shaped structure; (g) stressing an unfurled length of shrink wrap film around a nearby first corner; (h) stretching the shrink wrap film around four corners of the deck; and (i) stretching the shrink wrap film around the cartons upon the pallet to provide a unitized load. 17. A pallet amenably receiving hold-down means for the transportation of goods within a distribution system, the pallet comprising: A load bearing deck structure formed by an upper surface and a lower surface, the upper and lower surfaces being a fixed distance apart to define a substantially vertical perimeter margin contiguous said deck structure; A plurality of legs depending from the lower surface suspending the deck structure a fixed distance above a supporting platform, said leg structures being off-set upon the lower surface toward a center of the lower surface to define a narrow horizontal section contiguous the vertical perimeter margin; and Along the narrow horizontal section of the lower surface a plurality of depending segments said depending segments receiving hold-down means restraining goods upon the upper surface of the pallet. 18. A plastic pallet, the plastic pallet comprising: A top surface supporting a load having a front top margin, a rear top margin, and between the front and rear top margins opposed top side margins; A bottom surface below the top surface having a front bottom margin, a rear bottom margin, and between the front and rear bottom margins opposed bottom side margins, and a plurality of depending legs; A front vertical surface, a rear vertical surface and opposed vertical surfaces, the vertical surfaces joining the top surface to the bottom surface; and Adjacent at least one vertical surface at least one handle, said handle being horizontally disposed upon the top surface to be rotated into a hand engagable position. 19. A plastic pallet as in claim 18 wherein opposite said handle upon at least one of said depending legs a thick plastic pad, the pad being amenable to the wear and tear of manual pallet handling. 20. A plastic pallet as in claim 18 wherein at least one of said vertical surfaces include a pair of said handles, and opposite any one of said pair of handles upon said legs thick plastic pads, the plastic pallet being manually manipulatable from at least one position. 21. A plastic pallet as in claim 18 wherein the plastic pallet is combined with a load distributing member, the load distributing member having a slightly raised top surface developed to engage said depending legs and a substantially flat bottom surface, the bottom surface having a front edge, a rear edge and between the front and rear edges opposed side edges, and along the rear edge a thick plastic strip, the plastic strip being amenable to the wear and tear of manual pallet handling. 22. An article resistant to fire and the heat of fire, the article comprising: A first sheet of thermoformable plastic, comprising a surface layer of an intumenscent polyolefin composition resistant to fire and an interior substrate layer of a polyolefin resin, provided in a co-extrusion construction molded over a first mold to provide a first surface; A second sheet as in the first sheet molded over a second mold to provide a second surface; A third sheet of thermoformable plastic composed of at least one layer of polyolefin resin molded over a third mold to provide a rigid member comprising an array of upward extending ribs, an array of downward extending channels and between the ribs and channels hollow areas containing dead air space; The third sheet being compressed between the first and second sheets upon a machine frame to provide a rigid unitary structure wherein upper surfaces of the ribs bond to the interior substrate layer of the first sheet and lower surfaces of the channels bond to the interior substrate layer of the second sheet; The surface layers of the intumescent polyolefin compositions of the first and second sheets being exteriorly visible preventing the interior substrate layers of the first and second sheets from supporting a flame upon exposure to fire; and The surface layers of the intumescent polyolefin compositions of the first and second sheets and the dead air space insulating the third sheet, the third sheet resisting the heat of the fire to remain rigid. 23. An article as in claim 22 wherein the third sheet includes additives imparting high temperature strength. 24. An article as in claim 22 wherein the article is an industrial platform. 25. An article as in claim 22 wherein within said hollow areas resides a wireless communications devise, the devise being adapted to transmit an emergency signal to a remote monitoring station when said article is exposed to fire or the heat of fire. 26. A plastic pallet, the plastic pallet comprising: A first surface developed to support a load, a second surface below the first surface communicating with a platform, and between the first surface and the second surface at least one hollow space; Within said hollow space an electronic devise, the electronic devise comprising at least a wireless communicator interfacing with a remote station, thermographic instrumentation developed to monitor external temperature, and circuitry integrating the communicator to the instrumentation; The thermographic instrumentation responding to variation in external temperature indicative of a fire by alerting circuitry, the circuitry triggering communicator to send an emergency signal to the remote station, the remote station alerting authorities to said fire. 27. A plastic pallet as in claim 26 wherein the electronic devise has at least one supply of power, the one supply of power being derived from a primary power supply, said primary power supply being augmented by a secondary power supply, said secondary power supply being derived from a solar battery positioned externally upon one of said surfaces of said plastic pallet. 28. A plastic pallet as in claim 26 wherein the thermographic instrumentation includes a thermoscopic probe, the thermoscopic probe being exteriorly positioned to monitor temperature variation. 29. A plastic pallet as in claim 26 wherein the thermographic instrumentation includes a thermoscopic probe, a solar battery and an RF transponder, the probe, battery and transponder being affixed upon a plate for remote attachment to an external surface of the plastic pallet; and Wherein the electronic devise further includes an RF receiver integrated to the wireless communicator, the RF receiver receiving communication from the FR transponder having a solar battery supply of power when said thermoscopic probe is exposed to fire and the heat of fire. 