A process for making a product with a long-lasting easily cleanable surface is described. By said process, there is applied to the surface a mixture comprising a hydrolyzable, network-forming gel and a hydrophobic substance. The gel is preferably formed from SiO.sub.2, Al.sub.2O.sub.3, Fe.sub.2O.sub.3, In.sub.2O.sub.3, SnO.sub.2, ZrO.sub.2, B.sub.2O.sub.3 and/or TiO.sub.2, and the hydrophobic substance is preferably chemically linked with the gel network.
Claims 1. Process for making a product with a long-lasting, easily cleanable surface by coating the surface with a hydrophobic material, characterized in that to the surface is applied a mixture comprising a hydrolyzable, network-forming gel and a hydrophobic substance. 2. Process according to claim 1, characterized in that the gel is made to harden after it has been applied. 3. Process according to one of the preceding claims, characterized in that the gel is a hydrogel, alkogel, xerogel and/or aerogel. 4. Process according to one of the preceding claims, characterized in that the gel is formed from SiO.sub.2, Al.sub.2O.sub.3, Fe.sub.2O.sub.3, In.sub.2O.sub.3, SnO.sub.2, ZrO.sub.2, B.sub.2O.sub.3 and/or TiO.sub.2. 5. Process according to one of the preceding claims, characterized in that the hydrophobic substance is chemically linked with the gel network. 6. Process according to one of the preceding claims, characterized in that the hydrophobic substance is a silane. 7. Process according to one of the preceding claims, characterized in that the silane has the general formula (CF.sub.xH.sub.y)--(CF.sub.aH.sub.b).s- ub.n--(CF.sub.a'H.sub.b').sub.m--Si--(OR).sub.3 wherein x and y independently of each other stand for 0, 1, 2 or 3, and x+y=3, a, a' and b, b' independently of each other stand for 0, 1 or 2 and a+b as well as a'+b'=2, n and m independently of each other denote a numeral from 0 to 20 and together add up to a maximum of 30, and R is a straight-chain, branched, saturated or unsaturated C.sub.1-C.sub.8-alkyl group optionally containing heteroatoms. 8. Process according to one of the preceding claims, characterized by preparing an organometallic sol solution hydrolyzable with gel formation, dissolving therein a hydrophobic substance and applying said solution to the surface to be treated. 9. Process according to claim 8, characterized in that the solution is applied by dipping, spraying, spinning, rolling, curtain-coating or screen-printing. 10. Product with an easily cleanable surface, obtained by one of claims 1 to 9. 11. Product according to claim 10, characterized in that it is a window glass, mirror glass, shower enclosure glass, glass shelf, cover glass for solar collectors, sight glass, instrument glass, glass keyboard, touch screen panel, display cover glass, glass for furnaces, lamp cover glass, glass for refrigerators or furniture, spotlight glass, lamp cover glass [sic-Translator], watch glass, sanitary glass, glass for eyeglass lenses, ocular or objective glass in optical devices, a solar collector tube, a wastewater pipe, a TV screen or PC monitor glass, a TV or PC front cover glass, a window, an instrument-covering glass for motor vehicles, trains, ships or airplanes, a baking tray, a sauce pan, a sanitary object, a floor tile or a roofing tile. 