A method and apparatus for a solar battery is disclosed. The solar battery consists of a micro-solar array and battery for providing power to a load device. The micro-solar array and battery are connected to a micro-controller having memory for repetitively executing a sequence of program instructions for implementing solar battery management logic. The solar battery management logic efficiently charges and discharges the battery and keeps the battery history in the event there is no power available from the battery or the micro-solar array.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar battery comprising: control means for monitoring power availability from a solar battery and repetitively executing a sequence of program instructions for implementing solar battery management. 2. The solar battery according to claim 1, further comprises: a solar source connected to a battery through said control means. 3. The solar battery according to claim 2, wherein said control means for monitoring power availability from a solar battery further comprises: a predetermined load demand for determining power availability from said solar source. 4. The solar battery according to claim 2, wherein said control means for monitoring power availability from a solar battery further comprises: a predetermined load demand for determining power availability from said battery. 5. The solar battery according to claim 2, wherein said control means for monitoring power availability from a solar battery further comprises: load demand input for determining power availability from said solar source. 6. The solar battery according to claim 2, wherein said control means for monitoring power availability from a solar battery further comprises: load demand input for determining power availability from said battery. 7. The solar battery according to claim 5, wherein said control means for repetitively executing a sequence of program instructions for implementing solar battery management further comprises: power delivery to said load demand input from said solar source. 8. The solar battery according to claim 6, wherein said control means for repetitively executing a sequence of program instructions for implementing solar battery management further comprises: power delivery from said battery based on load demand input. 9. The solar battery according to claim 2, wherein said control means for repetitively executing a sequence of program instructions for implementing solar battery management further comprises: memory for permanently storing battery management information when there is no power availability from said solar source and said battery. 10. The solar battery according to claim 2, wherein said control means further comprises: a logic circuit for choosing said power available between said solar source and said battery. 11. The solar battery according to claim 10, wherein said control means further comprises: a logic circuit for choosing said power availability based on a voltage determination for a load. 12. The solar battery according to claim 2, wherein said control means for repetitively executing a sequence of program instructions for implementing solar battery management further comprises: memory for continuously obtaining and storing charge information for said battery. 13. The solar battery according to claim 2, wherein said control means for repetitively executing a sequence of program instructions for implementing solar battery management further comprises: memory for continuously obtaining and storing voltage information for said battery. 14. The solar battery according to claim 2, wherein said control means for repetitively executing a sequence of program instructions for implementing solar battery management further comprises: memory for continuously obtaining and storing discharge information for said battery. 15. The solar battery according to claim 2, wherein said control means for repetitively executing a sequence of program instructions for implementing solar battery management further comprises: memory for continuously obtaining and storing "n" charge cycle information for said battery. 16. The solar battery according to claim 2, wherein said control means for repetitively executing a sequence of program instructions for implementing solar battery management further comprises: memory for continuously obtaining and storing temperature information for said battery. 17. A solar battery comprising: implementing solar battery management utilizing a microprocessor for providing power to a load device based on power availability and delivery from a solar battery. 18. The solar battery system according to claim 17, further comprising: connecting a solar source to a battery through said microprocessor 19. The solar battery according to claim 18, further comprising: determining power availability from said solar source based on a predetermined load demand. 20. The solar battery according to claim 18, further comprising: determining power availability from said battery based on a predetermined load demand. 21. The solar battery according to claim 18, further comprising: determining power availability from said battery based on a load demand input. 22. The solar battery according to claim 18, further comprising: determining power availability from said solar source based on a load demand input. 23. The solar battery according to claim 18, further comprising: implementing solar battery management utilizing power from said solar source. 24. The solar battery according to claim 18, further comprising: implementing solar battery management utilizing power from said battery. 25. The solar battery according to claim 18, further comprising: permanently storing battery management information when there is no power availability from said solar source and said battery. 26. A solar battery comprising: a solar source connected to a battery through a microprocessor for monitoring power availability from a solar source and said battery for repetitively executing a sequence of program instructions for implementing solar battery management and having memory for permanently storing battery management information when there is no power availability from said solar source and said battery. 