Combination traveling and protective bag with photovoltaic battery cells for handheld video game systems or electrical devices. The traveling bag comprises photo voltaic cells colligate into the travel bag for recharging an extra set of replacement battery cells. Special pivoting mounts of the photo voltaic cells would allow for minute adjusting achieving the best angle toward the light source. Convenient perforations allow an end user to access the hand held video game system or electrical device viewing screen, operation and command buttons while the travel bag is being used. The travel bag also comprises one or more clips for using a shoulder or holding strap. When the batteries are recharged a special sound would alert the user. Removable sections on the travel bag can allow the end user to change and upgrade the photo voltaic cells and thus permitting the travel bag to evolve with the power needs of the end user.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A Combination travel and protection bag with photovoltaic battery charger for hand held video game systems being powered by A, AA, AAA, B, C, and D size battery power cells, said travel bag being adapted to receive an hand held video game system comprising: A. Support means comprising an aperture of an predetermined girth whereby said travel bag can accept and hold said hand held video game system B. convenient perforation means whereby allowing the end user access to said video game system's viewing screen and command buttons through the said travel bag C. at least one photo voltaic cell colligated to the travel bag D. at least one battery charge chamber colligated to the travel bag whereby battery cells can be charged. 2. The combination travel and protection bag with photovoltaic battery charger of claim 1 further comprising an flexible coupling member thereby allowing nutate movement of the said photo voltaic cells so that the said photo voltaic cell can be realigned to help achieve optimum performance. 3. The combination travel and protection bag with photovoltaic battery charger of claim 1 further comprising an demountably gib panel means whereby the photo voltaic cell can be upgraded so that said travel bag can be adapted to the evolving needs of the end user. 4. The combination travel and protection bag with photovoltaic battery charger of claim 1 further comprising sound emitting elements whereby the said travel bag could audibly notify the end user when recharging is complete. 5. A combination travel and protection bag with photovoltaic battery charger for hand held video game systems, said travel and protection bag being adapted to receive a hand held video game system comprising: A. Support mean comprising an aperture of an predetermine girth B. Convenient perforation means whereby the end user can access the said hand held video game screen and command buttons C. at least one photo voltaic cell colligated to the travel bag D. at least one battery charge chamber colligated to the travel bag E. at least one sound emitting element whereby said travel bag could audibly notify the end user when charging is complete. 6. The combination travel and protection bag of claim 5 further comprising an flexible coupling member for mounting said photo voltaic cell whereby said photo voltaic cell could be realigned for optimum performance. 7. The combination travel and protection bag of claim 5 further comprising an detachably gib panel means whereby allowing the photo voltaic cells to be upgraded. 8. A combination travel and protection bag of with photovoltaic battery charger for hand held electronic equipment, said travel and protection bag being adapted to receive hand held electronic equipment comprising: A. Support means comprising an aperture of an predetermine girth whereby said travel and protection bag can accept and hold said electronic equipment B. convenient perforation means whereby the end user can access the said electric equipment command buttons C. at least one photo voltaic cell colligated to the travel bag D. at least one battery charge chamber colligated to the travel bag. 9. The combination travel bag of claim 8 further comprising an flexible coupling member means for mounting said photo voltaic cells whereby said photo voltaic cells can be realigned for optimum performance. 10. The combination travel and protection bag of claim 8 further comprising sound emitting elements whereby said travel bag could audibly notify the end user when charging is complete. 