A process to recover energy, reduce pollution potential, and add value to organic waste such as animal manure is described. The process involves the anaerobic digestion of feedstocks, such as animal manure, at low to high temperatures in batch, semi-continuous or continuous reactors. The process makes use of existing handling and storage equipment at the farm and requires minimal supervision and skill by the operator. The system is not affected by high concentrations of volatile acids and ammonia or nitrogen. The productivity of the anaerobic digester system, in terms of methane gas production and quality, is exceptionally high. The anaerobic digester employs plural pressurizable anaerobic digesters connected in parallel. Consequently, the process is scaleable, low cost and does not interfere with regular farm operations.
Claims We claim: 1. A system for converting cellulose-containing feedstock into useful materials, wherein the system comprises: one or more feedstock slurry feeders; two or more pressurizable anaerobic digesters connected in parallel, each anaerobic digester comprising agitation means, one or more feed ports, one or more discharge ports, an optional pressure regulator, and a reaction vessel for holding a reaction solution comprising an anaerobic microbe which converts an aqueous slurry of cellulose-containing feedstock into at least methane and an enriched effluent; one or more pressurizers; one or more gas processors directly or indirectly connected to each anaerobic digester; and a plurality of conduits connecting various components of the system; wherein the headspace of each anaerobic digester is pressurizable to about 10 psi or more to form the enriched effluent and a discharge gas comprising at least methane during anaerobic digestion of the feedstock slurry. 2. The system of claim 1 further comprising one or more of the following: a) one or more pressure controllers for controlling the pressure inside the anaerobic digesters; and b) one or more temperature controllers for controlling the temperature inside the anaerobic digesters. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein at least one of the one or more pressure controllers comprises an actuator for the pressurizer and a pressure monitor. 4. The system of claim 2, wherein at least one of the one or more temperature controllers is selected from a coil inside the anaerobic digester, a jacket outside the reaction vessel, and a combination thereof. 5. The system of claim 4, wherein at least one of the one or more temperature controllers further comprises a recirculating fluid source outside the reaction vessel. 6. The system of claim 5, wherein the recirculating fluid source is selected from the group consisting of a solar water heater, a gas-powered water heater, a steam generator, and a heat exchanger. 7. The system of claim 1 further comprising one or more vessels for preparing a feedstock slurry. 8. The system of claim 1 further comprising a feedstock particle size reducer. 9. The system of claim 1 further comprising one or more storage tanks for receiving the enriched effluent. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein the one or more storage tanks is independently selected at each occurrence from the group consisting of a scum storage tank, a supernatant storage tank and a sludge storage tank. 11. The system of claim 1, wherein the one or more gas processors is selected from the group consisting of a gas scrubber, a gas compressor, a gas separator, a gas treater, and an aerial cooler. 12. The system of claim 1, wherein the agitation means is selected from the group consisting of a fluid recirculator, a gas recirculator, a sparger bar, a mechanical agitator and a combination thereof. 13. The system of claim 1, wherein the pressurizer is one or more of the feedstock slurry feeder; an external compressed gas source; a fluid inlet; a sparger bar; a gas recirculator; and a fluid recirculator. 14. The system of claim 1, wherein the at least one useful gas is selected from the group consisting of methane, ammonia, hydrogen, hydrogen sulfide and carbon dioxide. 15. The system of claim 1, wherein the enriched effluent comprises at least one of a nitrogen rich fertilizer, an insecticidal mixture, ammonia, and an organic acid. 16. The system of claim 1, wherein the system forms at least one useful material selected from the group consisting of methane, ammonia, hydrogen, hydrogen sulfide, carbon dioxide, a nitrogen rich fertilizer, an insecticidal mixture, and an organic acid. 17. The system of claim 1 further comprising a gas recirculation system comprising a gas separator for reducing methane from a discharge gas received directly or indirectly from an anaerobic digester to form a methane-reduced gas that is subsequently fed directly or indirectly back into the anaerobic digester. 18. The system of claim 1 further comprising a fluid recirculation system for recirculating scum, sludge, supernatant or effluent received directly or indirectly from an anaerobic digester back into the anaerobic digester. 19. The system of claim 1, wherein the configuration of the anaerobic digester system permits batch, semi-continuous or continuous operation. 20. The system of claim 19, wherein the agitation means comprises a gas bubbler, an aerator, a sparger bar, a fluid stream, a mechanical agitator, or a combination thereof. 21. The system of claim 1, wherein the anaerobic digesters comprise an anaerobic microbe which is a methanogenic bacterium. 22. The system of claim 21, wherein the anaerobic microbe is mesophilic or thermophilic. 23. The system of claim 1, wherein the feedstock slurry comprises from about 1% wt. to about 90% wt. solids. 24. The system of claim 1 further comprising at least one of an internal combustion engine, an electrical current generator, an electric engine, a water heater, a furnace, an air conditioning unit, a ventilation fan, a conveyor, a pump, a heat exchanger, and a fuel cell. 25. The system of claim 24, wherein the at least one useful gas is used to operate at least one of the internal combustion engine, electrical current generator, electric engine, water heater, furnace, air conditioning unit, ventilation fan, conveyor, pump, heat exchanger, and fuel cell. 26. The system of claim 1, wherein the anaerobic digesters comprise an anaerobic microbe selected from the group consisting of: Clostridium spp., Bacillus spp., Escherichia spp., Staphylococcus spp., Methanobacter spp., Methanobacter (Mb.) omlianskii, Mb. formicicum, Mb. soehngenii, Mb. thermoautrophicum, Mb. ruminatium, Mb. mobile, Mb. methanica, Methanococcus (Mc) mazei, Mc. vannielii, Ms. mazei, Mb. suboxydans, Mb. propionicum, Methanosarcina (Ms) bovekeri, Ms. methanica, Ms. Alcaliphilum, Ms. acetivorans, Ms. thermophilia, Ms. barkeri, Ms. vacuolata, Propionibacterium acidi-propionici, Saccharomyces cerevisae, S. ellipsoideus, Clostridium propionicum, Clostridium saccharoacetoper-butylicum, and Clostridium butyricum. 27. The system of claim 26, wherein the at least one useful gas is selected from the group consisting of: methane, hydrogen, carbon dioxide, hydrogen sulfide, and ammonia. 28. The system of claim 1, wherein the enriched effluent comprises at least one of ammonia; nitrogen rich fertilizer; protein; amino acid; carbohydrate; insecticide; mineral; charcoal; carbon black; and insect repellant. 29. The system of claim 1, wherein the anaerobic digesters comprise an aqueous slurry of cellulose-containing feedstock comprising at least one of animal tissue, biomass, fish tissue, plant parts, fruits, vegetables, plant-processing waste, animal-processing waste, animal manure, animal urine, mammalian manure, mammalian urine, solids isolated from fermentation cultures, bovine manure or urine, poultry manure or urine, equine manure or urine, porcine manure or urine, wood shavings or chips, slops, mostos, shredded paper, cotton burrs, grain, chaff, seed shells, hay, alfalfa, grass, leaves, sea shells, seed pods, corn shucks, weeds, aquatic plants, algae, fungus, and combinations thereof. 30. The system of claim 1, wherein the system is installed in a swine ranch, chicken farm, cattle ranch, feedlot or dairy cattle milking facility to convert waste material into at least methane, which is used to operate one or more gas-powered machines. 31. The system of claim 1, wherein the system comprises a single feedstock slurry feeder connected to each of two or more pressurizable anaerobic digesters connected in parallel. 32. The system of claim 1, wherein the system further comprises one or more receiving tanks that receive the enriched effluent from each pressurizable anaerobic digester. 33. The system of claim 1 further comprising: one or more vessels for preparing a feedstock slurry; a feedstock particle size reducer; one or more storage tanks for receiving the enriched effluent; comprising a gas recirculation system for recirculating a gas received directly or indirectly from an anaerobic digester back into the anaerobic digester; a fluid recirculation system for recirculating scum, sludge, supernatant or effluent received directly or indirectly from an anaerobic digester back into the anaerobic digester; and at least one of an internal combustion engine, an electrical current generator, an electric engine, a water heater, a furnace, an air conditioning unit, a ventilation fan, a conveyor, a pump, a heat exchanger, and a fuel cell. 34. An integrated system for converting cellulose-containing feedstock into useful materials, wherein the integrated system comprises: a feedstock slurry feeder system that forms an aqueous slurry of cellulose-containing feedstock; an anaerobic digester system directly or indirectly connected to the feeder system and comprising two or more pressurizable anaerobic digesters connected in parallel, wherein each anaerobic digester receives the aqueous slurry of cellulose-containing feedstock and converts it into a discharge gas and an enriched effluent; and a discharge gas processing system that is directly or indirectly connected to the anaerobic digester system and that at least separates methane from the discharge gas; wherein the headspace of each anaerobic digester is pressurizable to about 10 psi or more to form the enriched effluent and a discharge gas comprising at least methane during anaerobic digestion of the feedstock slurry. 35. The integrated system of claim 34 further comprising an enriched effluent processing system. 36. The integrated system of claim 35, wherein the enriched effluent processing system comprises one or more storage tanks for receiving the enriched effluent. 37. The integrated system of claim 36, wherein the one or more storage tanks is independently selected at each occurrence from the group consisting of a scum storage tank, a supernatant storage tank and a sludge storage tank. 38. The integrated system of claim 35 further comprising a pressurizer system. 39. The integrated system of claim 38, wherein the pressurizer is one or more of a feedstock slurry feeder, an external compressed gas source, a fluid inlet, a sparger bar, a gas recirculator, and a fluid recirculator. 40. The integrated system of claim 35, wherein the feedstock slurry feeder system comprises one or more mixing vessels and one or more pumps. 41. The integrated system of claim 40, wherein the feedstock slurry feeder system further comprises a feedstock particle size reducer. 42. The integrated system of claim 35, wherein the anaerobic digester is adapted for batch, semi-continuous or continuous operation. 43. The integrated system of claim 35 further comprising at least one component powered by methane produced by the integrated system, wherein the component is independently selected at each occurrence from the group consisting of an internal combustion engine, an electrical current generator, an electric engine, a water heater, a furnace, an air conditioning unit, a ventilation fan, a conveyor, a pump, a heat exchanger, and a fuel cell. 44. The integrated system of claim 35, wherein the discharge gas processing system comprises a dehydrator, separator, scrubber, compressor, treater and/or aerial cooler. 45. The integrated system of claim 44, wherein the separator separates C0.sub.2 or ammonia gas from the discharge gas. 46. The integrated system of claim 35, wherein each anaerobic digester comprises agitation means, one or more feed ports, one or more discharge ports, an optional pressure regulator, and a reaction vessel. 47. The integrated system of claim 46, wherein the agitation means is independently selected a each occurrence from the group consisting of a fluid recirculator, a gas recirculator, a sparger bar, a mechanical agitator and a combination thereof. 48. The integrated system of claim 35 further comprising a gas recirculation system to recirculate gas from the headspace of an anaerobic digester to the slurry of the digester. 49. The integrated system of claim 48, wherein the gas recirculation system adds methane-depleted or carbon dioxide enriched discharge gas back to the anaerobic digester. 50. The integrated system of claim 35 further comprising a fluid recirculator system that recycles the scum, supernatant, effluent, or sludge of an anaerobic digester. 51. An integrated anaerobic digester system comprising: a single-stage anaerobic digester system comprising two or more pressurizable anaerobic digesters connected in parallel, wherein each anaerobic digester receives an aqueous slurry of cellulose-containing feedstock and converts it into a discharge gas and an enriched effluent; a discharge gas processing system that is directly or indirectly connected to the anaerobic digester system and that at least separates methane from the discharge gas; and an enriched effluent processing system that is directly or indirectly connected to the anaerobic digester system; wherein the headspace of each anaerobic digester is pressurizable to about 10 psi or more to form the enriched effluent and a discharge gas comprising at least methane during anaerobic digestion of the aqueous slurry of cellulose-containing feedstock. 52. The integrated system of claim 51 further comprising a feedstock slurry feeder system that forms an aqueous slurry of cellulose-containing feedstock. 53. The integrated system of claim 52, the feedstock slurry feeder system comprises one or more mixing vessels and one or more pumps. 54. The integrated system of claim 53, wherein the feedstock slurry feeder system further comprises a feedstock particle size reducer. 55. The integrated system of claim 52 further comprising a pressurizer system. 56. The integrated system of claim 55, wherein the pressurizer is one or more of a feedstock slurry feeder, an external compressed gas source, a fluid inlet, a sparger bar, a gas recirculator, and a fluid recirculator. 57. The integrated system of claim 52 further comprising a gas recirculation system that recirculates gas from the headspace of an anaerobic digester to the slurry of the digester. 58. The integrated system of claim 52 further comprising a fluid recirculation system that circulates the scum, supernatant, effluent, or sludge of an anaerobic digester within the digester. 59. The integrated system of claim 51, wherein the enriched effluent processing system comprises one or more storage tanks for receiving the enriched effluent. 60. The integrated system of claim 59, wherein the one or more storage tanks is independently selected at each occurrence from the group consisting of a scum storage tank, a supernatant storage tank and a sludge storage tank. 61. The integrated system of claim 51, wherein the anaerobic digester is adapted for batch, semi-continuous or continuous operation. 62. The integrated system of claim 52 further comprising at least one component powered by methane produced by the integrated system, wherein the component is independently selected at each occurrence from the group consisting of an internal combustion engine, an electrical current generator, an electric engine, a water heater, a furnace, an air conditioning unit, a ventilation fan, a conveyor, a pump, a heat exchanger, and a fuel cell. 63. The integrated system of claim 51, wherein the discharge gas processing system comprises a dehydrator, separator, scrubber, compressor, treater and/or aerial cooler. 64. The integrated system of claim 63, wherein the separator separates CO.sub.2 or ammonia gas from the discharge gas. 65. The integrated system of claim 52, each anaerobic digester comprises agitation means, one or more feed ports, one or more discharge ports, an optional pressure regulator, and a reaction vessel. 66. The integrated system of claim 65, wherein the agitation means is independently selected a each occurrence from the group consisting of a fluid recirculator, a gas recirculator, a sparger bar, a mechanical agitator and a combination thereof. 67. An integrated anaerobic digester system comprising: a single-stage anaerobic digester system comprising two or more pressurizable anaerobic digesters connected in parallel, wherein each anaerobic digester receives an aqueous slurry of cellulose-containing feedstock and converts it into a discharge gas and an enriched effluent; a discharge gas processing system that is directly or indirectly connected to the anaerobic digester system and that at least separates methane from the discharge gas; an enriched effluent processing system that is directly or indirectly connected to the anaerobic digester system; a feedstock slurry feeder system that forms an aqueous slurry of cellulose-containing feedstock; a pressurizer system; a gas recirculation system that recirculates gas from the headspace of an anaerobic digester to the slurry of the digester; and a fluid recirculation system that recirculates the scum, supernatant, effluent, or sludge of an anaerobic digester; wherein the headspace of each anaerobic digester is pressurizable to about 10 psi or more to form the enriched effluent and a discharge gas comprising at least methane during anaerobic digestion of the aqueous slurry of cellulose-containing feedstock. 68. The integrated system of claim 67, wherein the enriched effluent processing system comprises one or more storage tanks for receiving the enriched effluent. 69. The integrated system of claim 68, wherein the one or more storage tanks is independently selected at each occurrence from the group consisting of a scum storage tank, a supernatant storage tank and a sludge storage tank. 70. The integrated system of claim 67, wherein the pressurizer is one or more of a feedstock slurry feeder, an external compressed gas source, a fluid inlet, a sparger bar, a gas recirculator, and a fluid recirculator. 71. The integrated system of claim 67, wherein the feedstock slurry feeder system comprises one or more mixing vessels and one or more pumps. 72. The integrated system of claim 71, wherein the feedstock slurry feeder system further comprises a feedstock particle size reducer. 73. The integrated system of claim 67, wherein the anaerobic digester is adapted for batch, semi-continuous or continuous operation. 74. The integrated system of claim 67 further comprising at least one component powered by methane produced by the integrated system, wherein the component is independently selected at each occurrence from the group consisting of an internal combustion engine, an electrical current generator, an electric engine, a water heater, a furnace, an air conditioning unit, a ventilation fan, a conveyor, a pump, a heat exchanger, and a fuel cell. 75. The integrated system of claim 67, wherein the discharge gas processing system comprises a dehydrator, separator, scrubber, compressor, treater and/or aerial cooler. 76. The integrated system of claim 75, wherein the separator separates CO.sub.2 or ammonia gas from the discharge gas. 77. The integrated system of claim 67, each anaerobic digester comprises agitation means, one or more feed ports, one or more discharge ports, an optional pressure regulator, and a reaction vessel. 78. The integrated system of claim 77, wherein the agitation means is independently selected a each occurrence from the group consisting of a fluid recirculator, a gas recirculator, a sparger bar, a mechanical agitator and a combination thereof. 79. The integrated system of claim 67, wherein the gas recirculation system adds methane-depleted or carbon dioxide enriched discharge gas back to the anaerobic digester. 