A central solar receiver comprises an axisymmetric housing having front and rear ends and having an aperture at the front end, an elongated tubular window mounted in the aperture co-axially with the housing, a volumetric solar absorber disposed within the housing and extending around and along the elongated window for absorbing solar radiation, that has passed therethrough; and working fluid ingress and egress formed in the housing so as to, respectively, inject thereto, and withdraw therefrom, a pressurized working fluid in a manner enabling the working fluid interaction with the volumetric absorber. The window has an open front end which is secured to the housing at the front end thereof, and a closed rear end which is disposed adjacent the rear end of the housing and is free of any securing thereto.
Claims 1. A central solar receiver comprising: an axisymmetric housing having front and rear ends and having an aperture at the front end; an elongated tubular window mounted in said aperture co-axially with the housing, the window having an open front end which is secured to the said housing at the front end thereof, and a closed rear end which is disposed adjacent the rear end of the housing and is free of any securing thereto, the window having a first surface facing incident concentrated solar radiation and a second surface facing the interior of the housing; a volumetric solar absorber disposed within said housing and extending around and along said elongated window for absorbing solar radiation that has passed therethrough; and working fluid ingress and egress formed in said housing so as to, respectively, inject thereto, and withdraw therefrom, a pressurized working fluid in a manner enabling the working fluid interaction with said volumetric absorber. 2. A central solar receiver according to claim 1, wherein the front end of the window is secured to the housing by elastic mounting devices located around the aperture in said housing. 3. A central solar receiver according to claim 2, wherein said mounting devices are spring-loaded clamps. 4. A central solar receiver according to claim 1, wherein said rear closed end of the window has a cap-like concavely curved shape. 5. A central solar receiver according to claim 1, wherein said rear closed end of the window is flat. 6. A central solar receiver according to claim 1, wherein the working fluid ingress is located adjacent the rear end of the housing co-axially therewith so as to face said closed end of the window. 7. A central solar receiver according to claim 6, further comprising an additional solar absorber mounted in the housing between the working fluid ingress and the closed end of the window. 8. A central solar receiver according to claim 7, wherein said absorber has a transverse dimension greater than that of the closed end of the window, so as to absorb concentrated solar radiation that has passed through said closed end. 9. A central solar receiver according to claim 8, wherein said additional volumetric absorber has passages capable of passing therethrough the working fluid flowing from said ingress. 10. A central solar receiver according to claim 9, where said ingress is in the form of a duct having a front funnel and said additional volumetric absorber is mounted in said funnel. 11. A central solar receiver according to claim 10, wherein said additional volumetric absorber is generally disc-shaped. 12. A central solar receiver according to claim 1, wherein said window has a frusto-conical body. 13. A central solar receiver according to claim 1, wherein said window has a cylindrical body in which said front end is in the form of a rim having a diameter greater than that of the cylindrical body. 14. A central solar receiver according to claim 1, wherein said window is of a double-pane type. 15. For use in a central solar receiver having an aperture at its front end, a window for mounting in said aperture and for admitting and passing into the receiver incident highly concentrated solar radiation, the window having an elongated tubular shape with an open front end adapted for being secured in said aperture of the receiver, and a closed rear end free of any securing means. 16. A window according to claim 15, having a frusto-conical body. 17. A window according to claim 15, having a cylindrical body in which said front end is in the form of a rim having a diameter greater than that of the cylindrical body. 18. A window according to claim 15, wherein said window is of a double-pane type. 19. A window according to claim 15, wherein said rear closed end of the window has a concavely curved cap-like shape. 20. A window according to claim 15, wherein said rear closed end of the window is flat. 