A new mounting system for elevating and supporting objects such as solar panels and satellite dishes upon a roof. The mounting base for attachment to a roof rafter incorporates a threadable elongated member or stanchion and only requires a single lag bolt which is positioned directly beneath the stanchion for fastening to a roof rafter. A guide tunnel is also provided on the roof mount for proper drill angle into the rafter. The solar panel support utilizes C-shaped extruded aluminum horizontal members where, upon fastening the solar panel to the members, enhances the strength properties from a C-shape to a square structural member. The disclosed design for the solar panel support and associated equipment which are attached to at least two mounting bases, permits efficient packaging, resulting in minimal packaging time and cost.
Claims I claim: 1. A mounting system for mounting a solar panel containing at least one module above a roof having flashing and secured to at least one roof rafter, said mounting system comprising: a) at least two base sections for fastening to respective roof rafters, each base section comprising: a base and an integrated hollow cylinder, said cylinder having an offset wall and an insertion opening pointing away from the roof; an alignment means for ensuring that a pilot hole drilled into a rafter will be drilled at a perpendicular angle to the rafter; and a means for fastening the roof mount to a rafter; b) at least two stanchions having a top end and a bottom end, said bottom end being fitted into a respective insertion opening of a roof mount, thereby orientating said elongate member away from the roof, said elongate members being of sufficient length to extend at least to the top of the flashing material; c) support means for a solar panel; said support means positioned upon at least a pair of said stanchions; and d) means to secure said support means to at least a pair of said stanchions. 2. The mounting system of claim 1 wherein said alignment means is a guide tunnel formed in said offset wall and said base whereby said guide tunnel can receive a drill bit for drilling a pilot hole into a rafter. 3. The mounting system of claim 1 wherein said means for fastening comprises a hole extending from the hollow cylinder through said base so that a single lag bolt may be received through said insertion opening and fasten a base section to a roof rafter. 4. The mounting system of claim 1 wherein said support means comprises a pair of horizontal support members and a plurality of clamps slidably connected to said horizontal support members, where a solar panel once positioned upon said pair of horizontal support members is thereafter secured by the use of said clamps. 5. The mounting system of claim 1 wherein said means to secure said support means comprises threadably engaging the support means to the top end of a pair of said stanchions. 6. The mounting system of claim 2 wherein said means for fastening comprises a hole extending from the hollow cylinder through said base so that a single lag bolt may be received through said insertion opening and fasten a base section to a roof rafter. 7. The mounting system of claim 2 wherein said support means comprises a pair of horizontal support members and a plurality of clamps slidably connected to said horizontal support members, where a solar panel once positioned upon said pair of horizontal support members is thereafter secured by the use of said clamps. 8. The mounting system of claim 2 wherein said means to secure said support means comprises threadably engaging the support means to the top end of a pair of said stanchions. 9. The mounting system of claim 3 wherein said support means comprises a pair of horizontal support members and a plurality of clamps slidably connected to said horizontal support members, where a solar panel once positioned upon said pair of horizontal support members is thereafter secured by the use of said clamps. 10. The mounting system of claim 3 wherein said means to secure said support means comprises threadably engaging the support means to the top end of a pair of said stanchions. 11. The mounting system of claim 4 wherein said means to secure said support means comprises threadably engaging the support means to the top end of a pair of said stanchions. 12. A mounting system for mounting a solar panel containing at least one module above a roof and secured to at least one roof rafter, said mounting system comprising: a) at least two roof mounts, each roof mount comprising: a substantially hollow cylinder having a base end, said cylinder having an offset wall, and an insertion opening pointing away from the roof; a guide tunnel extending through said offset wall in parallel relationship with said insertion opening; a hole in said base end for fastening said roof mount to a rafter; an elongate member having a top end and a bottom end, said bottom end being fitted into said insertion opening, thereby orientating said elongate member away from the roof; b) a pair of C-shaped horizontal members, each horizontal member secured to respective roof mounts; c) two end clamps for securing therebetween a solar panel to a respective horizontal member; f) a bi-module clamp for securing a pair of adjacent modules to a horizontal member wherein the number of bi-module clamps required is determined by the formula:number of bi-module clamps=(number of modules -1),g) means for fastening said end clamps to a respective said C-shaped horizontal member; and h) means for fastening said bi-module clamps to a respective said C-shaped horizontal member. 13. The mounting system of claim 12 wherein each of said end clamps comprise a lip end, each lip end having an underside surface for frictional engagement with the solar panel; an end member distal from said lip end, said end member having a top surface, a bottom surface, an edge surface distal from said lip end and a hole for allowing the threaded stem of a bolt to pass through; and, a heel extending downward from said bottom surface, said heel positioned substantially at said edge surface; 14. A mounting base for supporting an object above a roof rafter comprising: a base and an integrated hollow cylinder, said cylinder having an insertion opening pointing away from the roof; an aperture positioned in the mounting base distal from said insertion opening, said aperture having a common axis of symmetry with said insertion opening; said insertion opening capable of receiving a lag bolt having a head and stem; and said aperture sized to permit the stem to pass through for frictional engagement with the rafter. 15. The mounting base of claim 14 wherein said integrated hollow cylinder includes an offset wall, said offset wall having a guide tunnel sized for receiving a drill bit, said guide tunnel designed to provide a perpendicular angle to a rafter for the drill bit to drill a pilot hole into the rafter. 16. A method for securing a mounting base to a roof rafter comprising the steps of: providing a mounting base having a base and a substantially hollow cylinder having a base end, said cylinder having an offset wall and an insertion opening pointing away from the roof; a guide tunnel extending through said offset wall in parallel relationship with said insertion opening; and a hole in said base end extending through said base for receiving the stem of a lag bolt for fastening said roof mount to a rafter; positioning said mounting base directly over a roof rafter so that said guide tunnel is in alignment with the rafter; inserting a drill bit through said guide tunnel and drilling a pilot hole into the rafter; sliding said mounting base so that said hole in said base end is in alignment with said pilot hole; inserting a lag bolt through said insertion opening; and, fastening said mounting base to the roof by frictional engagement of the lag bolt to the rafter. 17. A solar panel support for supporting a solar panel having at least one module and which is mounted to a plurality of roof mounts comprising: a pair of extruded C-shaped horizontal members; each horizontal member having a track; a plurality of inserts for each horizontal member, each of said inserts adapted for slidable movement within the track of said horizontal member and each of said inserts having a threaded aperture; a pair of end clamps for each horizontal member, each of said end clamps having an aperture for allowing the threaded stem of a bolt to pass through, said end clamps capable of being positioned for securing a solar panel therebetween when said end clamp is fastened to a respective horizontal member; a plurality of bi-module clamps for each horizontal member, each of said bi-module clamps having an aperture for allowing the threaded stem of a bolt to pass through, said bi-module clamps capable of being positioned for securing adjacent solar modules when said bi-module clamp is fastened to a respective horizontal member, wherein the number of bi-module clamps required is determined by the formula:number of bi-module clamps=(number of modules -1);and, means for attaching said pair of horizontal members to a plurality of roof mounts. 18. The solar panel support of claim 17 wherein each of said end clamps further comprise a lip end, each lip end having an underside surface for frictional engagement with the solar panel; an end member distal from said lip end, said end member having a top surface, a bottom surface, an edge surface distal from said lip end; and, a heel extending downward from said bottom surface, said heel positioned substantially at said edge surface. 19. The solar panel support of claim 17 wherein the strength properties of said C-shaped horizontal member are enhanced upon frictionally engaging said end clamps, said bi-module clamps and the respective inserts to a respective said horizontal member. 20. The solar panel support of claim 17 wherein said extruded C-shaped elongated members are made of aluminum. 21. The solar panel support of claim 17 wherein said extruded C-shaped elongated members are made of composite material. 