A self powered spherical marker is mounted on a power line by extending the line though opposite openings in the marker. There are two sets of opposite openings to allow the marker to be oriented so that solar cells mounted on the exterior of the marker face a southernly direction. A battery inside the marker is maintained in a charged condition by the solar cells and power led lights that flash intermittently so as to draw attention to the marker. Two halves of the marker are secured together by pin-latch fasteners that are placed around shoulders extending around the periphery of the marker.
Claims What is claimed 1. An avoidance marker, comprising: a shell having first and second parts; a light mounted on said first part; a control circuit mounted within said shell for turning said light alternately on and off to provide a flashing of the light; a battery for providing power to the control circuit and light; and at least one solar cell array for charging said battery. 2. The avoidance marker according to claim 1, wherein said first and second parts have shoulders thereon, and are joined at the shoulders. 3. The avoidance marker according to claim 1, wherein said first and second parts are secured together by pin and slide fasteners. 4. The avoidance marker according to claim 1, including openings in said first and second parts for mounting said marker on cables and power transmission wires. 5. The avoidance marker according to claim 4, wherein said openings are spaced at 90.degree. intervals around said marker. 6. An avoidance marker, comprising: a shell having first and second parts, said first and second parts have shoulders thereon, and are joined at the shoulders; a light mounted on said first part; a control circuit mounted within said shell for turning said light alternately on and off to provide a flashing of the light; a battery for providing power to the control circuit and light; and at least one solar cell array for charging said battery. 7. The avoidance marker according to claim 6, wherein said first and second parts are secured together by pin and slide fasteners. 8. The avoidance marker according to claim 6, including openings in said first and second parts for mounting said marker on cables and power transmission wires. 9. The avoidance marker according to claim 8, wherein said openings are spaced at 90.degree. intervals around said marker. 10. The avoidance marker according to claim 6, wherein said light is at least one LED light. 