A vehicular window system includes a window assembly that is adapted to be mounted in an opening of a vehicle. The window assembly includes at least one window panel and a mounting member, which is fixedly attached to a surface of the window panel. The window assembly further preferably includes an attachment member, which is attached to the mounting member.
Claims We claim: 1. A vehicular window system comprising: a vehicular window assembly comprising at least one window panel, said window assembly adapted to mount in an opening of a vehicle body; a mounting member fixedly attached to a surface of said window panel; and an attachment member attached to said mounting member. 2. The vehicle window system according to claim 1, wherein said mounting member is adhered to said window panel. 3. The vehicle window system according to claim 1, wherein said mounting member is provided at an inner surface of said window panel when said window panel is mounted in a vehicle. 4. The vehicle window system according to claim 3, wherein said attachment member comprises a shelf mounting member. 5. The vehicle window system according to claim 1, wherein said mounting member comprises a plurality of mounting members. 6. The vehicular window system according to claim 1, wherein said window panel includes a polymeric member, and said polymeric member attaching said mounting member to said surface of said window panel. 7. The vehicular window system according to claim 6, wherein said polymeric member comprises a molded polymeric member. 8. The vehicular window system according to claim 6, wherein said window panel comprises a glass panel. 9. The vehicular window system according to claim 6, wherein said polymeric member at least partially surrounds said mounting member. 10. The vehicular window system according to claim 6, wherein said mounting member is offset from said surface of said window panel. 11. The vehicular window system according to claim 6, wherein said mounting member contacts said surface of said window panel. 12. The vehicular window system according to claim 6, wherein said mounting member is adhered to said surface of said window panel. 13. The vehicular window system according to claim 1, wherein said mounting member is mounted to an outer surface of said window panel when said window panel is mounted in a vehicle. 14. The vehicular window system according to claim 13, wherein said attachment member comprises a mounting bracket. 15. The vehicular window system according to claim 14, wherein said mounting bracket comprises a ski holder. 16. A module for a vehicle body opening, said module comprising: a vehicle window panel; and a compartment, one of said vehicle window panel and said compartment being configured and arranged to mount said module in an opening of a vehicle body, said compartment including a storage space providing storage capacity for at least one object whereby the object can be inserted into or removed from said storage space for use by a person when said one of said panel and said compartment is mounted in the opening. 17. The module according to claim 16, wherein said module is adapted to fixedly mount in the opening of the vehicle body. 18. The module according to claim 16, wherein said module is adapted to be releasably mounted in the opening of the vehicle body. 19. The module according to claim 18, wherein said vehicle window panel comprises a solar panel. 20. The module according to claim 18, wherein said storage space is accessible exteriorly of the vehicle. 21. The module according to claim 20, wherein said vehicle window panel is pivotally mounted to said compartment to provide exterior access to said storage space. 22. The module according to claim 21, wherein said compartment includes at least one shelf. 23. The module according to claim 20, wherein said storage space is accessible interiorly of the vehicle when said module is mounted in the vehicle. 24. The module according to claim 23, wherein said compartment includes a door to provide interior access to said storage space. 25. The module according to claim 20, wherein said vehicle window panel comprises a first panel, said module including a second panel, at least one of said first panel and said second panel pivotably mounted in said opening whereby said at least one of said first panel and said second panel may be pivoted to an open position to provide access to said storage space exteriorly of the vehicle. 26. The module according to claim 25, wherein said first panel and said second panel are each pivotably mounted in the opening of the vehicle body. 27. The module according to claim 25, wherein said at least one of said first panel and said second panel includes a work surface. 28. The module according to claim 27, wherein said work surface comprises a cutting surface. 29. The module according to claim 27, wherein said work surface comprises a cooking surface. 30. The module according to claim 27, wherein said compartment includes at least one shelf. 31. A module for mounting at an opening of a vehicle body, said module comprising: a support adapted to mount at or adjacent to a window opening of a vehicle body interiorly of the vehicle; and a work surface supported by said support and being positionable between a stowed position recessed in said support and an operative position extended from said support for access by an occupant of a vehicle. 32. The module according to claim 31, wherein said support is adapted to be slidably mounted to the interior of the vehicle body whereby said support may be repositioned in the interior of the vehicle. 33. The module according to claim 31, wherein said work surface is pivotably mounted to said support. 34. The module according to claim 32, wherein said work surface includes at least one storage space for an accessory. 35. The module according to claim 34, wherein said storage space comprises one of a pencil holder and a cup holder. 36. The module according to claim 31, wherein said support includes a storage space for an accessory. 37. The module according to claim 36, wherein said storage space of said support is adapted to hold a communication device. 38. The module according to claim 31, wherein said support includes at least one light assembly for illuminating an interior portion of the vehicle 39. The module according to claim 38, wherein said light assembly illuminates said work surface. 40. The module according to claim 33, wherein said support comprises a frame with an opening, said work surface being pivotably mounted to said frame in said opening. 41. The module according to claim 37, wherein said opening is adapted to align with a window of the vehicle whereby an occupant of the vehicle can view exteriorly of the vehicle through said opening of said frame when said work space is pivoted to said operative position. 42. The module according to claim 41, wherein said frame further includes a sun-shade movable to cover at least a portion of said opening of said frame when said work surface is pivoted to said operative position to thereby provide a shade for an occupant of the vehicle. 