A mobile visual display system including one or more vehicles, and equipped with an external display panel and an internal display panel, capable of delivering changeable messages e.g., LED, liquid crystal, etc., and a programmable on-board controller CPU, which drives the display panels to provide a viewable message. The controller CPU ascertains that the vehicle is within a predefined geographic zone, which can be customized for each message and drives external display to generate a message selected for public viewing. The message is displayed on external display, pursuant to a schedule stored on a database, which includes date, time of day and display duration while the vehicle is within the zone or until the vehicle is located in another zone which is not within the message schedule.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An intelligent vehicle safety system, comprising: (a) an intelligent on-board mechanism, said mechanism comprising: (i) a wireless receiver for receiving an instruction; (ii) a driver module for being activated by said wireless receiver upon receipt of said instruction; (iii) a computational device for monitoring a state of said driver module; and (iv) a display for displaying messages received by said wireless receiver; and (b) an intelligent remote control device for controlling said intelligent mechanism, said intelligent remote control device comprising a wireless transmitter for transmitting said instruction to said wireless receiver. 2. The system of claim 1, further comprising a range finder distance sensor for measuring the distance between said on-board mechanism and other vehicles in close proximity to said on-board mechanism. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein said intelligent on-board mechanism controls the engine of the vehicle. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein said display is solar powered. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein said system works autonomously to the engine of the vehicle. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein said system is programmed to shut off after a predetermined time. 7. A method for enhancing vehicle safety with advertising capabilities comprising: a. Providing a system and apparatus including: b. Performing the steps: i. storing an electronic message within a memory of a computer, the electronic message including information for identifying an intended recipient of the electronic message, the computer being bidirectionally coupled to a data communications network; ii. transferring information to the computer, the transferred information including a portion that contains an identification of an occupant of the vehicle; iii. in response to the portion of the transferred information matching the information of a stored one of the electronic messages that identifies the intended recipient of the electronic message, retrieving the stored one of the electronic messages and transmitting the retrieved electronic message from the computer to said display; iv. receiving the electronic message and displaying electronic message on said display; and v. presenting the received electronic message to the occupant of the vehicle. 