A system and method for accessing and displaying weather information are shown. A weather station (102) collects weather information data from sensors (108-114) using a collection program and assembles the data as a data string in a memory. A station access system (140) is used to call the weather station through the Internet (150) and a wireless cellular digital packet data system (154). The weather station downloads the weather data string to a data base (164). A user contacts the access computer through the Internet using his personal computer (170) to ask for the weather information. The information is compiled from the data base and transmitted to the user's display (172) over the Internet. A user such as a farmer can also supply the system with his particular field and crop conditions and the system will apply the conditions to the weather information and return customized crop production and control information to the farmer over the Internet.
Claims We claim: 1. A method for controlling irrigation, comprising: providing at least one cellular weather station having: a data to radio frequency conversion system; at least one sensor; and, a computer having a memory and a collection program; providing a public cellular telephone system; placing said at least one cellular weather station in an area served by said public cellular telephone system; using said collection program to collect weather information data from said at least one sensor and compiling said weather information data into at least one weather data string and storing said at least one weather data string in said memory; providing a server system having a data base and a compilation program; providing an Internet network; coupling said public cellular telephone system and said server system to said Internet network; said at least one cellular weather station periodically sending said at least one weather data string by means of said data to radio frequency conversion system and said public cellular telephone system through said Internet network to said data base; providing a personal computer having a display means; coupling said personal computer to said Internet network; using said personal computer to provide a user's irrigation block configurations to said server system through said Internet network; and, said server system combining said user's irrigation block configurations with said weather information in said data base to create irrigation control information and displaying said irrigation control information on said personal computer display means. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein said step of providing said user's irrigation block configurations includes the steps of entering the irrigation block name, the crop type, the crop constant, and the weather station nearest the irrigation block. 3. The method of claim 2, wherein said step of combining said user's irrigation block configurations with said weather information to create irrigation control information includes computation of the number of hours of irrigation time. 4. The method of claim 3, wherein said number of hours of irrigation time is substantially computed using the algorithm: hours=(ETc.times.27,160).d- iv.[(trees/acre).times.(gallons/tree/hour)] all minus effective rain. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein said step of providing a personal computer having a display means includes said display means having a means to query said server system to call said at least one cellular weather station for weather information and displaying the weather information, further including: said means to query calling said server system; said server system calling said at least one cellular weather station; and, said at least one cellular weather station sending said weather information; and, said display means displaying said weather information. 6. The method of claim 1, said step of providing at least one cellular weather station further including a battery and solar panel for providing the electrical power requirements for said at least one cellular weather station. 7. The method of claim 1, further including: said step of providing a server system having a station access system: said station access system periodically calling said portable cellular weather station through said Internet network and public cellular telephone network; and, said at least one cellular weather station sending said at least one weather data string in response to said call. 8. A cellular weather station and computer system using the public cellular telephone system and the Internet network for controlling irrigation, comprising: at least one cellular weather station having: a data to radio frequency conversion system; at least one sensor; and, a computer having a memory and a collection program for collecting weather information data from said at least one sensor and compiling said weather information data into at least one weather data string and storing said at least one weather data string in said memory; a public cellular telephone system; a server system having a data base and a compilation program; an Internet network coupled to said server system and said public cellular telephone system; said at least one cellular weather station for periodically sending said at least one weather data string by means of said data to radio frequency conversion system and said public cellar telephone system through said Internet network to said data base; a personal computer having a display means and coupled to said Internet network for entering a user's irrigation block configurations in said server system through said Internet network; and, said server system for combining said user's irrigation block configurations with said weather information in said data base to create irrigation control information and displaying said irrigation control information on said personal computer display means. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein said display means for entering a user's irrigation block configurations includes a means for entering the irrigation block name, the crop type, the crop constant, and the weather station nearest the irrigation block. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein said combining said user's irrigation block configurations with said weather information to create irrigation control information includes computation of the number of hours of irrigation time. 11. The system of claim 10, wherein said irrigation time is substantially the number of hours computed using the algorithm: hours=(ETc.times.27,160- ).div.[(trees/acre).times.(gallons/tree/hour)] all minus effective rain. 12. The system of claim 8, wherein said personal computer display means has a means to query said server system to call said at least one cellular weather station for weather information and displaying the weather information. 13. The system of claim 8, said at least one cellular weather system further including a battery and solar panel for providing the electrical power requirements for said at least one cellular weather station. 14. The system of claim 8, further including said server system having a station access system for periodically calling said portable cellular weather station through said Internet network and public cellular telephone network and said at least one cellular weather station sending said at least one weather data string in response to said call. 15. A method for monitoring equipment, comprising: providing at least one cellular equipment monitoring and weather station having: a data to radio frequency conversion system; at least one equipment sensor; and, a computer having a memory and a collection program; providing a public cellular telephone system; placing said at least one cellular weather station in an area served by said public cellular telephone system; using said collection program to collect equipment information data from said at least one equipment sensor and compiling said equipment information data into at least one equipment data string and storing said at least one equipment data string in said memory; providing a server system having a data base and a compilation program; providing an Internet network; coupling said public cellular telephone system and said server system to said Internet network; said at least one cellular weather station periodically sending said at least one equipment data string by means of said data to radio frequency conversion system and said public cellular telephone system through said Internet network to said data base; providing a personal computer having a display means; coupling said personal computer to said Internet network; using said personal computer to provide a user's equipment configurations to said server system through said Internet network; and, said server system combining said user's equipment configurations with said equipment information in said data base to create equipment control information and displaying said equipment control information on said personal computer display means. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein said step of providing a personal computer having a display means includes said display means having a means to query said server system to call said at least one cellular equipment monitoring and weather station for equipment information and displaying the equipment information, further including: said means to query calling said server system; said server system calling said at least one cellular equipment monitoring and weather station; and, said at least one cellular equipment monitoring and weather station sending said equipment information; and, said display means displaying said equipment information. 17. The method of claim 15, further including: said step of providing a server system having a station access system: said station access system periodically calling said portable cellular equipment monitoring and weather station through said Internet network and public cellular telephone network; and, said at least one cellular equipment monitoring and weather station sending said at least one equipment information data string in response to said call. 18. A cellular equipment monitoring and weather station and computer system using the public cellular telephone system and the Internet network for controlling irrigation, comprising: at least one cellular equipment monitoring and weather station having: a data to radio frequency conversion system; at least one equipment sensor; and, a computer having a memory and a collection program for collecting equipment information data from said at least one sensor and compiling said equipment information data into at least one equipment information data string and storing said at least one equipment information data string in said memory; a public cellular telephone system; a server system having a data base and a compilation program; an Internet network coupled to said server system and said public cellular telephone system; said at least one cellular weather station for periodically sending said at least one equipment information data string by means of said data to radio frequency conversion system and said public cellar telephone system through said Internet network to said data base; a personal computer having a display means and coupled to said Internet network for entering a user's equipment configurations in said server system through said Internet network; and, said server system for combining said user's equipment configurations with said equipment information in said data base to create equipment control information and displaying said equipment control information on said personal computer display means. 19. The system of claim 18, wherein said personal computer display means has a means to query said server system to call said at least one cellular equipment monitoring and weather station for equipment information and displaying the equipment information. 20. The system of claim 18, further including said server system having a station access system for periodically calling said portable cellular equipment monitoring and weather station through said Internet network and public cellular telephone network and said at least one cellular equipment monitoring and weather station sending said at least one equipment information data string in response to said call. 