To improve the conversion efficiency of a power converter in a solar cell module in which a solar cell module main body containing a solar cell is integrated with a power converter for converting the output power from the solar cell module main body, a material having small thermal conductivity is used as a member (205) of a protective case for protecting the power converter to be fixed to the solar cell module main body containing the solar cell, thereby preventing easy conduction of heat from the solar cell module main body heated to high temperatures to a power conversion circuit (201). A material having large thermal conductivity is used as a member (206) of a protective case for fixing the power conversion circuit (201), thereby allowing easy radiation of heat generated in the power conversion circuit (201).
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A power converter comprising a power conversion circuit for converting an output from a photovoltaic element and outputting the converted output, and a protective case containing said power conversion circuit, wherein said protective case comprises: a first portion for fixing said protective case to a predetermined portion of a photovoltaic element module having said photovoltaic element; and a second portion for fixing said power conversion circuit, and said first and second portions are made of materials different in thermal conductivity. 2. The converter according to claim 1, wherein the thermal conductivity of the material of said first portion is smaller than that of the material of said second portion. 3. The converter according to claim 1, wherein the material of said first portion is a plastic material containing one member selected from the group consisting of polycarbonate, polyamide, polyacetal, modified PPO (PPE), polyester, polyallylate, unsaturated polyester, a phenolic resin, an epoxy resin, polybutyleneterephthalate, nylon, polypropyrene, polyvinyl chloride, and an ABS resin. 4. The converter according to claim 1, wherein the material of said second portion contains one member selected from the group consisting of an aluminum plate, stainless steel plate, zinc-plated steel plate, galvalume steel plate, titanium steel plate, and stainless steel plate. 5. The converter according to claim 1, wherein the material of said second portion is a resin mixed with a thermally conductive material. 6. The converter according to claim 5, wherein the thermally conductive material contains at least one of a metal powder, metal oxide, metal fibers, metal-coated glass beads, and synthetic fibers. 7. The converter according to claim 5, wherein the thermally conductive material contains at least one of Al, Cu, Ni, ZnO, SnO.sub.2, Ag, and stainless steel. 8. The converter according to claim 5, wherein the thermally conductive material contains at least one of carbon black, carbon fibers, and graphite. 9. The converter according to claim 5, wherein the material of said first portion is a plastic material containing one member selected from the group consisting of polycarbonate, polyamide, polyacetal, modified PPO (PPE), polyester, polyallylate, unsaturated polyester, a phenolic resin, an epoxy resin, polybutyleneterephthalate, nylon, polypropyrene, polyvinyl chloride, and an ABS resin. 10. The converter according to claim 1, wherein said power conversion circuit is fixed in contact with a surface of said second portion. 11. The converter according to claim 1, wherein said power conversion circuit is fixed away from said second portion. 12. The converter according to claim 1, wherein said power conversion circuit is fixed to said second portion by using fixing means. 13. The converter according to claim 12, wherein said fixing means is mechanical fixation using a screw or fixation using an adhesive or filler. 14. The converter according to claim 1, wherein an adhesive or filler is packed between said protective case and said power conversion circuit. 15. The converter according to claim 1, wherein said power converter is an inverter which converts DC power into AC power. 16. The converter according to claim 1, wherein said power conversion circuit is mounted on a substrate having a metal core. 17. The converter according to claim 1, wherein said power converter is a DC/DC converter which converts DC power into another DC power having a different voltage. 18. The converter according to claim 1, wherein said photovoltaic element contains one member selected from the group consisting of a silicon semiconductor, compound semiconductor, single-crystal silicon, polysilicon, amorphous silicon, and thin-film polysilicon. 19. The converter according to claim 1, wherein said photovoltaic element is filled with a transparent insulating member and contained in a main body of said photovoltaic element module. 20. The converter according to claim 1, wherein said insulating member is transparent to one member selected from the group consisting of an ethylene-vinyl acetate copolymer (EVA), ethylene-methyl acrylate copolymer (EMA), ethylene-ethyl acrylate copolymer (EEA), and polyvinyl butyral resin. 21. A photovoltaic element module comprising: a power converter comprising a power conversion circuit for converting an output from a photovoltaic element and outputting the converted output, and a protective case containing said power conversion circuit; and a photovoltaic element module main body having said photovoltaic element, wherein said protective case comprises: a first portion for fixing said protective case to a predetermined portion of said photovoltaic element module having said photovoltaic element; and a second portion for fixing said power conversion circuit, and said first and second portions are made of materials different in thermal conductivity. 22. A power generator using a photovoltaic element module comprising: a power converter comprising a power conversion circuit for converting an output from a photovoltaic element and outputting the converted output, and a protective case containing said power conversion circuit; and a photovoltaic element module main body having said photovoltaic element, wherein said protective case comprises: a first portion for fixing said protective case to a predetermined portion of said photovoltaic element module having said photovoltaic element; and a second portion for fixing said power conversion circuit, and said first and second portions are made of materials different in thermal conductivity. 23. The generator according to claim 22, wherein said power generator comprises a plurality of photovoltaic element module main bodies, and said plurality of photovoltaic element module main bodies are connected to said power converter. 