A solar powered vapor compression refrigeration system is made practicable with thermal storage and novel control techniques. In one embodiment, the refrigeration system includes a photovoltaic panel, a variable speed compressor, an insulated enclosure, and a thermal reservoir. The photovoltaic (PV) panel converts sunlight into DC (direct current) electrical power. The DC electrical power drives a compressor that circulates refrigerant through a vapor compression refrigeration loop to extract heat from the insulated enclosure. The thermal reservoir is situated inside the insulated enclosure and includes a phase change material. As heat is extracted from the insulated enclosure, the phase change material is frozen, and thereafter is able to act as a heat sink to maintain the temperature of the insulated enclosure in the absence of sunlight. The conversion of solar power into stored thermal energy is optimized by a compressor control method that effectively maximizes the compressor's usage of available energy. A capacitor is provided to smooth the power voltage and to provide additional current during compressor start-up. A controller monitors the rate of change of the smoothed power voltage to determine if the compressor is operating below or above the available power maximum, and adjusts the compressor speed accordingly. In this manner, the compressor operation is adjusted to convert substantially all available solar power into stored thermal energy.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A refrigeration system which comprises: an enclosure having an interior space; phase-change material situated in said interior space; a photovoltaic panel configured to provide electrical power having a DC voltage; and a compressor electrically connected to the photovoltaic panel to receive electrical power at said DC voltage, wherein the compressor is configured to circulate refrigerant through a first heat exchanger to cool the refrigerant, through a constriction configured to sustain a pressure drop, and through a second heat exchanger to extract heat from said interior space. 2. The refrigeration system of claim 1, further comprising: a pump configured to circulate a fluid through the second heat exchanger to cool the fluid, and through a third heat exchanger to extract heat from the phase change material. 3. The refrigeration system of claim 1, wherein at least a portion of the second heat exchanger is situated adjacent to the phase change material. 4. The refrigeration system of claim 1, wherein the phase-change material mass, when solidified, is sufficient to maintain the interior space of the enclosure substantially at a phase-change temperature for more than 36 hours. 5. The refrigeration system of claim 1, wherein the phase-change material comprises water. 6. The refrigeration system of claim 1, further comprising a capacitor coupled to the compressor to smooth variations in said DC voltage. 7. The refrigeration system of claim 6, wherein the compressor is a variable speed compressor, and wherein the refrigeration system further comprises a controller configured to monitor the DC voltage and to regulate the compressor speed to run the compressor at a substantially maximum available power. 8. The refrigeration system of claim 7, wherein the controller is configured to receive a temperature signal indicative of a temperature of the interior space of the enclosure, and wherein the controller is configured to halt the compressor if the temperature falls below a lower temperature limit. 9. The refrigeration system of claim 7, further comprising an alternate energy source, wherein the controller is configured to receive a temperature signal indicative of a temperature of the interior space of the enclosure, and wherein the controller is configured to enable the alternate energy source if the temperature rises above an upper temperature limit. 10. The refrigeration system of claim 7, wherein the controller is configured to calculate a voltage rate-of-change magnitude, wherein the controller is configured to increment the compressor speed when the voltage rate-of-change magnitude is below a predetermined threshold, and wherein the controller is configured to decrement the compressor speed when the voltage rate-of-change magnitude is above a predetermined threshold. 11. The refrigeration system of claim 1, wherein the compressor has a direct electrical connection to the photovoltaic panel. 12. The refrigeration system of claim 1, wherein the compressor is a DC powered, variable speed compressor, the output of which is responsive to an amount of received solar radiation. 13. A solar powered apparatus which comprises: a variable speed motor; a power source which converts light into electrical power having a DC voltage; a power bus coupled to the power source and configured to provide electrical power at said DC voltage to the variable speed motor; and a controller coupled to the power bus to detect said DC voltage and coupled to the variable speed motor to provide a speed control signal, wherein the controller is configured to adjust the speed control signal to maximize usage of the electrical power from the power source. 14. The solar powered apparatus of claim 13, wherein the variable speed motor turns a compressor. 15. The solar powered apparatus of claim 14, wherein the compressor is configured to circulate refrigerant through a vapor-compression refrigeration cycle to store thermal energy by inducing a phase change in a phase-change material included in a thermal reservoir. 16. The solar powered apparatus of claim 13, wherein the controller determines a time derivative of said DC voltage, wherein the controller increases the motor speed if the derivative is above a predetermined threshold, and wherein the controller decreases the motor speed if the derivative is below the predetermined threshold. 17. The solar powered apparatus of claim 13, wherein the controller determines a secondorder time derivative of said DC voltage, and wherein the controller increases the motor speed if the second-order derivative is above a predetermined threshold, and wherein the controller decreases the motor speed if the second-order derivative is below the predetermined threshold. 18. The solar powered apparatus of claim 17, further comprising a capacitor coupled in parallel with the power source. 19. A method for extracting maximum power from a power-limited, direct current (DC) power source having a capacitive characteristic, wherein the method comprises: measuring a power voltage; determining an unsigned rate of change for said power voltage; incrementing a rate of power extraction from said power source if said unsigned rate of change is less than a predetermined threshold; and decrementing a rate of power extraction from said power source if said unsigned rate of change is greater than the predetermined threshold. 20. The method of claim 19, wherein incrementing the rate of power extraction includes adjusting a compressor speed upward, and wherein decrementing the rate of power extraction includes adjusting the compressor speed downward. 21. The method of claim 20, wherein decrements to the compressor speed are at least twice as large as increments to the compressor speed. 22. The method of claim 20, wherein the compressor speed is adjusted downward by an amount proportional to the unsigned rate of change. 23. A solar powered compressor control method which comprises: acquiring samples of a power voltage; determining a first unsigned rate of change for said power voltage; determining a subsequent unsigned rate of change for said power voltage; incrementing a compressor speed if said first unsigned rate of change is greater than the subsequent unsigned rate of change; and decrementing the compressor speed if said first unsigned rate of change is less than the subsequent unsigned rate of change. 24. The method of claim 23, wherein decrements to the compressor speed are at least twice as large as increments in the compressor speed. 25. The method of claim 23, wherein the compressor speed is adjusted by an amount related to the subsequent unsigned rate of change. 26. A solar powered refrigeration apparatus, comprising: a compressor; a solar powered electrical power source electrically connected to said compressor; a thermal energy storage device having communication with said compressor; and control means, associated with said power source, for accumulating electrical power derived from said power source and for conducting accumulated electrical power, and continuous electrical power derived from said power source, to said compressor. 27. The solar powered refrigeration apparatus of claim 26, wherein the thermal energy storage device comprises a phase change material. 28. A control method for a solar powered refrigeration system having a compressor motor, which obtains a first DC current from a solar power source, and obtains a second DC current from a capacitance storage source, and conducts the first and second DC currents to said compressor motor for driving said motor during a "start-up" phase of said compressor motor, said method comprising the steps of: (A) monitoring system voltage of said compressor system; (B) determining whether the power required to drive said compressor system is greater than the power produced by said first power source; (C) upon determining that additional power is required to start said compressor system, drawing additional power from said capacitance source for starting said compressor motor; and, (D) subsequently, driving said compressor motor substantially by said first DC current. 29. The control method according to claim 28, wherein step (D) comprises driving said compressor at a decreased speed, relative to nominal, during a start-up period, thereafter driving said compressor at an increased speed. 30. A control method for a solar powered refrigeration system, which system obtains a first DC current from a solar power collector source, obtains a second DC current from a capacitive storage source, adds the first and second DC currents, and conducts the integrated currents to a load for operating said solar power collector source at its maximum power point, comprising the steps of: (A) operating said capacitance storage source as an energy buffer; (B) balancing the electrical load of said solar powered system with the power collecting capability of said solar collector; and, (C) achieving load balance by monitoring said solar powered system voltage and adjusting the system load in relation to said voltage. 31. The control method according to claim 30, wherein step (B) comprises the steps of: (a) determining if said system load requires more power than said solar collecting source is producing; (b) decreasing said load if said capacitor voltage is decreasing; (c) determining if said system load requires less power than said solar collecting source is producing; (d) increasing said load if said capacitor voltage is increasing; and, (e) subsequently maintaining the solar collecting source maximum operating and collecting capacity by adjusting said voltage levels through ongoing dithering of said load. 32. The control method of claim 31, wherein the steps (b) and (d) are accomplished by adjusting the speed of said motor. 33. A solar powered refrigeration apparatus, comprising: a vapor compression refrigeration system; a solar powered electrical power source electrically connected to said refrigeration system; an alternate electrical power source connected to said refrigeration system; a device which combines said power sources such that the refrigeration system can ran on any combination of the two sources; and a controller which electrically connects the vapor compression refrigeration system to both sources of electrical power and gives preference to the solar power source. 34. The apparatus of claim 33, wherein the alternate source is an alternating current (AC) power source. 35. A solar powered refrigeration apparatus which comprises: a compressor system; a solar powered electrical power source electrically connected to said compressor system; and a control means, associated with said solar power source, for accumulating electrical power derived from said solar power source, and for conducting accumulated electrical power and continuous power derived from said solar power source to said compressor system. 36. The apparatus of claim 35, wherein said control means includes a capacitive power storage means. 37. The apparatus of claim 35, wherein said solar power source is directly electrically connected to said compressor system during start-up of said compressor system. 38. The apparatus of claim 35, wherein said control means furter comprises means for increasing a level of power applied to said compressor during start-up of said compressor by applying both continuous power and an increased level of accumulated power to said compressor. 39. The apparatus of claim 35, wherein said control means comprises means for repeatedly adjusting, by means of motor speed adjustments, a load associated with said motor to enable said motor to use substantially all of the available power. 40. A power control system for efficiently applying power received from a solar collector array to an electric motor, wherein the system comprises: buffer circuitry connected to receive power from said solar collector array, the buffer circuitry including means for accumulating electrical power derived from said solar collector array; speed control means associated with said electric motor; and control circuitry associated with said buffer circuitry and said electric motor for repetitively monitoring the motor load and available power available from both said solar collector array and said buffer circuitry, and for adjusting said speed control means to cause said motor to utilize substantially all of the available power. 41. A solar powered apparatus which comprises: a variable speed motor; a power source which converts light into electrical power having a DC voltage; a power bus coupled to the power source and configured to provide electrical power at said DC voltage directly, without battery storage means, to the variable speed motor; and a controller coupled to the power bus to detect said DC voltage and coupled to the variable speed motor to provide a speed control signal, wherein the controller is configured to adjust the speed control signal to maximize usage of the electrical power from the power source. 