An apparatus and method for generating ozone is provided. An ozone generator comprises a substantially transparent element having ozone-generating means mounted on an inner element area and an outer element area. An enclosure is positioned over the element, and an oxygen-containing gas is directed through the inner element area, creating ozone from a portion of the oxygen-containing gas. The ozone and oxygen-containing gas is then redirected over the outer element area, so that the oxygen-containing gas is at least twice exposed to the ozone-generating means, thereby generating additional ozone.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An ozone generator comprising: a substantially transparent tube including two ends, with one end including an inlet for oxygen-containing gas; an inner mesh electrode arranged about an inner surface of the tube; an outer mesh electrode arranged about an outer surface of the tube, the outer and inner mesh electrodes selectively communicating with an electrical ground and an electrical power source, thereby forming a multiplicity of ozone-creating electric arcs that generate ozone in the oxygen-containing gas; a substantially transparent jacket structured to enclose the tube and electrodes, the jacket including a gas exit; a housing structured to enclose the jacket, the housing including a fluid inlet and a fluid exit; and an ozone return line coupled to the gas exit and the housing, so that a fluid passing through the housing is simultaneously exposed to ozone and an ultraviolet radiation produced by the ozone-creating electric arcs. 2. The ozone generator of claim 1, wherein an inner surface of the housing is structured to reflect a radiation generated by the electric arcs. 3. The ozone generator of claim 1, further comprising a reflective surface located on an inner surface of the housing, the reflective surface selected from the group consisting of: a polished inner surface of the housing, stainless steel, aluminum, copper, silver, gold and films of any one of stainless steel, aluminum, copper, silver and gold. 4. The ozone generator of claim 1, wherein the multiplicity of ozone-creating electric arcs radiate wavelengths between about 150 nanometers to about 270 nanometers. 5. The ozone generator of claim 1, wherein at least one of the tube and the jacket are comprised of a material selected from the group consisting of: fused silica, fused quartz, synthetic fused silica, and vitreous silica. 6. The ozone generator of claim 1, wherein at least one of the tube and the jacket transmit wavelengths between about 160 nanometers to about 300 nanometers. 7. The ozone generator of claim 1, wherein at least one of the inner and outer mesh electrodes is selected from the group consisting of: 304 stainless steel, 316 stainless steel, 316L stainless steel, 405 stainless steel and titanium. 8. The ozone generator of claim 1, wherein at least one of the inner and outer mesh electrodes is selected from the group consisting of: number 10 mesh and number 14 mesh. 9. The ozone generator of claim 1, wherein the electrical power source is selected from the group of power sources consisting of devices with a voltage output that can range from 6 kilovolts to over 25 kilovolts, with an output frequency that can range from 50 hertz to over 2,000 hertz, and a power level that an range from 1 kilowatt to 4 kilowatts 10. The ozone generator of claim 1, wherein the ozone return line is coupled to the fluid inlet. 11. A floatable ozone generator comprising: a floatable housing including an air inlet; a jacket located within the housing, the jacket including an open end and a substantially closed end having a jacket exit; a substantially transparent tube located within the jacket, the tube structured to allow passage of an oxygen-containing gas; an inner mesh electrode arranged about an inner surface of the tube; an outer mesh electrode arranged about an outer surface of the tube, the outer and inner mesh electrodes selectively communicating with an electrical ground and an electrical power source, thereby forming a multiplicity of ozone-creating electric arcs; and an ozone outlet coupling the jacket exit to a floatable housing exit. 12. The floatable ozone generator of claim 10, further comprising an aerator coupled to the ozone outlet. 13. The floatable ozone generator of claim 10, further comprising an aerator coupled to the ozone outlet, the aerator structured to aerate a fluid with ozone received from the ozone outlet. 14. The floatable ozone generator of claim 10, wherein the floatable housing is structured to suspend the floatable housing on a surface of water. 15. The floatable ozone generator of claim 10, wherein an inner surface of the floatable housing is structured to reflect a radiation generated by the electric arcs. 16. The floatable ozone generator of claim 10, further comprising a reflective surface located on an inner surface of the floatable housing, the reflective surface selected from the group consisting of: a polished inner surface of the housing, stainless steel, aluminum, copper, silver, gold and films of any one of stainless steel, aluminum, copper, silver and gold. 17. The floatable ozone generator of claim 10, wherein the floatable housing is configured to float on a fluid surface. 18. An ozone generator comprising: a housing including an air inlet; a jacket located within the housing, the jacket including an open end and a substantially closed end having a jacket exit; a substantially transparent tube including two open ends located within the jacket; an inner mesh electrode arranged about an inner surface of the tube; an outer mesh electrode arranged about an outer surface of the tube, the outer and inner mesh electrodes selectively communicating with an electrical ground and an electrical power source, thereby forming a multiplicity of ozone-creating electric arcs; and an ozone outlet coupling the jacket exit to a housing exit. 19. The ozone generator of claim 18, further comprising an aerator coupled to the ozone outlet. 20. The ozone generator of claim 18, further comprising an aerator coupled to the ozone outlet, the aerator structured to aerate a fluid with ozone received from the ozone outlet. 21. The ozone generator of claim 18, further comprising a float structured to suspend the housing adjacent on a surface of water. 22. The ozone generator of claim 18, further comprising a heat transfer element coupled to the ozone outlet and an aerator located in a fluid, the heat transfer element structured to transfer heat from the ozone to the fluid. 23. The ozone generator of claim 22, wherein the heat transfer element is selected from the group consisting of: hoses, tubes, pipes, substantially hollow elements, and other suitable heat transfer devices. 24. The ozone generator of claim 18, wherein an inner surface of the housing is structured to reflect a radiation generated by the electric arcs. 25. The ozone generator of claim 18, further comprising a reflective surface located on an inner surface of the housing, the reflective surface selected from the group consisting of: a polished inner surface of the housing, stainless steel, aluminum, copper, silver, gold and films of any one of stainless steel, aluminum, copper, silver and gold. 26. An ozone generator comprising: a plurality of substantially transparent tubes, each tube including two ends, with one end including an inlet for oxygen-containing gas; an inner mesh electrode arranged about an inner surface of the tube; an outer mesh electrode arranged about an outer surface of the tube, the outer and inner mesh electrodes selectively communicating with an electrical ground and an electrical power source, thereby forming a multiplicity of ozone-creating electric arcs; a jacket structured to enclose each tube, each jacket including a ozone outlet; and a fluid permeable housing structured to enclose the jackets, so that a fluid contacts each of the jackets. 27. The ozone generator of claim 26, further comprising an aerator coupled to each ozone outlet. 28. The ozone generator of claim 26, further comprising an aerator coupled to each ozone outlet, the aerator structured to aerate the fluid with ozone received from the ozone outlet. 29. The ozone generator of claim 26, wherein the fluid permeable housing is structured to suspend the ozone generator in the fluid. 30. The ozone generator of claim 26, wherein the jackets are arranged substantially vertically with a majority of the jackets submerged in the fluid, so that the fluid can transfer heat from the jackets to the fluid. 31. The ozone generator of claim 26, further including a cover coupled to the fluid permeable housing, the cover comprising a photovoltaic cell structured to generate electric current. 32. A method for generating ozone comprising the steps of: providing a substantially transparent element including ozone-generating means mounted on an inner element area and an outer element area; directing an oxygen-containing gas through the inner element area; and redirecting the oxygen-containing gas so that it passes over the outer element area, so that the oxygen-containing gas is at least twice exposed to the ozone-generating means. 33. The method for generating ozone of claim 32, wherein the ozone-generating means comprises: an inner mesh electrode arranged about the inner surface of the element; an outer mesh electrode arranged about the outer surface of the element, the outer and inner mesh electrodes selectively communicating with an electrical ground and an electrical power source, thereby forming ozone-generating ultraviolet radiation. 34. The method for generating ozone of claim 32, wherein the substantially transparent element is selected from the group consisting of: tubes, pipes, cylinders, and pipes having a non-circular cross-section. 35. A method for exposing a fluid to ozone comprising the steps of: providing a substantially transparent member including ozone-generating means mounted on an inner member area and an outer member area, the ozone-generating means producing an ultraviolet radiation; mounting a substantially transparent enclosure over the substantially transparent member; directing an oxygen-containing gas through the inner member area so that a least a portion of the oxygen-containing gas is converted to ozone, a portion of the ozone contained within the substantially transparent enclosure; mounting a housing over the substantially transparent enclosure; providing an ozone path between the enclosure and the housing; and introducing a fluid into the housing, the fluid exposed to the ozone and to the ultraviolet radiation generated by the ozone-generating means. 36. The method for exposing a fluid to ozone of claim 35, further comprising the step of: redirecting the oxygen-containing gas over the outer member area after directing the oxygen-containing gas through the inner member area, so that the oxygen-containing gas is exposed to the ozone-generating means at least twice. 37. An apparatus for generating ozone comprising: a substantially transparent element including ozone-generating means mounted on an inner element area and an outer element area; means for enclosing the substantially transparent element; means for directing an oxygen-containing gas through the inner element area; and means for redirecting the oxygen-containing gas over the outer element area, so that the oxygen-containing gas is at least twice exposed to the ozone-generating means. 38. The apparatus of claim 37, further comprising: means for directing a fluid into contact with the enclosure, the enclosure structured to expose the fluid to the ozone-generating means. 39. The apparatus of claim 37, wherein the enclosure is substantially transparent to ultraviolet radiation. 40. The apparatus of claim 38, further including means for directing an ozone created by the ozone-generating means into contact with the fluid, so that the fluid is exposed to both the ozone and the ozone-generating means. 