A recess which stores a photovoltaic cell module is provided on the top surface of a tile body arranged on a roof or the like of a house. A fitting section having a groove is formed by undercutting at least one side of the recess. An end portion of the photovoltaic cell module is inserted and fitted into the fitting section. The photovoltaic cell module is therefore detachably fixed in the recess of the tile body.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A photovoltaic cell module tile comprising: a tile body; a recess provided in a top surface of the tile body, which stores a photovoltaic cell module; and a fitting section which is provided in the recess and in which at least part of the photovoltaic cell module is fitted. 2. The photovoltaic cell module tile according to claim 1, wherein the fitting section is provided on an eaves side of the tile body, an eaves-side end portion of the photovoltaic cell module is inserted and fitted in the fitting section, and a pressure member which presses a ridge-side end portion of the photovoltaic cell module is provided on the eaves side of the tile body. 3. The photovoltaic cell module tile according to claim 1, wherein the fitting section is provided on each of three sides of the recess of the tile body, and an inserting section of the photovoltaic cell module is provided on a remaining one side of the recess. 4. The photovoltaic cell module tile according to claim 3, wherein an escape section for a terminal box provided in the photovoltaic cell module is provided in the recess of the tile body continuously from the inserting section when the photovoltaic cell module is inserted and fitted into the fitting section. 5. A photovoltaic cell module tile comprising: a tile body; a mounting section provided on the tile body, which mounts a photovoltaic cell module having a terminal box on an undersurface thereof; and a fixing member provided in the terminal box, which penetrates the mounting section of the tile body and fixes the photovoltaic cell module to the tile body under the mounting section. 6. The photovoltaic cell module tile according to claim 5, wherein the fixing member penetrates the mounting section of the tile body and is a tightening member comprising a bolt and a nut which fix the photovoltaic cell module to the tile body under the mounting section. 7. The photovoltaic cell module tile according to claim 5, wherein the bolt of the tightening member penetrates the mounting section protruded downward from the terminal box and the nut is screwed on the bolt under the mounting section. 8. The photovoltaic cell module tile according to claim 5, wherein the nut of the tightening member is provided in the terminal box, and the bolt penetrates the mounting section from below and is screwed on the bolt. 9. The photovoltaic cell module tile according to claim 5, wherein the fixing member comprises a fixing member body interposed between adjacent tile bodies of a plurality of tile bodies arranged, a pressure piece which is formed on an upper end portion of the fixing member body integrally with each other and which presses photovoltaic cell modules of adjacent tile bodies against the tile bodies, and a holding piece which is formed on a lower end portion of the fixing member body integrally with each other and which holds under the tile body. 10. The photovoltaic cell module tile according to claim 5, wherein part of the fixing member is fitted into a groove formed in the tile body to position and hold the fixing member. 11. The photovoltaic cell module tile according to claim 5, wherein the fixing member is fixed to the tile body by an adhesive or a screw. 12. The photovoltaic cell module tile according to claim 5, wherein the fixing member has a fitting section above and a stopping section below, the fitting section being fitted to the photovoltaic cell module and the stopping section mechanically stopping the tile body on the undersurface of the tile body. 13. The photovoltaic cell module tile according to claim 5, wherein the fixing member has a fitting section which is provided on the tile body and fitted to an eaves-side end portion of the photovoltaic cell module. 14. The photovoltaic cell module tile according to claim 5, wherein the fixing member has a fitting section which is provided on the tile body and penetrates a through portion formed in the photovoltaic cell module. 15. The photovoltaic cell module tile according to any one of claims 5 to 14, wherein the tile body includes a pressure member which presses and fixes a ridge-side end portion of the photovoltaic cell module. 16. The photovoltaic cell module tile according to claim 5, wherein the tile body has a penetrating hole, and the hole serves as both a hole which drains rainwater or the like entering a recess and a hole penetrating the fixing member. 