A data processing system has first and second components that together perform a system functionality. The first and second components each have a respective power source. When the components are attached to each other, the power source of one of the components serves as a charger for the power source of the other component. When detached from each other, the components can communicate wirelessly with one another.
Claims What is claimed is 1. A data processing system comprising: a first component with a first power source; and a second component with a second power source; wherein: the first power source serves as a charger of the second power source when the first and second components are attached to each other; and the second power source powers the second component when detached from the first component. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein: the first and second components implement a first system functionality when attached; and the first and second components implement the first system functionality when detached. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein: the first and second components implement a first system functionality when attached; and at least the second component implements a second system functionality when detached from the first component. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein: the system comprises a cell phone; and the second component comprises a headset. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein: the second component comprises a display monitor. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the second power source is charged by the first power source in a contactless manner. 7. The data processing system of claim 1, forming part of a PAN. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein the first power source comprises a battery. 9. A mobile data processing system with first and second components having first and second power sources, respectively, and wherein the first power source charges the second power source when the components are detachably attached to each other. 10. A module for use in a data processing system, the system comprising a first component with a first power source; wherein: the module comprises a second component with a second power source; the first power source serves as a charger of the second power source when the first and second components are attached to each other; and the second power source powers the second component when the module is detached from the first component. 11. The module of claim 10, wherein: the system comprises a cellphone; the second component comprises a headset. 12. The module of claim 10, wherein the system comprises a PC and wherein the second component comprises a display monitor. 13. The module of claim 10, having a solar cell. 14. The module of claim 10, comprising a UI for user-control of the system. 