In a system for feeding direct current into the alternating current network having a plurality of active inverters, which are in each case connected at their input sides to at least one direct current generator, and a measurement device, it is proposed to provide switching elements for carrying out a switching operation. According to the proposal, the switchover operation effects a separation of at least one current generator from a first inverter and a connection of this/these current generator(s) to a second inverter. To initiate the switchover operation, a control device is provided, which specifies the conditions necessary for initiating a switchover operation.
Claims 1. System for feeding direct current into the alternating current network having at least two active inverters, which are in each case characterised by optimum input performance and in each ase are connected at their input side to at least one direct current generator of fluctuating output power, and a measurement device, characterised in that switching elements for carrying out a switchover operation are provided, and the switchover operation effects a separation of at least one current generator from a first inverter and a connection of this/these current generator(s) to a second inverter, a control device for initiating the switchover operation is provided, and the initiation of the switchover operation is dependent on the fulfilling of a condition, which can be specified by the control device. 2. System for feeding current according to claim 1, characterised in that the condition is satisfied when the measurement device ascertains that the actual input power applied to a second inverter has fallen to a value which is below the optimum input power by an amount which corresponds to the total of the output powers of n current generators connected to a first inverter, n being a natural number whose smallest value is equal to 1 and whose maximum value is equal to the number of all the current generators connected to the first inverter, and n being specifiable by the control device. 3. System for feeding current according to claim 2, characterised in that the switchover operation effects a separation of n current generators from a first inverter and a connection of these n current generators to a second inverter. 4. System for feeding current according to claim 2 or 3, characterised in that n is equal to 1 or to the number of all the current generators connected to the first inverter. 5. System for feeding current according to one of claims 1 to 4, characterised in that the switchover operation is carried out for all inverters and current generators whose input and output powers satisfy the condition. 6. System for feeding current according to one of claims 1 to 5, characterised in that each inverter is connected at its input side to a current generator and the inverters and the current generators are in each case of identical construction to one another. 7. System for feeding current according to one of claims 1 to 6, characterised in that, with increasing output powers of the direct current generators, the control device reverses the switchover operations carried out with decreasing output powers of the direct current generators in the opposite sequence. 8. System for feeding current according to one of the preceding claims, characterised in that the control device has switches, by means of which the input sides of the active inverters can be electrically disconnected from one another. 9. Use of the system for feeding current according to one of the preceding claims, characterised in that the system is used for the production and conversion of current with photovoltaic elements. 