An inflatable, mutifunction, mutipurpose, parabolic reflector apparatus having a plurality of manufactured parabolic mirrors made from a pressure-deformable reflective covering of an inflatable ring for focusing electromagnetic energy from radio frequency radiation (RF) through the ultraviolet radiation (UV) and solar energy for (1) heating and cooking, for (2) electrical power generation, for (3) enhancing the transmission and reception of radio signals, for (4) enhancing vision in low-light environments, and for (5) projection of optical signals or images. The device also has non-electromagnetic uses, such as the collection of water. A first main embodiment utilizes two reflective membranes. A second main embodiment utilizes a reflective membrane and a transparent membrane. Portability is enhanced by complete collapsing of the inflatable device.
Claims We claim: 1. A multi-function, multi-purpose apparatus for use as a radiant electromagnetic energy concentrating, focusing and beaming apparatus comprising: a ring, said ring being tubular and inflatable, said ring defining a vacant circular center; a first inflation valve disposed in said ring for inflating said ring; at least two pressure-deformable membranes extending across the center of said ring, said membranes and said ring defining at least one inflatable reflector chamber, at least one of said membranes having a second inflation valve extending therethrough for inflating said reflector chamber. 2. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein each said valve is a flexible tube closed by a closure means selected from the group consisting of an affixed flexible plug, a flexible ziplock valve, a clamp, and a tie. 3. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising at least one accessory device attached to said ring, the accessory device being selected from the group consisting of: a pair of handles; an apertured tab for hanging the apparatus when in storage; a pair of tying straps; a storage pouch for storing the deflated and folded apparatus; and a pair of pouches for filling with dense material to stabilize the apparatus. 4. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising at least one fastener device attached to said ring, the fastener device being selected from the group consisting of a clevis, a clip, a bracket, a mounting stud, a line, and hook and loop fastening patches. 5. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein one of said pressure-deformable members includes a socket for receiving accessory equipment. 6. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the plurality of inflatable pressure-deformable membranes are two reflecting membranes defining a sub-ambient pressurized reflector chamber. 7. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said ring has at least one access port and each of said membranes have at least one port for filling the apparatus with material. 8. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein one of said membranes has a centered port for collecting rain. 9. The apparatus according to claim 8, wherein said centered port is a funnel having a conduit inserted in a collection container. 10. The apparatus according to claim 1, further including one or more additional rings attached to and above said ring support to increase the volume capacity of the apparatus. 11. The apparatus according to claim 1, further including a gutter attached to said ring, said gutter having a drain conduit for collecting precipitation. 12. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising a plurality of elastic bands attached to a surface of at least one of said membranes to cause wrinkling as a safety feature. 13. The apparatus according to claim 1, further including a cover attached to at least one point of said ring as a safety means, said cover being rollable into a retracted position. 14. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising patches having cross-hairs positioned in the center of each of said membranes for aiming and alignment. 15. The apparatus according to claim 1, further including: a rigid hemispherical hollow support for supporting said ring; and a second support ring for supporting said hemispherical support. 16. The apparatus according to claim 1, further including a support having two inflatable linear tubes of equal length, each of said tubes having connected compartments with individual inflation valves, for adjusting their height, and weight containable pouches at a lower end for supporting said ring. 17. The apparatus according to claim 1, further including a support attached to said ring and having hooks or ridges for supporting a kettle and a rotisserie rod, wherein the apparatus focuses solar radiation to a combination rotisserie and kettle. 18. The apparatus according to claim 1, further including a safety cage attached to said ring, said safety cage including a foldable framework of rigid semi-circular elements. 19. The apparatus according to claim 1, further including a wire truss for connecting to an electrical wire of a receiver or transmitter. 20. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said ring and said membranes are formed from a flat pattern of at least four sheets. 21. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the at least two membranes include at least one reflecting membrane and at least one transparent membrane defining a super-ambient pressurized reflector chamber. 22. The apparatus according to claim 21, wherein each said valve is a flexible tube closed by a closure means selected from the group consisting of an affixed flexible plug, a flexible ziplock valve, a clamp, and a tie. 23. The apparatus according to claim 21, further comprising at least one accessory device attached to said ring, the accessory device being selected from the group consisting of: a pair of handles; an apertured tab for hanging when in storage; a pair of tying straps; a storage pouch for storing the deflated and folded apparatus; and a pair of pouches for filling with dense material to stabilize the apparatus. 24. The apparatus according to claim 21, wherein the transparent membrane is positioned on top having a centered first valve, the reflective membrane is positioned below to form a convex-convex reflecting lens chamber, and the ring support has a second valve. 25. The apparatus according to claim 24, wherein said ring is made of two preformed half-ring pieces and joined to the reflecting membrane and transparent membrane at a juncture of the joined half-ring pieces. 26. The apparatus according to claim 21, wherein an upper half of the apparatus is made from one transparent membrane and joined to a bottom half of one reflective membrane to form the reflector chamber and said ring support. 