An object of the present invention is to provide an improved structure of highly fine bight valve device. On a quartz glass substrate 1 and a monocrystalline silicon thin film layer z bonded on the quartz glass substrate 2, are provided an X diving circuit 6 and a Y driving circuit 8 integrated by a very large scale integration process, driving electrodes 5 of a matrix type for conduction signals outputted from the X driving circuit 6 and the Y driving circuit 8, a transistor 9 and a display pixel electrode 10 arranged at a cross-section of the driving electrodes 5 of a matrix type, a control circuit 4 for supplying timing signals to the X driving circuit 6 and the Y driving circuit 8, and a display data generating circuit 3 for generating display data in order to display an image, and further a light source element driving circuit 19 for driving a light source element is provided thereon. A liquid crystal layer 16 is sealed in a gap between the first transparent substrate and the second transparent substrate with a sealing agent 15. The sealing agent 15 is composed of, for example, an adhesive resin which is stiffened by ultraviolet irradiation, and is supplied along a predetermined seal region 18. The present invention provides an improved enforced structure of the light valve device having high reliability, convenience to use, a very compact size, high density and high accuracy.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A light valve device including an electrooptic cell in which a composite substrate including a semiconductor monocrystalline thin film formed on an insulating substrate, an opposite substrate opposed to the composite substrate, and an electrooptic material between the composite substrate and the opposite substrate are provided; wherein a pixel section and a driving circuit section are formed on the composite substrate; the driving circuit section is formed in the semiconductor monocrystalline thin film; the pixel section includes an X electrode group, a Y electrode group crossing the X electrode group, and a thin film transistor and a pixel electrode at each cross-section of the X electrode group and the Y electrode group; the driving circuit section includes an X electrode driving circuit for supplying display data signals to the X electrode group, and a Y electrode driving circuit for supplying scanning signals to the Y electrode group; the electrooptic cell includes the electrooptic material which is excited when the display data signals and the scanning signals selectively energizes the pixel electrode through the thin film transistor. 2. A light valve device as claimed in claim 1, wherein a control circuit is formed on the composite substrate, and timing signals are output to the driving circuit from the control circuit. 3. A light valve device as claimed in claim 2, wherein the Y electrode driving circuit and the control circuit are arranged on either side of the pixel section respectively on the composite substrate. 4. A light valve device as claimed in claim 1, wherein a display data generating circuit is formed on the composite substrate, and the display data generating circuit inputs image signals to output display signals to the driving circuit section. 5. A light valve device as claimed in claim 4, wherein the display data generating circuit further comprises a RGB conversion circuit, a synchronization separation circuit, and the control circuit, the RGB conversion circuit inputs the image signals to output RGB display signals to the driving circuit section, the synchronization separation circuit outputs synchronization signals to the control circuit, and the control circuit outputs timing signals to the driving circuit section. 6. A light valve device as claimed in claim 4, wherein the display data generating circuit further comprises an A/D conversion circuit, the A/D conversion circuit converts video signals contained in the image signals into digital video signals, the driving circuit section includes a D/A conversion circuit, the D/A conversion circuit converts digital display data signals into analog display data signals. 7. A light valve device as claimed in claim 2, wherein the driving circuit section includes two X electrode driving circuits, the two X electrode driving circuits are disposed on either side of the pixel section respectively on the composite substrate. 8. A light valve device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the composite substrate and the counter substrate are adhered with a seal region with to provide a gap between the two substrates, the electrooptic material is sealed in the gap, the seal region is formed so as to at least overlap the driving circuit section formed on the composite substrate. 9. A light valve device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the composite substrate is further formed of a receiving circuit, the display data generating circuit, and the control circuit, the receiving circuit receives the image signals transmitted by radio waves to output the video signals and the synchronization signals, the display data generating circuit inputs the video signals to output display signals to the driving circuit section, and the control circuit inputs the synchronization signals to output the timing signals to the driving circuit section. 10. A light valve device as claimed in claim 1, wherein a light source element is formed on backside of the electrooptic cell, a light source element driving circuit for driving the light source element is formed on the composite substrate constituting the electrooptic cell, and intensity of light irradiated on the electrooptic cell is controlled by the light source element driving circuit. 11. A light valve device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the electrooptic cell is integrally contained in a package section on which connector terminals, a window is formed on the package section corresponding to the pixel section of the electrooptic cell, and the connector terminals and the electrooptic cell are electrically connected to each other. 12. A light valve device as claimed in claim 11, wherein a light source element is integrally contained in the package section to be formed, the electrooptic cell and is irradiated on by light from the light source element. 13. A light valve device as claimed in claim 11, wherein the package section is formed of a non-light-penetrating material, the window section is formed of a light-penetrating material, and the driving circuit section on the composite substrate is formed on a peripheral portion of the electrooptic cell and shielded by the package section. 14. A light valve device as claimed in claim 11, wherein the connector terminals are provided so as to from a lateral surface of the package section in a parallel direction with a surface of the electrooptic cell. 15. A light valve device as claimed in claim 11, wherein the connector terminals are provided in so as to protrude from a lateral surface of the package section a vertical direction to a surface of the electrooptic cell. 16. A light valve device as claimed in claim 11, wherein the package section includes cooling fins on its outer surface. 17. A light valve device as claimed in claim 11, wherein the window section is mounted with an infrared ray filter for cutting off infrared ray. 18. A light valve device as claimed in claim 11, wherein the package section is provided with through holes through which coolant flows in and out for cooling the electrooptic cell. 19. A light valve device as claimed in claim 11, wherein the package section is provided with a recess for detachably mounting the electrooptic cell, and the electrooptic cell is attached in the recess. 20. A light valve device as claimed in claim 1, wherein a micro-lens array is disposed in an outer portion of the electrooptic cell. 21. A light valve device as claimed in claim 20, wherein each micro-lens constituting the micro-lens array is disposed corresponding to each pixel electrode of the pixel section, and an incident light is converged by the mirco-lens to irradiate on the pixel electrode. 22. A light valve device as claimed in claim 20, wherein the micro-lens array is adhesively fixed to the electrooptic cell by a transparent bonding agent, a refractive index of the transparent bonding agent is smaller than that of the micro-lens array. 23. A light valve device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the light valve device further comprises a optically addressed type light valve cell, a light is irradiated on the electrooptic cell, an image displayed on the electrooptic cell is projected on the optically addressed type light valve cell, and the projected image is stored in the optically addressed type light valve cell. 24. A light valve device as claimed in claim 23, wherein ferroelectric liquid crystal is sandwiched by a pair of transparent substrates in the optically addressed type light valve cell; on an inner surface of at least one transparent substrate of the pair of transparent substrates, are formed a transparent electrode layer, a photoconductive film, a dielectric mirror layer, and the an alignment film for aligning ferroelectric liquid crystal sequentially from the substrate surface; and on an inner surface of the other substrate are formed, a transparent electrode layer and an alignment film sequentially from the substrate surface 25. A binocular stereoscopic image display device, comprising; two electrooptic cells; and a light source provided behind the electrooptic cells for irradiating on the electrooptic cells with light, wherein, the electrooptic cells comprises a composite substrate in which a semiconductor monocrystalline thin film is formed on an insulating substrate; an opposite substrate provided opposed to the insulating substrate; an electrooptic material provided between the composite substrate and the opposite substrate; a pixel section and driving circuit are formed on the composite substrate; the driving circuit section is formed in the semiconductor monocrystalline thin film; the pixel section includes an X electrode group, a Y electrode group intersecting with the X electrode group, and thin film transistors and pixel electrodes provided on a cross-section of the X electrode group and the Y electrode group; a driving circuit section includes a X electrode driving circuit for supplying display data signals to the X electrode group and a Y electrode driving circuit for supplying scanning signals to the Y electrode group; and the electrooptic cells selectively energizes the pixel electrodes through the thin film transistors by the display data signals and the scanning signals to excite the electrooptic material. 26. A stereoscopic image display device as claimed in claim 25, wherein a receiving circuit, a display data generating circuit, and a control circuit are further formed on the composite substrate, the receiving circuit receives image signals transmitted by radio waves to output video signals and synchronization signals, the display data generating circuit inputs the video signals to output display signals to the driving circuit section, and the control circuit inputs the synchronization signals to output timing signals to the driving circuit section. 27. A stereoscopic image display device as claimed in claim 25, wherein the electrooptic cell and the light source are integrally contained in a package section including connector terminals, and corresponding to the pixel section of the electrooptic cell a window section is formed on a part of package section under which the electrooptic cell is contained, and the connector terminals and the electrooptic cell are electrically connected. 28. An image projector comprising: a light source, an electrooptic cell, and a projection optical system; wherein the electrooptic cells includes a composite substrate in which a semiconductor monocrystalline thin film is formed on an insulating substrate, an opposite substrate provided opposed to the insulating substrate, and an electrooptic material provided between the composite substrate and the opposite substrate; a pixel section and a driving circuit section are formed on the composite substrate; the driving circuit section is formed in the semiconductor monocrystalline thin film; the pixel section includes an X electrode group, a Y electrode group intersecting with the X electrode group, and thin film transistors and pixel electrodes provided on a cross-section of the X electrode group and the Y electrode group; the driving circuit section includes a X electrode driving circuit for supplying display data signals to the X electrode group and a Y electrode driving circuit for supplying scanning signals to the Y electrode group; and the electrooptic cells selectively energizes the pixel electrodes through the thin film transistors by the display data signals and the scanning signals to excite the electrooptic material. 29. An image projector as claimed in claim 28, wherein a micro-lens array is disposed on an outer portion of the electrooptic cell. 30. An image projector as claimed in claim 29, wherein each micro-lens constituting the micro-lens array is disposed corresponding to each pixel electrode of the pixel section, and an incident light from the light source is converged by the micro-lens to irradiate on the pixel electrode. 31. An image projector as claimed in claim 28, wherein a light shield and reflection means is provided for shielding and reflecting a light incident on thin film transistors of the pixel section from the light source. 32. An image projector as claimed in claim 28, wherein the electrooptic cell is integrally contained into a package section provided with connector terminal, a window is formed on the package section corresponding to a pixel section of the electrooptic cell, and the connector terminals and the electrooptic cell are electrically connected each other. 33. An image projector as claimed in claim 32, wherein the package section is formed of a non-light-penetrating material, and the window section penetrates a light, the driving circuit section on the composite substrate is formed in a peripheral portion of the electrooptic cell, and shielded by the package section. 34. An image projector as claimed in claim 32, wherein a cooling means for cooling the electrooptic cell is provided on the package section. 35. An image projector as claimed in claim 35, wherein a inflow through hole for introducing a coolant is formed on the package section, which is a cooling means for letting the coolant into the package section to cool the electrooptic cell. 36. An image projector as claimed in claim 35, wherein the cooling means introduces the coolant through the flow through hole into the package to compress the coolant, the coolant is adiabatically expanded inside the package to cool the electrooptic cell. 37. An image projector as claimed in claim 28, wherein a solar cell is formed on the composite substrate, and an incident light is photoelectrically transferred to supply a power supply voltage to the driving circuit section. 38. An image projector as claimed in claim 28, wherein the image projector further comprises an optically addressed type light valve cell, a light irradiates the electrooptic cell, an image displayed on the electrooptic cell is projected on the optically addressed type light valve cell, the projected image is written on the optically addressed type light valve cell, a light irradiates the optically addressed type light valve cell from the light source, and the written image is projected. 39. An image projector as claimed in claim 37, wherein a ferroelectric liquid crystal is sandwiched by a pair of transparent substrates in the optically addressed type light valve cell; on an inner surface of at least one transparent substrate of the pair of transparent substrates, are formed a transparent electrode layer, a photoconductive film, a dielectric mirror layer, and an alignment film for aligning the ferroelectric liquid crystal sequentially from the substrate surface, and on an inner surface of the other substrate are formed a transparent electrode layer and an alignment film sequentially from the substrate surface. 