An illumination device for a variety of commercial purposes that displays a message, logo or advertisement. The illumination device preferably includes a housing having a front component includes a transparent portion, a panel, a sealing means, and an outer edge, a back component which is removably connected to the front component, a connector, a light source, and a power source such a solar power assembly.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A removable illumination device that displays, comprising: a housing having a front component, a removable panel, and a back component, said front component is connected to said back component, said front component having an outer edge, said panel includes indicia which is to be illuminated, said panel is removed by a removable connector means, said front component of said housing including a transparent portion to permit said indicia on said panel to be illuminated therethrough; a plurality of suction cups extending from said front component of said housing for the attachment to a suitable surface; a light source for illuminating indicia on said panel, said back component of said housing being dimensioned and configured to receive said light source; and a power source, said power source connected to said light source to provide electricity for illumination. 2. The removable illumination device in claim 1, wherein said power source is selected from the group consisting of a connection to a cigarette lighter, a battery, and small solar panel assembly, or any combination thereof. 3. The removable illumination device in claim 1, wherein said power source is a solar power assembly. 4. The removable illumination device in claim 3, wherein said solar power assembly can be pivoted into alternative positions subjecting the cells of said solar power assembly to the best angle of light. 5. The removable illumination device in claim 2, wherein said power source is powered by a combination of a solar power assembly and at one rechargeable battery. 6. The removable illumination device in claim 5, wherein said solar power assembly can be pivoted into alternative positions subjecting cells of said solar power assembly to the best angle of light. 7. The removable illumination device in claim 1, further comprising a sealing means attached to said outer edge of said front component of said housing for the prevention of interior illumination. 8. The removable illumination device in claim 7, wherein said sealing means which is constructed and selected from the group consisting of rubber, rubber-like, foam, and plastic. 9. The removable illumination device in claim 1, further comprising a circuit switch adapted to turn said light source on and off. 10. The removable illumination device in claim 1, wherein said indicia on said panel includes a high gloss view during the daylight hours and said indicia is selected from the group consisting of a message, logo, advertisement, symbols, digits, and characters. 11. The removable illumination device in claim 1, wherein said front component and said back component of said housing includes a removable connection means selected from of the group consisting of a snap-like attachment, magnetic attachment, clasps, clamps, interlocking male/female threaded ends, and slotted. 12. The removable illumination device in claim 1, wherein said light source is selected from the group consisting of a light bulb assembly or an incandescent light assembly. 13. A removable illumination device that displays, comprising: a housing having a front component, a removable panel, and a back component, said front component is connected to said back component, said front component having an outer edge, said panel includes indicia which is to be illuminated, said panel is removed by a removable connection means, said front component of said housing including a transparent portion to permit said indicia on said panel to be illuminated therethrough; a plurality of suction cups extending from said front component of said housing for the attachment to a suitable surface; a light source for illuminating said panel, said back component of said housing being dimensioned and configured to receive said light source; and a power source, said power source includes a solar power assembly or a battery source or a combination thereof, wherein said solar power assembly is pivotably attached to said housing, wherein said solar power assembly can be pivoted into alternative positions subjecting cells of said solar power assembly to the best angle of light; said power source connected to said light source to provide electricity for illumination. 14. The removable illumination device in claim 13, wherein said sealing means is constructed and selected from the group consisting of rubber, rubber-like, foam, and plastic. 15. The removable illumination device in claim 13, further comprising a circuit switch adapted to turn said light source on and off. 16. The removable illumination device in claim 13, wherein said indicia on said panel includes a high gloss view during the daylight hours and said indicia is selected from the group consisting of a message, logo, advertisement, symbols, digits, and characters. 17. The removable illumination device in claim 13, wherein said front component and said back component further includes a removable connection means selected from of the group consisting of a snap-like attachment, magnetic attachment, clasps, clamps, and interlocking male/female threaded ends. 18. The removable illumination device in claim 13, wherein said front component of said housing is transparent to permit said indicia on said panel to be illuminated. 19. The removable illumination device in claim 13, wherein said light source is selected from the group consisting of a light bulb assembly or an incandescent light assembly. 20. The removable illumination device in claim 13, wherein said power source is alternatively selected from the group consisting of a connection to a cigarette lighter, a battery, and small solar panel assembly or any combination thereof. 21. A removable illumination device a housing having a top section, bottom section, front component, a panel, and a back component, said front component is connected to said back component, said front component having an outer edge, said panel includes indicia which is to be illuminated, said front component of said housing including a transparent portion to permit said indicia on said panel to be illuminated therethrough; at least one connector extending from said front component of said housing for the attachment to a suitable surface; a light source for illuminating indicia on said panel; and a power source, said power source is a solar panel assembly and said power source is connected to said light source to provide electricity for illumination. 22. The illumination device in claim 21, wherein said power source is powered by a combination of a solar power assembly and at least one rechargeable battery. 23. The illumination device in claim 21, wherein said solar power assembly further comprises a lens with a slight angle to allow for light to project upwards or inwards to illuminate its potential target. 24. The illumination device in claim 21, wherein said front component further comprises an outer frame. 25. The illumination device in claim 24, wherein said outer frame is a solar panel assembly. 26. The illumination device in claim 21, wherein said solar panel assembly includes at least one rechargeable battery within said assembly. 27. The illumination device in claim 21, wherein said housing is a unitary structure. 28. The illumination device in claim 21, wherein each said connector is selected from the group consisting of suction cups, screws, mounting brackets, and tape, or any combination thereof. 29. The illumination device in claim 21, wherein said housing further comprises a locking mechanism to prevent the device from theft. 30. The illumination device in claim 21, wherein said solar panel assembly is connected to the top section of said housing. 31. The illumination device in claim 1 and 28, wherein said bottom section further comprises at least one said mounting bracket. 32. The illumination device in claim 31, wherein said device is attachable to an antenna. 33. The illumination device in claim 30, said solar panel at said top section is dimensioned and configured into any shape, size or angle. 34. A removable illumination device comprising of a solar panel structure assembly including at least one solar panel, at least one rechargeable battery within said solar panel structure, and at least one light source. 35. The illumination device in claim 34, wherein said further comprises a lens with a slight angle to allow for light to project upwards or inwards to illuminate its potential target. 36. The illumination device in claim 34, wherein said device further comprises at least one attachment means selected from the group consisting of suction cups, screws, mounting brackets, and tape, or any combination thereof. 37. The illumination device in claim 34, wherein said device is connected to a housing having a top section, bottom section, front component, a panel, and a back component, said front component is connected to said back component, said front component having an outer edge, said panel includes indicia which is to be illuminated, said front component of said housing including a transparent portion to permit said indicia on said panel to be illuminated therethrough. 