A portable micro-organism inactivation system (1) comprising: a casing mounting (2), a UV radiation source (10), a pump (9), and releasable tube support (3) for supporting an elongate tube (4) to define a flow path extending therethrough which is substantially free of substantial discontinuities are provided by the present invention. The elongate tube (4) has a first portion (5) and a second portion (8) wherein the first portion (5) has a UV-transparent wall. The first portion (5) extends in close proximity to the UV radiation source (10) within an irradiation zone thereof while the second portion is interfaced with the pump (9) for pumping of fluid through the system (1) so that substantially the whole of said individual fluid unit is exposed to a similar micro-organism inactivating level of UV-irradiation, whilst minimising damage to the desired components thereof. The invention also provides a method of micro-organism inactivation in a fluid using a system of the invention.
Claims 1. A portable micro-organism inactivation system suitable for use with individual fluid units, comprising: a casing mounting a UV radiation source, pump means, and releasable tube support means; and an elongate tube having: a first portion with wall means of a UV-transparent material and having an internal diameter of up to 4 mm, and containing a static flow mixing means extending therealong with a multiplicity of mixer elements for repeatedly subjecting a fluid flow therethrough, in use of the system, to a mixing operation comprising dividing and remixing of the fluid flow substantially without inducing turbulence in said fluid flow, in use of the system; a second portion interfaced with said pump means for pumping of fluid therethrough by said means in use of the system; upstream and downstream ends provided with first and second coupling means respectively for releasable fluid-tight connection of said elongate tube, in use of the system, to an individual fluid unit container of fluid to be treated and to a treated fluid container for receiving treated fluid, respectively, and having a sterile interior, said releasable tube support means being formed and arranged for releasably supporting said elongate tube so as to define a flow path extending therethrough which is substantially free of substantial discontinuities so as to substantially avoid turbulence in fluid flowing therealong in use of the system, and with substantially only said first portion extending in close proximity to said UV radiation source within an irradiation zone thereof, and with said second portion interfaced with said pump means, said pump means being provided with a flow controller formed and arranged for limiting the flow of said fluid through said tube between predetermined flow rate limits so that in use of the system substantially the whole of said individual fluid unit is exposed to a similar micro-organism inactivating level of UV-irradiation, whilst minimising damage to the desired components thereof, and then collected in a said treated fluid container. 2. A system as claimed in claim 1 wherein said first portion has an internal diameter of from 0.1 to 4 mm. 3. A system as claimed in either one of claims 1 and 2 wherein the void volume in the system is from 1 to 10 ml. 4. A system as claimed in any one of claims 1 to 3 wherein the pump comprises a pump motor and drive transmission components which are isolated from the fluid to be treated. 5. A system as claimed in any one of claims 1 to 3 wherein said pump comprises an impeller disposed within said elongate tube, and drive means formed and arranged for driving said impeller within the elongate tube to pump, wherein the drive means is disposed externally of the elongate tube. 6. A system as claimed in any one of claims 1 to 4 wherein said pump is a diaphragm pump in which the second portion of the tube is connected via one-way inlet and outlet valves to a chamber having a diaphragm wall portion which is reciprocally displaceable by a pump motor and reciprocating drive output member inter-engaged with the outside of the diaphragm wall. 7. A system as claimed in any one of claims 1 to 4 wherein said pump is a peristaltic pump. 8. A system as claimed in any one of claims 1 to 7 wherein the pump means is formed and arranged so as to provide a fluid flow rate of not less than a minimum flow rate corresponding to a maximum fluid residence time within said irradiation area required for efficient mixing as indicated by the maintenance of a substantially linear relation between log.sub.10 kill and residence time which is obtained above said minimum flow rate and at a fluid flow rate not greater than a maximum fluid flow rate corresponding to a minimum residence time in said irradiation area required for effective inactivation of a said contaminating micro-organism by providing a desired log.sub.10 kill of said micro-organism, wherein said minimum residence time in said irradiation area is defined in accordance with the following relationship in which: 1 log 10 kill = K .times. Flux .times. Residence time OD .times. Tube Radius ,wherein: Flux indicates the amount of UV radiation incident on the passage containing the fluid flow in the irradiation area, in mW.cm.sup.-2; OD is the Optical Density of the fluid at the wavelength in the region where substantial virus inactivation takes place; K is an empirically derived constant; and Tube Radius is the internal radius of the vessel in the irradiation area, in centimetres, whereby in use of the system substantially the whole of the fluid may be exposed to a similar micro-organism inactivating level of UV-irradiation whilst minimising damage to the desired component(s) of the fluid. 9. A system as claimed in claim 8 wherein the pump means is formed and arranged to provide a fluid flow rate not greater than a fluid flow rate which provides a log.sub.10 kill of 4. 10. A system as claimed in any one of claims 1 to 9 wherein the elongate tube is formed from discrete sections forming said first and second portions, and one or more connector sections disposed therebetween which, in use, interconnect said first and second portions to each other to allow a said fluid flow therethrough. 11. A system as claimed in claim 10 wherein one or more of said one or more connector sections are formed from a flexible material. 12. A system as claimed in any one of claims 1 to 11 wherein the static flow mixing means comprises an elongate screw threaded member formed from alternate helical mixer elements of opposite handed screw thread. 13. A system as claimed in any one of claims 1 to 12 wherein the first portion of the tube is formed from a material having a UV-transmissibility of at least 50% at about 254 nm. 14. A system as claimed in any one of claims 1 to 13 wherein more than one length of said elongate tube is disposed in the irradiation zone adjacent the UV-radiation source lamp so that the first portion comprises a plurality of lengths of substantially UV transparent tubing containing static mixer elements, which lengths are inter-connected in series by connecting sections. 15. A system as claimed in any one of claims 1 to 14 wherein said system is powered by a portable power source selected from one or more of the group consisting of at least one battery, at least one rechargeable battery, at least one solar cell, and a manually driven dynamo. 16. A system as claimed in any one of claims 1 to 15 wherein the pump means is formed and arranged to provide at least one fluid flow rate in the range from 2 ml/min to 10 ml/min. 17. A method of inactivating micro-organisms in an individual fluid unit comprising the steps of: providing a system according to claim 1; coupling an individual fluid unit container containing a said individual fluid unit and a container having a sterile interior for receiving treated fluid, to the upstream and downstream ends of the elongate tube; and pumping said fluid from said individual unit fluid container through said elongate tube into said container for receiving treated fluid while irradiating the first portion of said tube with said UV-radiation source. 18. A method of obtaining a sterilised blood or blood product donation from a donor which method comprises the steps of: providing a blood or blood product donation collection apparatus having a sterile, blood or blood product receiving, container, and a micro-organism inactivating system of claim 1; coupling the upstream and downstream ends of the elongate tube of the microorganisms inactivating system in-line with the blood or blood product donation device upstream of said blood or blood product receiving container; and pumping said fluid from the donor through said elongate tube into said, blood or blood product receiving, container while irradiating the first portion of said tube with said UV irradiation source. 19. A method as claimed in either one of claims 17 and 18 which includes the preliminary step of mounting a previously unused said elongate tube in said releasable tube support means. 20. A method as claimed in any one of claims 17 to 19 wherein the fluid is pumped through said elongate tube at a fluid flow rate of not less than a minimum flow rate corresponding to a maximum fluid residence time within said irradiation area required for efficient mixing as indicated by the maintenance of a substantially linear relation between log.sub.10 kill and residence time which is obtained above said minimum flow rate and at a fluid flow rate not greater than a maximum fluid flow rate corresponding to a minimum residence time in said irradiation area required for effective inactivation of a said contaminating micro-organism by providing a desired log.sub.10 kill of said micro-organism, wherein said minimum residence time in said irradiation area is defined in accordance with the following relationship in which: 2 log 10 kill = K .times. Flux .times. Residence time OD .times. Tube Radius ,wherein: Flux indicates the amount of UV radiation incident on the passage containing the fluid flow in the irradiation area, in mW.cm.sup.-2; OD is the Optical Density of the fluid at the wavelength in the region where substantial virus inactivation takes place; K is an empirically derived constant; and Tube Radius is the internal radius of the vessel in the irradiation area, in centimetres, whereby in use of the system substantially the whole of the fluid may be exposed to a similar micro-organism inactivating level of UV-irradiation whilst minimising damage to the desired component(s) of the fluid. 21. A method as claimed in claim 20 wherein the maximum flow rate is selected so as to give a log.sub.10 kill of at least 4. 22. A method as claimed in any one of claims 17 to 21 wherein the fluid is pumped through said elongate tube at a fluid flow rate in the range from 2 ml/min to 10 ml/min. 23. A method as claimed in any one of claims 17 to 22 which includes a preliminary step of determining a minimum flow rate at which efficient mixing is achieved in said elongate tube of said system, which preliminary step comprises the steps of: adding a marker virus to a sample of said fluid prior to pumping said fluid sample through a first portion of a said elongate tube of predetermined internal diameter and length; pumping said fluid with added marker virus through said elongate tube; varying the flow rate of the fluid through the elongate tube from a predetermined low value to a predetermined high value and other flow rates in between these predetermined low and high flow rate values; collecting an irradiated fluid sample for each said flow rate; determining the degree of virus inactivation for each irradiated fluid sample; plotting the degree of virus inactivation against the residence time of each irradiated fluid sample, wherein efficient mixing is defined as being in a range where the degree of virus inactivation has a linear correlation extending from the origin and said minimum flow rate is taken to be the flow rate value at the beginning of the linear region of said range. 24. A method as claimed in claim 23 wherein said predetermined low value flow rate is selected to be 2 ml/minute and said predetermined high value flow rate is selected to be 100 ml/minute. 25. A method as claimed in either one of claims 23 and 24 wherein bacteriophage .O slashed..times.174 is used as said virus marker. 