An improved solar collector pipe that directly conveys fluid to be heated and collects and transfers solar energy efficiently and directly to the internal fluid, thereby maximizing both the amount of energy transmitted to the internal fluid and the peak temperature attainable by that fluid. The solar collector pipe includes a transparent portion for admitting solar energy into the solar collector pipe. Internal to the solar collector pipe is an absorbing portion for absorbing solar energy. A conduit portion is also included and comprises a reflecting surface thereon for reflecting solar energy received through the transparent portion onto the absorbing portion. The transparent portion, the conduit portion, and the absorbing portion together define at least one fluid passageway for conveying the fluid.
Claims 1. A solar collector pipe for conveying fluid to be heated and for removing heated fluid, the solar collector pipe comprising: a transparent portion for admitting solar energy into the solar collector pipe; an absorbing portion internal to the solar collector pipe for absorbing solar energy; and a conduit portion comprising a reflecting surface thereon for reflecting solar energy received through the transparent portion onto the absorbing portion; wherein the transparent portion, the conduit portion, and the absorbing portion together define at least one fluid passageway for conveying the fluid. 2. The solar collector pipe of claim 1, wherein the transparent portion is integrally joined to the conduit portion. 3. The solar collector pipe of claim 1, wherein the transparent portion forms one of an arc shape, a cambered shape, a parabolic shape, a catenary shape, and a semi-elliptical shape in cross-section. 4. The solar collector pipe of claim 1, wherein the absorbing portion is on a vertical center axis of the solar collector pipe. 5. The solar collector pipe of claim 1, wherein a lower portion of the absorbing portion contacts the reflecting surface and an upper portion of the absorbing portion contacts the transparent portion. 6. The solar collector pipe of claim 5, wherein the absorbing portion is integrally joined to the transparent portion and the conduit portion. 7. The solar collector pipe of claim 1, wherein the upper portion of the absorbing portion forms one of an I-shape, a T-shape, and a Y-shape. 8. The solar collector pipe of claim 1, wherein the conduit portion further comprises opposing wall portions on either side of a vertical center axis of the solar collector pipe that together form one of an ogive shape, a dropped ogive shape, an equilateral ogive shape, a lancet ogive shape, an arc shape, a cambered shape, a parabolic shape, a catenary shape, and a semi-elliptical shape in cross-section. 9. The solar collector pipe of claim 1, wherein the conduit portion further comprises opposing wall portions on either side of a vertical center axis of the solar collector pipe that comprise: a locking tab protruding outwardly from a first opposing wall portion; and at least one opposing tab slot defined by a second opposing wall portion, wherein the at least one opposing tab slot is configured to receive the locking tab of a different solar collector pipe in removable engagement. 10. The solar collector pipe of claim 9, wherein the at least one opposing tab slot comprises a plurality of tab slots configured to receive the locking tab of the different solar collector pipe in removable engagement such that the different solar collector pipe may be positioned to account for a plurality of structural angles. 11. A mounting bracket for removably mounting a solar collector pipe against a structure, the mounting bracket comprising: a base for removably coupling the mounting bracket to the structure; and opposing engaging members on either side of a vertical center axis of the mounting bracket that together form one of an ogive shape, a dropped ogive shape, an equilateral ogive shape, a lancet ogive shape, an arc shape, a cambered shape, a parabolic shape, a catenary shape, and a semi-elliptical shape; wherein the opposing engaging members are coupled to the base and are configured to removably mount the solar collector pipe. 12. The mounting bracket of claim 11, wherein the opposing engaging members further comprise: a locking tab protruding outwardly from a first opposing engaging member; and at least one opposing tab slot defined by a second opposing engaging member, wherein the at least one opposing tab slot is configured to receive the locking tab of a different mounting bracket in removable engagement. 13. The mounting bracket of claim 12, wherein the at least one opposing tab slot comprises a plurality of tab slots configured to receive the locking tab of the different mounting bracket in removable engagement such that the different mounting bracket may be positioned to account for a plurality of structural angles. 14. The mounting bracket of claim 11, wherein the opposing engaging members further comprise upper retaining portions protruding inward towards the vertical center axis of the mounting bracket, the upper retaining portions configured to removably retain the solar collector pipe. 15. The mounting bracket of claim 11, wherein the base is positioned at an angle from a horizontal lower axis of the mounting bracket. 16. The mounting bracket of claim 15, wherein the angle is one of a 22.5.degree. angle and a 45.degree. angle. 17. The mounting bracket of claim 11, wherein the engaging members are integrally joined together at their lower portions, thereby forming a unitary engaging member, wherein the unitary engaging member is adjustable on the base between a plurality of angles. 18. A pipe connector for use with a solar collector pipe comprising: a body comprising at least one internal bore therethrough and three wall portions, wherein a first wall portion forms one of an arc shape, a cambered shape, a parabolic shape, a catenary shape, and a semi-elliptical shape, wherein second and third wall portions oppose one another on either side of a vertical center axis of the pipe connector and together form one of an ogive shape, a dropped ogive shape, an equilateral ogive shape, a lancet ogive shape, an arc shape, a cambered shape, a parabolic shape, a catenary shape, and a semi-elliptical shape; and at least two openings for inlet of fluid into and outlet of fluid out of the body; wherein at least one of the at least two openings is configured to mate with the solar collector pipe. 19. The pipe connector of claim 18, wherein the body forms an angular shape in the range of 0.degree. to 180.degree.. 20. The pipe connector of claim 18, wherein the body forms a T-shape. 21. The pipe connector of claim 18, wherein the body forms a Y-shape. 22. The pipe connector of claim 18, wherein the at least two openings are configured to mate with solar collector pipes. 23. The pipe connector of claim 18, wherein the at least one of the at least two openings is configured to mate with an end of the solar collector pipe in a tongue and groove arrangement. 24. The pipe connector of claim 18, wherein the at least one of the at least two openings forms a sleeve for receiving an end of the solar collector pipe inserted therein. 25. The pipe connector of claim 18, wherein one of the at least two openings forms a cylindrical sleeve for receiving an end of a cylindrical pipe inserted therein. 26. A solar energy collection system comprising at least two solar collector pipes in fluid flow communication with one another for conveying fluid to be heated and for removing heated fluid, the at least two solar collector pipes each comprising: a transparent portion for admitting solar energy therethrough; an absorbing portion therein for absorbing solar energy; and a conduit portion comprising a reflecting surface therein for reflecting solar energy received through the transparent portion onto the absorbing portion; wherein the transparent portion, the conduit portion, and the absorbing portion together define at least one fluid passageway for conveying the fluid. 27. The solar energy collection system of claim 26, wherein each transparent portion is integrally joined to each conduit portion. 28. The solar energy collection system of claim 26, wherein each transparent portion forms one of an arc shape, a cambered shape, a parabolic shape, a catenary shape, and a semi-elliptical shape in cross-section. 29. The solar energy collection system of claim 26, wherein each absorbing portion is on a vertical center axis of each of the at least two solar collector pipes. 30. The solar energy collection system of claim 26, wherein a lower portion of each absorbing portion contacts each reflecting surface and an upper portion of each absorbing portion contacts each transparent portion. 31. The solar energy collection system of claim 30, wherein each absorbing portion is integrally joined to each transparent portion and each conduit portion. 32. The solar energy collection system of claim 26, wherein the upper portion of each absorbing portion forms one of an I-shape, a T-shape, and a Y-shape. 33. The solar energy collection system of claim 26, wherein each conduit portion further comprises opposing wall portions on either side of a vertical center axis of each of the at least two solar collector pipes, wherein the opposing wall portions of each conduit portion together form one of an ogive shape, a dropped ogive shape, an equilateral ogive shape, a lancet ogive shape, an arc shape, a cambered shape, a parabolic shape, a catenary shape, and a semi-elliptical shape in cross-section. 34. The solar energy collection system of claim 26, wherein each conduit portion further comprises opposing wall portions on either side of a vertical center axis of each of the at least two solar collector pipes, wherein the opposing wall portions of each conduit portion comprise: a locking tab protruding outwardly from a first opposing wall portion; and at least one opposing tab slot defined by a second opposing wall portion, wherein the at least one opposing tab slot is configured to receive the locking tab of a different solar collector pipe in removable engagement. 35. The solar energy collection system of claim 34, wherein the at least one opposing tab slot comprises a plurality of tab slots configured to receive the locking tab of the different solar collector pipe in removable engagement such that the different solar collector pipe may be positioned to account for a plurality of structural angles. 36. The solar energy collection system of claim 26 further comprising at least one mounting bracket for removably mounting the at least two solar collector pipes against a structure. 37. The solar energy collection system of claim 36, wherein the at least one mounting bracket is positioned at one of a 22.5.degree. angle and a 45.degree. angle from a horizontal lower axis of the at least one mounting bracket. 38. The solar energy collection system of claim 36, wherein the at least one mounting bracket is adjustable between a plurality of angles. 39. The solar energy collection system of claim 26 further comprising at least one pipe connector for connecting the at least two solar collector pipes together in fluid flow communication. 40. The solar energy collection system of claim 39, wherein the at least one pipe connector is for connecting one of the at least two solar collector pipes together with a cylindrical pipe in fluid flow communication. 41. The solar energy collection system of claim 26, wherein the at least two solar collector pipes comprise a plurality of solar collector pipes. 42. The solar energy collection system of claim 41, wherein the plurality of solar collector pipes are integrally joined together in a fixed immovable relationship relative to each other in a unitary body. 43. The solar energy collection system of claim 26 further comprising a thermal storage device in fluid flow communication with the at least two solar collector and configured to store heated fluid. 44. The solar energy collection system of claim 26 further comprising a heat circulation system in fluid flow communication with the at least two solar collector pipes and configured to circulate heat in an area. 45. The solar energy collection system of claim 26 further comprising a pump in fluid flow communication with the at least two solar collector pipes and configured to circulate fluid through the at least two solar collector pipes. 46. A method of heating fluid comprising conveying the fluid to be heated through a solar collector pipe configured to admit solar energy to the fluid through a transparent portion such that the fluid is heated in any two of a direct manner, a direct reflective manner, and a conductive manner. 