A mailbox for residential or business use that sanitizes mail deposited within it. The mailbox is equipped with one or more sanitizing devices such as a UV light, an ultra-sound unit, a heating element, and/or a misting device that dispenses a bactericidal mist.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A mailbox for sanitizing mail, said mailbox comprising: a mailbox housing; and a sanitizing device installed within said mailbox-housing for rendering harmless infectious agents contained in pieces of mail deposited in said mailbox. 2. The mailbox of claim 1, wherein said sanitizing device is an ultra-violet (UV) light. 3. The mailbox of claim 2, wherein said ultra-violet (UV) light includes one or more lights. 4. The mailbox of claim 2, wherein said sanitizing device further includes an ultra-sound unit that is mounted within said mailbox. 5. The mailbox of claim 2, wherein said sanitizing device further includes a misting device that is mounted within said housing and that dispenses a bactericidal mist. 6. The mailbox of claim 2, wherein said sanitizing device further includes a heating element that is mounted on said mailbox so as to obtain a predetermined temperature within said mailbox when said heating element is in operation. 7. The mailbox of claim 1 further comprising an energy source for operating said sanitizing device. 8. The mailbox of claim 6, wherein said energy source includes one or more sources from the group consisting of electrical energy, solar energy, and wind energy. 9. A sanitizing kit for retrofitting a mailbox, said kit comprising a sanitizing device, an energy source, and a connecting cable for connecting said sanitizing device to said energy source. 10. The sanitizing kit of claim 9, wherein said sanitizing kit includes a sanitizing device, a mounting bracket for mounting said sanitizing device within said mailbox, and a power cable for connecting said sanitizing device to said energy source. 11. The sanitizing kit of claim 9, wherein said sanitizing device is a UV light. 12. The sanitizing kit of claim 9, wherein said sanitizing device is an ultra-sound unit. 13. The sanitizing kit of claim 9, wherein said sanitizing device is a heating element. 14. The sanitizing kit of claim 9, wherein said sanitizing device is a mister that dispenses bactericidal mist. 