Methods and apparatuses to determine the temperature profile of a wellbore using a fiber optic cable and an anchor are disclosed. Furthermore, a pressurized wellhead spool that couples to a standard Christmas tree structure on a well head to facilitate the injection of fiber optic cable into an oil and gas well is disclosed. The wellhead spool is portable and may be connected to fiber optic cable already located at the site, for quick connection to on-site instrumentation. A method of using the apparatuses disclosed to measure wellbore temperature at multiple depths of investigation is also disclosed.
Claims 1. A wellhead spool comprising: a connection to a wellhead; a sealed spool for storing fiber optic cable to be disposed down a wellbore; and an anchor coupled to the fiber optic cable, wherein the anchor is placed in an opening of the well head, and the fiber optic cable is released from the spool. 2. The wellhead spool of claim 1, further comprising a motor coupled to the spool to both release the fiber optic cable from and to return the fiber optic cable to the spool. 3. The wellhead spool of claim 2, wherein the motor is hydraulically driven. 4. The wellhead spool of claim 2, further comprising a counter coupled to the motor. 5. The wellhead spool of claim 4, wherein the counter tallies a number of rotations of the spool. 6. The wellhead spool of claim 4, wherein the counter tallies a length of the fiber optic cable. 7. The wellhead spool of claim 1, further comprising a solvent dispersal tube to clean the fiber optic cable upon return to the spool. 8. The wellhead spool of claim 1, further comprising a cable feed for coupling the fiber optic cable in the spool to other fiber optic cable. 9. The wellhead spool of claim 1, wherein the fiber optic cable enters the well bore vertically. 10. The wellhead spool of claim 1, further comprising a safety valve for coupling a cavity within the wellhead spool to the well bore, wherein the cavity attains a pressure of the well bore when the safety valve is opened. 11. The wellhead spool of claim 10, further comprising a bleed valve disposed on the wellhead spool to adjust the pressure of the cavity. 12. The wellhead spool of claim 1, wherein the fiber optic cable further includes at least one gas tube for operating the anchor. 13. The wellhead spool of claim 12, wherein the anchor further comprises: a piston coupled to a wall engagement mechanism; and a weight. 14. The wellhead spool of claim 1, wherein the anchor is remotely selectively engageable to a wall of the wellbore. 15. The wellhead spool of claim 1, wherein the wellhead is a subsea wellhead. 16. An apparatus to determine the temperature of a wellbore comprising: a fiber optic cable to be disposed down the wellbore; an anchor coupled to the fiber optic cable; wherein the anchor is selectively engageable to a wall of the wellbore; and wherein the fiber optic cable is adapted to measure the temperature along the length of the cable. 17. The apparatus of claim 16 further comprising a spool to store and dispense the fiber optic cable down the wellbore. 18. The apparatus of claim 17 wherein the spool is encapsulated within a compartment that is in communication with the wellbore. 19. The apparatus of claim 16 wherein the anchor is remotely selectively expandable to engage a wall of the wellbore. 20. The apparatus of claim 18 wherein the wellhead is a sub-sea wellhead. 21. The apparatus of claim 16 wherein the anchor has a retracted position and an extended position. 22. The apparatus of claim 21 wherein the anchor engages the wellbore and resists movement when in the extended position. 23. The apparatus of claim 21 wherein optical energy in combination with a photovoltaic cell is used to actuate the anchor from the retracted position to the extended position. 24. The apparatus of claim 21 further comprising a fluid conduit extending from the wellhead to the anchor. 25. The apparatus of claim 24 wherein the anchor includes a piston, the piston connected to an extension mechanism, the extension mechanism configured to actuate the anchor from the retracted position into the extended position when the pressure of a working fluid is increased in the fluid conduit. 26. The apparatus of claim 21 wherein the anchor includes a first rupture disc, the rupture disc configured to rupture and place the anchor in the extended position when a first predetermined pressure is achieved in the wellbore. 27. The apparatus of claim 26 wherein the anchor further includes a second rupture disc, the second rupture disc configured to rupture and place the anchor in the retracted position when a second predetermined pressure is achieved in the wellbore. 28. The apparatus of claim 21 wherein the anchor is actuated from the retracted position to the extended position by a mechanical profile located within the wellbore. 29. The apparatus of claim 28 wherein the mechanical profile is selected from the group consisting of nipple profiles, collar stops, and muleshoes. 30. The apparatus of claim 21 wherein the anchor further includes a timer, said timer configured to actuate the anchor from the retracted position to the extended position at a predetermined time interval. 31. The apparatus of claim 21 wherein the anchor further includes a pressure transducer and the anchor is retracted or extended when a given pressure signal is received by the pressure transducer. 32. A method comprising: mounting a wellhead spool in a sealable housing, the spool providing a fiber optic cable; coupling the fiber optic cable to an anchor; engaging the sealable housing to a wellhead of a well; opening a valve to a wellbore of the well; deploying the anchor and the fiber optic cable into the well bore; and coupling the fiber optic cable to a measuring instrument. 33. The method of claim 32, further comprising engaging the anchor to a wall of the well bore. 34. The method of claim 32, further comprising opening a safety valve to equalize a pressure between the sealable housing and the well bore. 35. The method of claim 34, further comprising opening a second valve to adjust the pressure in the sealable housing. 36. The method of claim 32, further comprising closing a safety valve to stop the flow of hydrocarbons to the sealable housing from the well bore. 37. The method of claim 36, further comprising opening a second valve to adjust the pressure in the sealable housing. 38. The method of claim 32, further comprising: connecting the wellhead spool to a motor; and operating the motor to wind and unwind the wellhead spool. 39. The method of claim 38, further comprising: returning the fiber optic cable to the wellhead spool; and removing the wellhead spool from the well head. 40. The method of claim 32, further comprising dispersing a solvent upon the fiber optic cable. 41. A method for determining the temperature of a wellbore, the method comprising: deploying a fiber optic cable assembly into the wellbore, the fiber optic cable assembly including an anchor and a conduit for transmitting optical energy, the anchor configured to engage and disengage the wellbore to restrict or allow movement of the cable assembly therethrough; engaging the wellbore with the anchor at a desired depth of investigation; measuring the temperature along the length of the conduit; and disengaging the anchor from the wellbore. 42. The method of claim 41 further comprising mounting a spool to a wellhead of the wellbore. 43. The method of claim 42 further including using the spool to deploy and retract the fiber optic cable assembly to and from the wellbore. 44. The method of claim 43 further including enclosing the spool in a compartment, the compartment having an interior, the interior being in fluid communication with the wellbore. 45. The method of claim 44 further including isolating the spool, the fiber optic cable assembly, and the interior of the compartment from atmospheric conditions. 46. The method of claim 45 further including equalizing the pressure of the interior of the compartment with the pressure of the wellbore. 47. The method of claim 44 wherein the wellhead is a sub-sea wellhead. 48. The method of claim 41 further including activating the engagement of the anchor by transmitting optical energy through the conduit. 49. The method of claim 41 further including activating the engagement of the anchor by transmitting gas through a gas tube located in the fiber optic cable assembly. 50. The method of claim 41 further including activating and deactivating the engagement of the anchor by setting a timing device to engage and disengage the wellbore at specified time intervals. 51. The method of claim 41 further including activating the engagement of the anchor by transmitting a pressure signal in the wellbore that is received by a pressure transducer associated with the anchor. 52. The method of claim 41 further including activating the engagement of the anchor by elevating the pressure in the wellbore to rupture a first rupture disc associated with the anchor. 53. The method of claim 41 further including deactivating the engagement of the anchor by elevating the pressure in the wellbore to rupture a second rupture disc associated with the anchor. 54. The method of claim 41 further including activating the engagement of the anchor by engaging the anchor to a mechanical profile located within the wellbore. 55. A method to measure the temperature of a wellbore at multiple depths of investigation, the method comprising: attaching an anchor to a fiber optic cable; the anchor configured to engage and disengage the wellbore to restrict or allow movement of the cable therethrough; deploying the fiber optic cable down the wellbore; engaging the wellbore with the anchor at a desired depth of investigation; pulsing light at a fixed wavelength from the fiber optic cable; measuring back-scattered wavelengths of the pulsed light; analyzing the wavelengths to determine a temperature profile at the desired depth of investigation; and disengaging the anchor from the wellbore. 