A vehicle system for transferring thermal energy in relation to a vehicle fluid includes at least one thermoelectric device, having at least two surfaces, concurrently dissipating thermal energy on a first surface and absorbing thermal energy on a second surface, mounted in proximity to a contained vehicle fluid so as to provide thermal communication between the contained vehicle fluid and either the cooler or the warmer surface of the thermoelectric device. Additionally, a method of cooling a vehicle fluid includes the steps of: (a) providing at least one thermoelectric device, having at least a first surface that changes temperature in a first direction upon activation of the thermoelectric device and a second surface opposing the first surface that changes temperature in an opposite direction upon activation of the thermoelectric device; (b) positioning the thermoelectric device such that the first surface is in thermal communication with a contained vehicle fluid; and (c) activating the thermoelectric device to develop a thermal gradient between the contained vehicle fluid and the first surface.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A vehicle system for transferring thermal energy in relation to a vehicle fluid comprising at least one thermoelectric device, having at least two surfaces, concurrently dissipating thermal energy on a warmer surface and absorbing thermal energy on a cooler surface, mounted in proximity to a contained vehicle fluid, and providing thermal communication between the contained vehicle fluid and at least one of the warmer and cooler surfaces of the thermoelectric device. 2. The vehicle system of claim 1, wherein the contained vehicle fluid is at least one of a vehicle lubricant, a vehicle fuel and a vehicle coolant. 3. The vehicle system of claim 1, wherein the contained vehicle fluid is a vehicle lubricant, which is at least one of a transmission fluid and an engine oil. 4. The vehicle system of claim 1, wherein the contained vehicle fluid is a vehicle coolant, which is at least one of a radiator fluid, an air conditioning fluid and water. 5. The vehicle system of claim 1, wherein the contained vehicle fluid is contained in at least one of a vehicle fluid reservoir and a vehicle fluid conduit. 6. The vehicle system of claim 5, wherein the contained vehicle fluid is at least one of a vehicle lubricant, a vehicle fuel and a vehicle coolant. 7. The vehicle system of claim 5, wherein the contained vehicle fluid is a vehicle lubricant, which is at least one of a transmission fluid and an engine oil. 8. The vehicle system of claim 5, wherein the contained vehicle fluid is a vehicle coolant, which is at least one of a radiator fluid, an air conditioning fluid and water. 9. The vehicle system of claim 5, wherein the vehicle system is mounted such that the cooler surface of the thermoelectric device is in thermal communication with the at least one of a vehicle fluid reservoir and a vehicle fluid conduit. 10. The vehicle system of claim 9, further comprising a feedback control system operatively coupled to the thermoelectric device for regulating the temperature of the contained vehicle fluid. 11. The vehicle system of claim 9, wherein the cooler surface of the thermoelectric device is adjacent to a vehicle fluid reservoir. 12. The vehicle system of claim 11, wherein the vehicle fluid reservoir includes a thermal energy transfer rod, extending at least partially therein, which is in thermal communication with the second surface of the thermoelectric device. 13. The vehicle system of claim 11, wherein the vehicle fluid reservoir includes a thermal energy transfer rod extending at least partially into the vehicle fluid reservoir, the thermal energy transfer rod being in thermal communication with a first heat transfer material block, the first heat transfer material block being in thermal communication with the cooler surface of the thermoelectric device. 14. The vehicle system of claim 11, further comprising a first heat transfer material block in thermal communication with the cooler surface of the thermoelectric device and including a heat transfer rod extending into the vehicle fluid reservoir. 15. The vehicle system of claim 9, further comprising a first heat transfer material block positioned between the contained vehicle fluid and the cooler surface of the thermoelectric device, such that the cooler surface of the thermoelectric device and the first heat transfer material block are in thermal communication, and such that the first heat transfer material block and the contained vehicle fluid are in thermal communication. 16. The vehicle system of claim 15, wherein the first heat transfer material block includes a vehicle fluid conduit extending therethrough for contained vehicle fluid flow. 17. The vehicle system of claim 16, wherein a vehicle fluid source feeds the contained vehicle fluid into the vehicle fluid conduit. 18. The vehicle system of claim 17, wherein the vehicle fluid conduit is separate from the first heat transfer material block. 19. The vehicle system of claim 17, wherein the vehicle fluid conduit includes a series of substantially parallel channels extending through the first block of heat transfer material block. 20. The vehicle system of claim 16, wherein the vehicle fluid conduit includes at least one channel. 21. The vehicle system of claim 20, wherein the channel runs in a serpentine path. 22. The vehicle system of claim 1, wherein the thermoelectric device is configured to operate off of a vehicle power source. 23. The vehicle system of claim 22, wherein the thermoelectric device is positioned such that the cooler surface is in thermal communication with the contained vehicle fluid. 24. The vehicle system of claim 22, wherein the thermoelectric device is positioned such that the warmer surface is in thermal communication with the contained vehicle fluid. 25. The vehicle system of claim 24, wherein the contained vehicle fluid is at least one of a vehicle lubricant, a vehicle fuel and a vehicle coolant. 26. The vehicle system of claim 24, wherein the cooler surface is in contact with the ambient environment. 27. The vehicle system of claim 24, further comprising a heat sink in contact with the cooler surface. 28. The vehicle system of claim 27, further comprising an electric fan adapted to direct airflow over the heat sink. 29. The vehicle system of claim 24, wherein the contained vehicle fluid is contained within at least the one of a vehicle fluid reservoir and a vehicle fluid conduit. 30. The vehicle system of claim 29, wherein the contained vehicle fluid is contained within a vehicle fluid reservoir and the vehicle fluid reservoir includes a protrusion extending therein in thermal communication with the warmer surface. 31. The vehicle system of claim 29, further comprising a feedback control system operatively coupled to the thermoelectric device for regulating the temperature of the contained vehicle fluid. 32. The vehicle system of claim 29, further comprising a first heat transfer material block positioned between the contained vehicle fluid and the warmer surface, such that the warmer surface and the first heat transfer material block are in thermal communication and such that the first heat transfer material block and the contained vehicle fluid are in thermal communication. 33. The vehicle system of claim 32, wherein the contained vehicle fluid is contained within a vehicle fluid reservoir and the vehicle fluid reservoir includes at least one thermal energy transfer rod, extending at least partially therein, which is in thermal communication with the first heat transfer material block. 34. The vehicle system of claim 33, wherein the first heat transfer material block includes the thermal energy transfer rod extending therefrom and into the vehicle fluid reservoir. 35. The vehicle system of claim 32, wherein the first heat transfer material block is adjacent to a vehicle fluid conduit. 36. The vehicle system of claim 29, further comprising a first heat transfer material block including a vehicle fluid conduit extending therethrough for the contained vehicle fluid to flow. 37. The vehicle system of claim 36, wherein the vehicle fluid conduit is separate from the first heat transfer material block. 38. The vehicle system of claim 36, wherein the vehicle fluid conduit includes a series of substantially parallel channels extending therethrough. 39. The vehicle system of claim 36, wherein the vehicle fluid conduit includes at least one channel. 40. The vehicle system of claim 39, wherein the channel runs in a serpentine path. 41. The vehicle system of claim 23, wherein the warmer surface is in contact with the ambient environment. 42. The vehicle system of claim 23, further comprising a heat sink in contact with the warmer surface. 43. The vehicle system of claim 23, further comprising an electric fan adapted to direct airflow over the heat sink. 44. An apparatus adapted to be mated with a vehicle fluid system comprising: a) a first heat transfer material block adapted to be in thermal communication with a contained vehicle fluid; b) a heat sink; and c) at least one ceramic wafered thermoelectric device, having at least a first and second surface, such that the first surface is in thermal communication with the first heat transfer material block and the second surface is in thermal communication with the heat sink. 45. The apparatus of claim 44, wherein the first heat transfer material block is adapted to be mounted to a closed vehicle fluid conduit. 46. The apparatus of claim 44, wherein the first heat transfer material block contains a conduit extending therethrough for contained vehicle fluid flow which is adapted to be mated with a closed vehicle fluid system and providing fluid communication therewith. 47. The apparatus of claim 44, further comprising a fluid conduit adapted to provide fluid communication with a vehicle fluid system and mounted to the first heat transfer material block so as to provide thermal communication between the fluid conduit and at least one of the first surface and second surface of the ceramic wafered thermoelectric device. 48. The apparatus of claim 44, wherein the first surface becomes warm relative to the second surface becoming cool as the ceramic wafered thermoelectric device is activated. 49. The apparatus of claim 44, wherein the second surface becomes warm relative to the first surface becoming cool as the ceramic wafered thermoelectric device is activated. 50. The apparatus of claim 44, further comprising an electric fan being mounted to the heat sink. 51. The apparatus of claim 50, wherein the electric fan and the ceramic wafered thermoelectric device are adapted to be powered from a vehicle power source. 52. The apparatus of claim 44, wherein the first heat transfer material block is adapted to be mounted to a vehicle fluid accumulation vessel. 53. The apparatus of claim 52, wherein the first heat transfer material block includes protrusions adapted to extend into the vehicle fluid accumulation vessel and provide thermal communication with the contained vehicle fluid within the vehicle fluid accumulation vessel. 54. The apparatus of claim 44, further comprising a vehicle fluid accumulation vessel adapted to be mounted to, and provide fluid communication with, a vehicle fluid system. 55. The apparatus of claim 54, wherein the vehicle fluid accumulation vessel includes a protrusion extending therein which is in thermal communication with the first heat transfer material block, adapted to provide thermal communication between the contained vehicle fluid and the first heat transfer material block. 56. A method of cooling a contained vehicle fluid comprising the steps of: a) providing at least one thermoelectric device having at least a first surface that changes temperature in a first direction upon activation of the thermoelectric device and a second surface opposing the first surface that changes temperature in an opposite direction upon activation of the thermoelectric device; b) positioning the thermoelectric device such that the first surface is in thermal communication with a contained vehicle fluid; and c) activating the thermoelectric device to develop a thermal gradient between the contained vehicle fluid and the first surface. 57. The method of claim 56, further comprising the step of monitoring the thermal energy of the contained vehicle fluid. 58. The method of claim 57, wherein the step of monitoring the thermal energy of the contained vehicle fluid is accomplished utilizing a feedback control system, and the step of activating the thermoelectric device is performed by the feedback control system according to a temperature control scheme. 59. The method of claim 56, wherein the step of developing a thermal gradient includes the steps of: a) transferring thermal energy away from the contained vehicle fluid to the first surface of the thermoelectric device; and b) transferring thermal energy within the thermoelectric device from the first surface to the second surface. 60. The method of claim 59, wherein the step of developing a thermal gradient includes the step of supplying power to the thermoelectric device. 61. The method of claim 59, further comprising the step of positioning the thermoelectric device such that the second surface is in thermal communication with the ambient environment. 62. The method of claim 56, further comprising the step of positioning the thermoelectric device between the contained vehicle fluid and a heat sink, such that the second surface is in thermal communication with the heat sink. 63. The method of claim 62, further comprising the step of directing airflow over the heat sink. 64. The method of claim 62, wherein the contained vehicle fluid is present in at least one of a vehicle fluid reservoir and a vehicle fluid conduit. 65. The method of claim 64, further comprising the step of directing airflow over the heat sink. 66. The method of claim 56, wherein the step of positioning the thermoelectric device includes the steps of positioning a heat transfer material block between a vehicle fluid conduit and the first surface, such that the heat transfer material block is in thermal communication with the vehicle fluid conduit and the first surface is in thermal communication with the heat transfer material block 67. The method of claim 66, wherein the step of positioning the thermoelectric device includes the step of positioning the first surface such that the first surface is in contact with the vehicle fluid conduit. 68. The method of claim 56, wherein the contained vehicle fluid is contained in a vehicle fluid reservoir and the step of developing a thermal gradient includes the step of positioning a heat transfer material block between the vehicle fluid reservoir and the first surface, such that the heat transfer material block is in thermal communication with the vehicle fluid reservoir and the first surface is in thermal communication with the heat transfer material block. 69. The method of claim 68, wherein the vehicle fluid reservoir includes a thermal energy transfer rod in thermal communication with the contained vehicle fluid and in thermal communication with the heat transfer material block. 70. The method of claim 56, wherein the contained vehicle fluid is contained in a vehicle fluid conduit and the step of positioning the thermoelectric device includes the step of positioning the first surface such that the first surface is in contact with the vehicle fluid conduit. 71. The method of claim 56, wherein the step of positioning the thermoelectric device includes the step of positioning a heat transfer material block between the contained vehicle fluid and the first surface, such that the heat transfer material block is in thermal communication with the contained vehicle fluid and the first surface is in thermal communication with the heat transfer material block. 72. The method of claim 71, wherein the heat transfer material block includes a thermal energy transfer rod in thermal communication with the contained vehicle fluid. 73. A method of retrofitting a vehicle with a vehicle fluid cooling system comprising the steps of: a) mounting a vehicle fluid cooling system for transferring thermal energy in relation to a closed vehicle fluid system, the vehicle fluid cooling system including at least one thermoelectric device having at least two surfaces, concurrently absorbing thermal energy on a first surface and dissipating thermal energy on a second surface; and b) configuring the thermoelectric device to receive power from at least one source, wherein the source is at least one of a vehicle source, a stored energy source and a solar energy source. 74. The method of claim 73, wherein the vehicle fluid cooling system is mounted to be in thermal communication with at least one of a vehicle fluid reservoir and a vehicle fluid conduit. 75. The method of claim 74, further comprising the step of: c) activating the thermoelectric device to develop a thermal gradient between a vehicle fluid and the first surface of the thermoelectric device. 76. The method of claim 73, further comprising the step of: c) connecting the vehicle fluid cooling system to be in fluid communication with a vehicle fluid of the closed vehicle fluid system. 77. The method of claim 76, further comprising the step of: d) diverting of at least a portion of the vehicle fluid within the closed vehicle fluid system; and e) containing a majority of the vehicle fluid diverted within the vehicle fluid cooling system, at least temporarily, for subsequent delivery back to the closed vehicle fluid system. 78. The method of claim 77, wherein the step of diverting at least a portion of the vehicle fluid includes the step of diverting the vehicle fluid through a heat transfer material block in thermal communication with the first surface of the thermoelectric device and having a conduit extending therethrough for diverted flow. 79. The method of claim 78, wherein the conduit runs in a serpentine path. 80. The method of claim 78, wherein the conduit includes a plurality of substantially parallel channels. 81. The method of claim 78, wherein the conduit is a single channel. 82. The method of claim 73, wherein the thermoelectric device is a ceramic wafered thermoelectric device. 83. The method of claim 82, wherein a vehicle fluid contained within the closed vehicle fluid system is at least one of a lubricant, a fuel and a coolant. 84. A vehicle fuel cooling system comprising: a) a heat sink; b) a first heat transfer material block having a fuel path extending therethrough; and c) at least one ceramic wafered thermoelectric device, having a cooling wafer and a heating wafer, sandwiched between the first heat transfer material block and the heat sink such that the cooling wafer contacts the first heat transfer material block and such that the heating wafer contacts the heat sink. 85. A method of cooling a vehicle fuel comprising the steps of: a) providing at least one ceramic wafered thermoelectric device having at least a cooler ceramic surface and a warmer ceramic surface opposing the cooler ceramic surface; and b) utilizing the ceramic wafered thermoelectric device to develop a gradient between a vehicle fuel and the cooler ceramic surface of the ceramic wafered thermoelectric device. 86. The method of claim 85, wherein the step of developing a gradient includes the steps of: a) transferring heat from the vehicle fuel to the cooler ceramic surface of the ceramic wafered thermoelectric device; and b) transferring heat by the ceramic wafered thermoelectric device from the cooler ceramic surface to the warmer ceramic surface. 87. The method of claim 85, further comprising the step of: c) utilizing an electromechanical device to perform forced convection resulting in heat transfer away from the warmer ceramic surface. 88. A vehicle fuel cooling system comprising: a) a first heat transfer material block having a fuel conduit extending therethrough; b) a finned heat transfer material block; and c) a power source to supply electricity to a ceramic wafered thermoelectric device; d) at least one ceramic wafered thermoelectric device, having a cooling surface and an opposed heating surface, being sandwiched between the first heat transfer material block and the finned heat transfer material block such that the cooling surface faces the first heat transfer material block and such that the opposed heating surface faces the finned heat transfer material block. 89. The vehicle fuel cooling system of claim 88, further comprising an electric fan adapted to direct airflow over the finned heat transfer material block. 90. The vehicle fuel cooling system of claim 88, further comprising a fuel pipe of heat transfer material extending through the conduit. 91. A vehicle fuel heating system comprising: a) a heat sink; b) a first heat transfer material block having a fuel path extending therethrough; and c) at least one ceramic wafered thermoelectric device, having a cooling wafer and a heating wafer, sandwiched between the first heat transfer material block and the heat sink such that the heating wafer contacts the first heat transfer material block and such that the cooling wafer contacts the heat sink. 92. A method of heating a vehicle fuel comprising the steps of: a) providing at least one ceramic wafered thermoelectric device having at least a cooler ceramic surface and a warmer ceramic surface opposing the cooler ceramic surface; and b) utilizing the ceramic wafered thermoelectric device to develop a gradient between a vehicle fuel and the warmer ceramic surface of the ceramic wafered thermoelectric device. 93. The method of claim 92, wherein the step of developing a gradient includes the steps of: a) transferring heat from the warmer ceramic surface of the ceramic wafered thermoelectric device to the fuel; and b) transferring heat from the cooler ceramic surface to the warmer ceramic surface of the ceramic wafered thermoelectric device. 94. The method of claim 92, further comprising the step of: c) utilizing an electromechanical device to perform forced convection resulting in heat transfer to the cooler ceramic surface. 95. A vehicle fuel heating system comprising: a) a first heat transfer material block having a fuel conduit extending therethrough; b) a finned heat transfer material block; and c) a power source to supply electricity to the ceramic wafered thermoelectric device; d) at least one ceramic wafered thermoelectric device, having a cooling surface and an opposed heating surface, being sandwiched between the first heat transfer material block and the finned heat transfer material block such that the heating surface faces the first heat transfer material block and such that the cooling surface faces the finned heat transfer material block. 96. The vehicle fuel heating system of claim 95, further comprising an electric fan adapted to direct airflow over the finned heat transfer material block. 97. The vehicle fuel heating system of claim 95, further comprising a fuel pipe of heat transfer material extending through a fuel conduit. 98. A vehicle lubricant cooling system comprising: a) a heat sink; b) a first heat transfer material block having a heat transfer appendage extending therefrom and into a vehicle lubricant accumulation vessel; and c) at least one ceramic wafered thermoelectric device having a cooling wafer and a heating wafer, sandwiched between the first heat transfer material block and the heat sink such that the cooling wafer contacts the first heat transfer material block and such that the heating wafer contacts the heat sink. 99. A method of cooling a vehicle lubricant comprising the steps of: a) providing at least one ceramic wafered thermoelectric device having at least a cooler ceramic surface and a warmer ceramic surface opposing the cooler ceramic surface; and b) utilizing the ceramic wafered thermoelectric device to develop a gradient between a vehicle lubricant and the cooler ceramic surface of the ceramic wafer thermoelectric device. 100. The method of claim 99, further comprising the steps of: c) transferring heat from the vehicle lubricant to the cooler ceramic surface of the ceramic wafered thermoelectric device; and d) transferring heat within the ceramic wafered thermoelectric device from the cooler ceramic surface to the warmer ceramic surface. 101. The method of claim 99, further comprising the step of: c) supplying forced convection to increase heat dissipation from the warmer ceramic surface. 102. A vehicle lubricant cooling system comprising: a) an accumulation vessel having a vehicle lubricant inlet and a vehicle lubricant outlet; b) a first heat transfer material block having a heat transfer appendage extending therefrom and into the accumulation vessel; c) a heat sink; d) at least one ceramic wafered thermoelectric device having a cooling surface and an opposed heating surface sandwiched between the first heat transfer material block and the heat sink such that the cooling surface faces the first heat transfer material block and such that the opposed heating surface faces the heat sink. e) a power source operatively coupled to the ceramic wafered thermoelectric device. 103. The vehicle lubricant cooling system of claim 102, further comprising: f) an electric fan adapted to direct airflow over the heat sink. 104. A vehicle lubricant heating system comprising: a) a heat sink; b) a first heat transfer material block having a heat transfer appendage extending therefrom and into a vehicle lubricant accumulation vessel; and c) at least one ceramic wafered thermoelectric device having a cooling wafer and a heating wafer, sandwiched between the first heat transfer material block and the heat sink such that the heating wafer contacts the first heat transfer material block and such that the cooling wafer contacts the heat sink. 105. A method of heating a vehicle lubricant comprising the steps of: a) providing at least one ceramic wafered thermoelectric device having at least a cooler ceramic surface and a warmer ceramic surface opposing the cooler ceramic surface; and b) utilizing the ceramic wafered thermoelectric device to develop a gradient between a vehicle lubricant and the warmer ceramic surface of the ceramic wafered thermoelectric device. 106. The method of claim 105, further comprising the steps of: c) transferring heat to the vehicle lubricant from the warmer ceramic surface of the ceramic wafered thermoelectric device; and d) transferring heat within the ceramic wafered thermoelectric device from the cooler ceramic surface to the warmer ceramic surface. 107. The method of claim 105, further comprising the step of: c) supplying forced convection to increase heat transfer to the cooler ceramic surface. 108. A vehicle lubricant heating system comprising: a) an accumulation vessel having a vehicle lubricant inlet and a vehicle lubricant outlet; b) a first heat transfer material block having a heat transfer appendage extending therefrom and into the accumulation vessel; c) a heat sink; d) at least one ceramic wafered thermoelectric device having a cooling surface and an opposed heating surface sandwiched between the first heat transfer material block and the heat sink such that the opposed heating surface faces the first heat transfer material block and such that the cooling surface faces the heat sink; and e) a power source operatively coupled to the ceramic wafered thermoelectric device. 109. The heating system of claim 108, further comprising: f) an electric fan adapted to direct airflow over the heat sink. 110. A method for pre-heating a vehicle lubricant comprising the steps of: a) providing a vessel, installed onto a vehicle, for storing a vehicle lubricant; b) extending an appendage of heat transfer material into the vehicle lubricant stored in the vessel; and c) heating the appendage of heat transfer material by activating a ceramic wafered thermoelectric device having a cooling surface and an opposed heating surface, wherein the heating surface is operatively coupled to the appendage of heat transfer material. 111. The method of claim 110, further comprising the steps of: d) operatively coupling the cooling surface to a heat transfer material block; and b) supplying forced convection to the heat transfer material block to increase heat transfer to the heat transfer material block. 