An object of the present invention is to provide a system capable of reducing optimally peak demand for power by using small capacity storage batteries. The present invention was made to provide a photovoltaic power generation system which links with a utility power system, feeds electric power generated by a solar cell device to an inverter in order to convert the electric power into alternating current, and supplies the alternating current to a power consumption section. The photovoltaic power generation system comprises storage batteries for storing electric power and a switch control device for switching to output electric power from the solar cell device to the storage batteries or the inverter. Also the photovoltaic power generation system controls discharge of the electric power stored in the storage batteries with reference to a specific period of high power demand represented by a fluctuation curve of power demand, and supplies the electric power from the storage batteries along with generation power from the solar cell device to the inverter.
Claims What we claim is; 1. A photovoltaic power generation system with storage batteries comprising: a solar cell device; an inverter which converts a direct current generated by the solar cell device into an alternating current; a device for supplying the alternating current to a power consumption section; storage batteries which store electric power; a switch control device for switching to output electric power from the solar cell device to the storage batteries or the inverter; a power control device for controlling discharge of power stored in the storage batteries in accordance with a certain time period of high power demand represented by a fluctuation curve of power demand and supplying power from the storage batteries along with power generated by the solar cell device to the inverter 2. A photovoltaic power generation system with storage batteries according to claim 1 wherein, the storage batteries are charged with electric power which is generated by the solar cell device during the off-peak period of power demand after sunrise. 3. A photovoltaic power generation system with storage batteries according to claim 1 wherein, the certain time period in which power demand is high is in a region from 40 to 100%, given that sunrise is 0% and sunset is 100% when the time range between sunrise and sunset is expressed as a percent. 4. A photovoltaic power generation system with storage batteries according to claim 1 wherein, the time period in which electric power is discharged from the storage batteries and combined with power generated by the solar cell device is the off-peak period of power generation of the solar cell device as well as the peak period of power demand and in a range from 55 to 85%, given that sunrise is 0% and sunset is 100% when the time range between sunrise and sunset is expressed as a percent. 5. A photovoltaic power generation system with storage batteries according to claim 1 wherein, the storage battery is selected from a nickel metal hydride battery, a nickel-cadmium battery and a lithium-ion battery. 6. A photovoltaic power generation system with storage batteries according to claim 5 wherein, a capacity of the nickel metal hydride battery is in a range from 0.125 to 1.0 kWh per 1 kW of a solar cell. 7. A photovoltaic power generation system with storage batteries comprising: a solar cell device; an inverter which converts a direct current generated by the solar cell device into an alternating current; a device for supplying the alternating current, which converted by the inverter, to a power consumption section, and which links with a utility power system; storage batteries which store electric power; a switch control device for switching to output electric power from the solar cell device to the storage batteries or the inverter; a charging control device for controlling the storage battery to charge with electric power selected either from electric power generated by a solar cell device at the off-peak period of power demand after sunrise, electric power supplied from the utility power system during the night, or both; a power control device for controlling discharge of power stored in the storage batteries in accordance with a certain time period of high power demand represented by a fluctuation curve of power demand and supplying power from the storage batteries along with power generated by the solar cell device to the inverter. 8. A photovoltaic power generation system with storage batteries according to claim 7 wherein, the certain time period in which power demand is high is in a region from 40 to 100%, given that sunrise is 0% and sunset is 100% when the time range between sunrise and sunset is expressed as a percent. 9. A photovoltaic power generation system with storage batteries according to claim 7 wherein, the time period in which electric power is discharged from the storage batteries and combined with power generated by the solar cell device is the off-peak period of power generation of the solar cell device as well as the peak period of power demand and in a range from 55 to 85%, given that sunrise is 0% and sunset is 100% when the time range between sunrise and sunset is expressed as a percent. 10. A photovoltaic power generation system with storage batteries according to claim 7 wherein, charging control means control an amount of the charging power for the storage batteries so that the total amount of power generated by the solar cell device and power discharged from the storage batteries at the peak period of power demand is approximately equivalent to or more than the maximum amount of power generated by the solar cell device until the time represented by 55%, given that sunrise is 0% and sunset is 100% when the time range between sunrise and sunset is expressed as a percent. 11. A photovoltaic power generation system with storage batteries according to claim 7 wherein, the certain time period in which the storage batteries are charged within the off-peak period of power demand is in a region from 0 to 40%, given that sunrise is 0% and sunset is 100% when the time range between sunrise and sunset is expressed as a percent. 12. A photovoltaic power generation system with storage batteries according to claim 7 wherein, a capacity of the storage battery for constant use is in a range from 0.1 to 0.8 kWh per 1 kW of a solar cell. 13. A photovoltaic power generation system with storage batteries according to claim 7 wherein, power generated by the solar cell device is applied to a load after the storage batteries are charged to the predetermined amount and the surplus power is flowed in reverse to the utility power system. 14. A photovoltaic power generation system with storage batteries according to claim 7 wherein, the storage battery is selected from a nickel metal hydride battery, a nickel-cadmium battery and a lithium-ion battery. 15. A photovoltaic power generation system with storage batteries according to claim 14 wherein, a capacity of the nickel metal hydride battery is in a range from 0.125 to 1.0 kWh per 1 kW of a solar cell. 