A window-and-wall assembly comprises an exterior support wall of a building enclosure defining a frame opening carrying a window frame for mounting on the exterior side of the exterior wall to span the frame opening. The window frame has an area that is bigger than that of the frame opening so as to largely overlap the frame opening at the edges. A glazing and frame assembly is supported in the window frame and may be fixed or openable. An air barrier sheeting located on and covering the external side of said support wall surrounds the window frame, and rigid insulation sheeting is positioned on the support wall exteriorly of the air barrier sheeting. The sandwiched barrier sheeting thus combines the function of the traditional air barrier and weather barrier and is less prone to perforation or damage than either.
Claims 1. A window-and-wall assembly comprising: an exterior support wall of a building enclosure said support wall defining a frame opening; a window frame for mounting on the exterior side of said exterior wall to span said frame opening, said window frame having an area that is bigger than that of the frame opening so as to largely overlap said frame opening at the edges; a glazing panel comprising a multi-glazing and frame assembly, said glazing panel being supported in said window frame; an air barrier sheeting located on and covering the external side of said support wall and surrounding said window frame said building enclosure including rigid insulation sheeting positioned on said support wall exteriorly of said air barrier sheeting. 2. The window-and-wall assembly of claim 1 wherein said glazing panel is movably supported in said window frame to be displaceable to and from a closed and latched position relative thereto. 3. The window-and-wall assembly of claim 1 wherein said support wall is of wood frame construction and incorporates members that define said frame opening. 4. The window-and-wall assembly of claim 1 wherein said support wall is fabricated from steel channel profiles and incorporate members that define said frame opening. 5. The window-and-wall assembly of claim 1 wherein insulation is incorporated within the exterior support wall and wherein said air barrier sheeting is moisture permeable. 6. The window-and-wall assembly of claim 1 wherein there is no insulation incorporated within the exterior support wall and wherein said air barrier sheeting is moisture impermeable. 7. The window-and-wall assembly of claim 1 wherein rigid panel sheeting is located against the exterior side of said support wall frame and said air barrier sheeting is attached to said rigid panel sheeting. 8. The window-and-wall assembly of claim 1 wherein said window frame has integral thin flange members that extend outwardly beyond each side of said window frame and wherein said air barrier sheeting overlaps said flange members. 9. The window-and-wall assembly of claim 8 where said air barrier sheeting is sealed to said flange members of the window frame. 10. The window-and-wall assembly of claim 1 wherein said window frame has a horizontal top member which is covered by rain flashing that is formed by a continuous element of L-shaped profile formed by a horizontal portion that overlies the horizontal top member of the window frame and projects at least slightly to the exterior thereof, and a vertical poetion which lies against said support wall to provide a seal against the ingress of rain water over the top frame member; wherein said rain flashing is overlapped by said barrier sheeting applied on the exterior side of said support wall. 11. The window-and-wall assembly of claim 5 wherein said air barrier sheeting comprises a moisture permeable spun bonded sheet of olefin plastic. 12. The window-and-wall assembly of claim 5 wherein said air barrier sheeting is comprised in part of moisture permeable foam. 13. The window-and-wall assembly of claim 12 wherein said moisture permeable foam is open cell silicone foam. 14. The window-and-wall assembly of claim 6 wherein said air barrier sheeting comprises a self adhering flexible moisture-impermeable membrane made from polyethylene sheeting having rubberized asphalt compounds integrally bonded thereto. 15. The window-and-wall assembly of claim 1 wherein said glazing panel comprises two or more parallel glass sheets that are adhered to a perimeter frame defining therebetween at least one insulating chamber, said insulating chamber containing air or low conductive gas, one of said glass sheets having a low emissivity coating. 16. The window-and-wall assembly of claim 1 wherein said glazing panel comprises an insulating glazing unit and a separate support frame. 17. The window-and-wall assembly of claim 2 further comprising a powered motor coupled to effect displacement of said glazing panel from an open to a closed position. 18. The window-and-wall-assembly of claim 1 further comprising: an access regulator for modifying the influence of the exterior environment transmitted through said wall opening to the interior of said building enclosure; and a control apparatus for controlling said access regulator; wherein said access regulator is controlled to minimize consumption of purchased energy for heating and cooling of said building enclosure. 19. The window-and-wall assembly of claim 18 wherein said access regulator is coupled to said powered motor and is selectively operable to displace said glazing panel between closed and open positions with respect to said window frame, thereby to allow flow of air through said opening when said building enclosure requires cooling and environmental air is cooler than the temperature of the air in said building enclosure. 20. The window-and-wall assembly of claim 19 wherein said motor is electrically powered and is operated by said control apparatus. 21. The window-and-wall assembly of claim 18, wherein said access regulator also comprises a motorized Venetian blind that is located interiorly of said glazing panel, said blind having slats that can be oriented to control solar gains transmitted through said glazing panel, such that in cool weather, solar heat can be admitted to the building enclosure whereas in hot weather, solar heat can be partially excluded from the building enclosure. 22. The window-and-wall assembly of claim 21 wherein one side of each said slat has a surface finish that largely reflects solar radiation and the other side has a surface finish that largely absorbs solar radiation. 23. The window-and-wall assembly of claim 1, further including an interior glazing panel that is mounted on the interior side of said support wall. 24. The window-and-wall assembly of claim 23 wherein said interior glazing panel is a transparent roller blind and wherein said roller blind can be selectively deployable to cover said frame opening, the edges of said roller blind being sealed at the perimeter. 25. The window-and-wall assembly of claim 23 where said interior glazing panel is made from transparent rigid sheet material and the edges said sheet material being sealed at the perimeter. 26. The window-and-wall assembly of claim 2 where said glazing panel incorporates an operating mechanism that includes an input drive element, a latch mechanism and an opening/closing mechanism, both said mechanisms being operationally coupled to said input drive element and configured to act in sequence, such that with the glazing panel in closed and latched condition, operation of said drive element is effective initially to operate the latch mechanism to unlatch the glazing panel and subsequently to operate said opening/closing drive mechanism to move the sash glazing panel away from its closed position to an open position. 27. The window-and-wall assembly of claim 26 including a powered motor coupled to operate said input drive element. 28. A window-and-wall assembly comprising: an exterior support wall of a building enclosure said support wall defining a frame opening; a window frame for mounting on the exterior side of said exterior wall, said window having an area that is bigger than that of the frame opening so as to largely overlap said frame opening at the edges thereof; a sash glazing panel comprising a multi-glazing and frame assembly, said glazing panel being movably supported in said window frame to be displaceable to and from a closed and latched position wherein it closes within said window frame; and an operating mechanism that includes an input drive element, a latch mechanism and an opening/closing mechanism, both said mechanisms being operationally coupled to said input drive element and configured to act in sequence, such that with the glazing panel in closed and latched condition, operation of said drive element is effective initially to operate the latch mechanism to unlatch the glazing panel and subsequently to operate said opening/closing drive mechanism to move the glazing panel away from its closed position to an open position. 29. The window-and-wall assembly of claim 28 wherein said input drive element is a rotary crank that is adapted to be located in a position where it is accessible from an interior side of the building enclosure wall. 30. The window-and -wall assembly of claim 28 including a powered motor coupled to operate said input drive element. 31. A window-and-wall assembly comprising: an exterior support wall of a building enclosure said support wall defining a frame opening; a window frame located towards the exterior side of said exterior wall; a sash glazing panel comprising a multi-glazing and frame assembly, said glazing panel being movably supported in said window frame to be displaceable to and from a closed and latched position wherein it closes within said window frame; an access regulator for modifying the influence of the external environment transmitted through the opening to the interior of said building enclosure; a control means for controlling said access regulator; an operating mechanism that includes an input drive element, a latch mechanism and an opening/closing mechanism, both said mechanisms being operationally coupled to said input drive element and configured to act in sequence, such that with the glazing panel in closed and latched condition, operation of said drive element is effective initially to operate the latch mechanism to unlatch said glazing panel and subsequently to operate said opening/closing drive mechanism to move the glazing panel away from its closed position to an open position; a powered motor coupled to operate said input drive element; wherein said control means are coupled to said powered motor. 32. A window-and-wall assembly comprising: an exterior support wall of a building enclosure said support wall defining a frame opening; an openable glazing panel positioned adjacent said frame opening; an access regulator for modifying the influence of the external environment transmitted through the opening to the interior of the building enclosure, said access regulator including a mechanism that is selectively operable to displace said glazing panel between a closed and an open position with respect to the exterior wall opening thereby to prevent or permit air flow through the opening; and a transparent roller blind adapted for installation on the interior side of the opening, said roller blind being selectively deployable to cover the opening and having edges adapted to be sealed to the perimeter of the opening. 33. A window-and-wall assembly comprising: an exterior support wall of a building enclosure said support wall defining a frame opening; a window frame located in and towards the exterior side of said exterior wall; a sash glazing panel comprising a multi-glazing and frame assembly, said glazing panel being movably supported in said window frame to be displaceable to and from a closed and latched position wherein it closes within said window frame; an access regulator for modifying the influence of the external environmental transmitted through the opening to the interior of said building enclosure; a control means for controlling said access regulator; an opening/closing mechanism that moves the glazing panel away from its closed position to an open position; a powered motor coupled to operate said opening/closing mechanism; a channel enclosure integrated within said support wall adjacent said window frame, wherein said motor and said control means are located in said channel enclosure. 