A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer which has superior suitability for mass production and reproducibility. The process comprises the steps of preparing a first member which has a monocrystalline semiconductor layer on a semiconductor substrate with a separation layer arranged therebetween with a semiconductor wafer as the raw material, transferring the monocrystalline semiconductor layer onto a second member which comprises a semiconductor wafer after separating the monocrystalline semiconductor layer through the separation layer, and smoothing the surface of the semiconductor substrate after the transferring step so as to be used as a semiconductor wafer for purposes other than forming the first and second members.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer, comprising the steps of: preparing a first member which has a semiconductor layer on a semiconductor substrate; transferring said semiconductor layer onto a second member via separating said semiconductor layer from said first member; and smoothing the surface of said semiconductor substrate after said transferring step so as to use said semiconductor substrate as a semiconductor wafer for purposes other than forming said first and second members. 2. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer, comprising the steps of: preparing a first member which has a semiconductor layer on a semiconductor substrate with a separation layer arranged therebetween; transferring said semiconductor layer onto a second member via separating said semiconductor layer through said separation layer; and smoothing the surface of said semiconductor substrate after said transferring step so as to use said semiconductor substrate as a semiconductor wafer for purposes other than forming said first and second members. 3. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer, comprising the steps of: preparing a first member which has a semiconductor layer on a p-type semiconductor substrate; separating said semiconductor layer from said first member to transfer the semiconductor layer onto a second member, thereby forming a first semiconductor wafer; and conducting epitaxial growth of a low concentration p-type semiconductor layer on said p-type semiconductor substrate from which said semiconductor layer has been separated, said low concentration p-type semiconductor layer having an impurity concentration, which defines p-type conductivity, lower than that of said p-type semiconductor substrate. 4. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer, comprising the steps of: preparing a first member which has a semiconductor layer on a p-type semiconductor substrate with a separation layer arranged therebetween; separating said semiconductor layer through said separation layer to transfer the semiconductor layer onto a second member, thereby forming a first semiconductor wafer; and conducting epitaxial growth of a low concentration p-type semiconductor layer on said p-type semiconductor substrate which has been separated through said separation layer, said low concentration p-type semiconductor layer having impurity concentration, which defines p-type conductivity, lower than that of said p-type semiconductor substrate. 5. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer, comprising the steps of: forming a separation layer within a p-type semiconductor substrate to form a first member which has a semiconductor layer on said separation layer; separating said semiconductor layer through said separation layer to transfer the semiconductor layer onto a second member, thereby forming a first semiconductor wafer; and conducting epitaxial growth of a low concentration p-type semiconductor layer on said p-type semiconductor substrate which has been separated through said separation layer, said low concentration p-type semiconductor layer having impurity concentration, which defines p-type conductivity, lower than that of said p-type semiconductor substrate. 6. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer, comprising the steps of: preparing a first member which has a semiconductor layer on a p-type semiconductor substrate with a separation layer arranged therebetween; bonding said first member with a second member to form a multilayer structure; conducting heat-treatment of said multilayer structure under an oxidizing atmosphere separating said multilayer structure through said separation layer to transfer said semiconductor layer onto a second member, thereby forming a first semiconductor wafer; and conducting epitaxial growth of a low concentration p-type semiconductor layer on said p-type semiconductor substrate which has been separated through said separation layer, said low concentration p-type semiconductor layer having impurity concentration, which defines p-type conductivity, lower than that of said p-type semiconductor substrate. 7. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer, comprising the steps of: preparing a first member which has at least a first semiconductor layer comprising an epitaxial semiconductor layer having impurity concentration, which defines p-type conductivity, lower than that of a p-type semiconductor substrate; a separation layer; and a second semiconductor layer; arranged on said p-type semiconductor substrate in the order as mentioned; and forming a first semiconductor wafer via transferring said second semiconductor layer onto a second member through the separation step of separating said second semiconductor layer through said separation layer, and forming a second semiconductor wafer having said first semiconductor layer on said p-type semiconductor substrate. 8. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer, comprising the steps of: forming at least a first semiconductor layer comprising an epitaxial semiconductor layer having impurity concentration, which defines p-type conductivity, lower than that of a p-type semiconductor substrate; and a second semiconductor layer comprising an epitaxial semiconductor layer having impurity concentration, which defines p-type conductivity, higher than that of said first semiconductor layer; arranged on said p-type semiconductor substrate in the order as mentioned; making said second semiconductor layer and part of said first semiconductor layer porous; and forming a third semiconductor layer onto said second semiconductor layer made porous; thereby forming a first member; and transferring said third semiconductor layer onto said second member to form a first semiconductor wafer, and forming a second semiconductor wafer comprising said p-type semiconductor substrate having said first semiconductor layer. 9. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in any one of claims 1 to 8, wherein said semiconductor substrate, said p-type semiconductor substrate, and said p-type silicon substrate are each selected from the group consisting of a CZ silicon wafer, an FZ silicon wafer, an epitaxial silicon wafer, and a hydrogen-annealed silicon wafer. 10. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in any one of claims 1 to 6, wherein said semiconductor layer is selected from the group consisting of a monocrystalline semiconductor layer, a polycrystalline semiconductor layer, and an amorphous semiconductor layer. 11. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in any one of claims 2, 4, 5, 6, and 7, wherein said separation layer is selected from the group consisting of a porous layer and a microbubble layer. 12. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 8, wherein said separation layer and said layer made porous is each formed by anodization treatment. 13. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 11, wherein said separation layer is formed by ion implantation using a gas selected from the group consisting of hydrogen, nitrogen, and rare gas. 14. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 13, wherein said ion implantation is plasma immersion ion implantation. 15. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in any one of claims 2, 4, 5, 6, and 7, wherein said first member is obtained by forming a porous layer serving as said separation layer on the surface of said semiconductor substrate followed by forming said semiconductor layer on the surface of said porous layer. 16. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 15, comprising the additional step of forming a protection layer on the walls of the pores in said porous layer prior to the formation of said semiconductor layer. 17. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 15, comprising the additional step of conducting heat-treatment on said porous layer under a reducing atmosphere containing hydrogen prior to the formation of said semiconductor layer. 18. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 15, comprising the step of forming said semiconductor layer by supplying a small amount of raw material gas for said semiconductor layer at a growth rate of 20 mm/min. or lower. 19. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 15, comprising the additional step of sealing the surface said porous layer followed by conducting heat-treatment at a temperature higher than that for said sealing step prior to the formation of said semiconductor layer, said sealing step comprising the steps of conducting heat-treatment on said porous layer under a hydrogen reducing atmosphere and/or supplying a small amount of raw material gas for said semiconductor layer. 20. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in any one of claims 2, 4, 5, 6, and 7, wherein said first member is obtained by implanting at least one ion selected from the group consisting of hydrogen, nitrogen, and rare gas into the surface of said semiconductor substrate to form an ion-implanted layer serving as said separation layer within said semiconductor substrate. 21. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in any one of claims 2, 4, 5, 6, and 7, wherein said first member is obtained by forming an insulating layer followed by forming an ion-implanted layer serving as said separation layer within said semiconductor substrate. 22. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 1 or 2, wherein said semiconductor substrate comprising said first member is selected from the group consisting of a P.sup.+-silicon wafer and a P.sup.--silicon wafer. 23. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in any one of claims 2, 4, 5, 6, and 7, wherein said first member is obtained by the steps of forming an epitaxial layer on said semiconductor substrate, forming said separation layer by making the surface of said epitaxial layer porous, and then forming said semiconductor layer on the surface of said separation layer. 24. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 23, wherein the surface of said epitaxial layer is made porous such that the thickness of the remaining epitaxial layer on said semiconductor substrate is between 100 nm and 20 .mu.m. 25. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 23, wherein said epitaxial layer is a P.sup.+ layer in which the concentration of boron is between 1.times.10.sup.17 cm.sup.-3 and 1.times.10.sup.20 cm.sup.-3. 26. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 1 or 2, wherein said transferring step comprises the steps of bonding said first member with said second member so as to arrange said semiconductor layer inside to form a multilayer structure and separating said multilayer structure. 27. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 26, wherein said bonding step is conducted through an insulating layer. 28. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 26, wherein said bonding step is conducted after forming an insulating layer on the surface of said semiconductor layer. 29. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 26, wherein said bonding step is conducted after forming an insulating layer on the surface of said second member. 30. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 26, wherein said separating step is conducted by a method selected from the group consisting of heat-treatment of said multilayer structure and oxidizing treatment of the side of a separation layer and/or the vicinity thereof. 31. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 30, wherein said heat-treatment is conducted at a temperature within the range of 400.degree. C. to 600.degree. C. 32. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 26, wherein said separating step is conducted by at least one method selected from the group consisting of inserting a wedge into the side of said separation layer, spraying fluid onto any one of said multilayer structure and the side of said separation layer, applying any one of tensile force, compressive force and shearing force, slicing said multilayer structure at said separation layer, and applying ultrasonic vibration onto said separation layer. 33. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 32, wherein said fluid is selected from the group consisting of water, alcohols, etchant, air, nitrogen gas, carbonic oxide gas, and rare gas. 34. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 1 or 2, wherein said semiconductor wafer is an epitaxial wafer. 35. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in any one of claims 1 to 8, wherein said semiconductor wafer and said second semiconductor wafer are used to manufacture any one of a semiconductor device and a solar battery. 36. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in any one of claims 1 to 8, wherein said second member is selected from the group consisting of a CZ silicon wafer, a FZ silicon wafer, an epitaxial wafer, a hydrogen-annealed silicon wafer, glass, quartz glass, plastics, a flexible film, ceramic, and a conductive substrate. 37. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in any one of claims 1 to 8, wherein said second member is a silicon wafer having an oxide film on the surface thereof. 38. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 1 or 2, wherein said smoothing step is the step of conducting at least one treatment selected from the group consisting of surface-polishing, planing, etching, and heat-treatment. 39. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 38, wherein said surface-polishing is selected from the group consisting of chemical mechanical polishing and touch-polish. 40. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 38, wherein said heat-treatment is hydrogen annealing. 41. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 40, wherein the temperature for said hydrogen annealing is not lower than 800.degree. C. and not higher than the melting temperature of the component materials of said semiconductor substrate. 42. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 40, wherein the hydrogen annealing is a heat-treatment conducted under a reducing atmosphere containing at least hydrogen. 43. A method for using a semiconductor wafer wherein said semiconductor substrate after the smoothing step according to claim 1 or 2 is used as a non-SOI wafer. 44. A method for using a semiconductor wafer wherein said semiconductor substrate after the smoothing step according to claim 1 or 2 is used as a semiconductor wafer to manufacture a semiconductor device. 45. A method for using a semiconductor wafer wherein said semiconductor substrate after the smoothing step according to claim 1 or 2 is used as a dummy wafer. 46. A method for using a semiconductor wafer wherein said semiconductor substrate after the smoothing step according to claim 1 or 2 is used as a monitor wafer. 47. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 1 or 2, comprising the additional step of forming an epitaxial layer on the smoothed semiconductor substrate. 48. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 1 or 2, wherein at least one inspection step selected from the group consisting of inspection of the density of surface foreign particles, inspection of film thickness distribution, inspection of the density of defects, inspection of surface profile, and inspection of edges is conducted on the semiconductor substrate obtained after the smoothing step. 49. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 48, wherein the substrate is sorted to be used as one wafer selected from the group consisting of a dummy wafer, a monitor wafer, a device wafer, and an epitaxial wafer. 50. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in any one of claims 3, 4, 5, 7, and 8, wherein said p-type semiconductor substrate is a high concentration p-type silicon wafer. 51. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 50, wherein the concentration of boron in said high concentration p-type silicon wafer is between 1.times.10.sup.17 cm.sup.-3 and 1.times.10.sup.20 cm.sup.-3 52. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 50, wherein the specific resistance of said high concentration p-type silicon wafer is between 0.001 .OMEGA..multidot.cm to 0.5 .OMEGA..multidot.cm. 53. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in any one of claims 3 to 8, wherein the step of forming said first semiconductor wafer comprises the steps of bonding said first member with said second member so as to arrange said semiconductor layer inside to form a multilayer structure and separating said multilayer structure. 54. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 53, wherein said bonding step is conducted through an insulating layer. 55. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 53, wherein said bonding step is conducted after forming an insulating layer on the surface of said semiconductor layer. 56. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 53, wherein said bonding step is conducted after forming an insulating layer on the surface of said second member. 57. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 53, wherein said separating step is conducted by a method selected from the group consisting of heat-treatment of said multilayer structure and oxidizing treatment of the side of the separation layer and/or the vicinity thereof. 58. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 57, wherein said heat-treatment is conducted at a temperature within the range of 400.degree. C. to 600.degree. C. 59. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 53, wherein said separating step is conducted by at least one method selected from the group consisting of inserting a wedge into the side of said separation layer, spraying fluid onto any one of said multilayer structure and the side of said separation layer, applying any one of tensile force, compressive force and shearing force, slicing said multilayer structure at said separation layer, and applying ultrasonic vibration onto said separation layer. 60. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 59, wherein said fluid is selected from the group consisting of water, alcohols, etchant, air, nitrogen gas, carbonic oxide gas, and rare gas. 61. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in any one of claims 3 to 6, wherein the specific resistance of said low concentration p-type silicon layer is between 0.02 .OMEGA..multidot.cm to 10000 .OMEGA..multidot.cm. 62. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in any one of claims 3 to 6, wherein said low concentration p-type silicon layer is an epitaxial silicon layer in which the concentration of boron is 1.times.10.sup.17 cm.sup.-3. 63. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in any one of claims 3 to 8, wherein at least one inspection step selected from the group consisting of inspection of the density of surface foreign particles, inspection of film thickness distribution, inspection of the density of defects, inspection of surface profile, and inspection of edges is conducted on said second semiconductor wafer. 64. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in any one of claims 3 to 6, wherein said epitaxial growth is conducted by a Chemical Vapor Deposition (CVD) method. 65. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 6, wherein said p-type semiconductor substrate is a high concentration p-type silicon wafer. 66. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 65, wherein the concentration of boron in said high concentration p-type silicon wafer is between 1.times.10.sup.17 cm.sup.-3 and 1.times.10.sup.20 cm.sup.-3 67. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 65, wherein the specific resistance of said high concentration p-type silicon wafer is between 0.001 .OMEGA..multidot.cm to 0.5 .OMEGA..multidot.cm. 68. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 7 or 8, wherein said first semiconductor layer is a P.sup.--epitaxial silicon layer. 69. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 7 or 8, wherein said first semiconductor layer is composed of a plurality of layers. 70. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 7, wherein said second semiconductor layer has an impurity concentration, which defines p-type conductivity, higher than that of said first semiconductor layer. 71. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 7, wherein the impurity concentration, which defines p-type conductivity, of said first semiconductor layer is identical with that of said second semiconductor layer. 72. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 7, wherein said second semiconductor layer and separation layer are formed by ion implantation using a gas selected from the group consisting of hydrogen, nitrogen, and rare gas. 73. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 8, wherein said third semiconductor layer is an epitaxial monocrystalline silicon layer. 74. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 7, wherein said first member is obtained by forming said separation layer followed by forming said second semiconductor layer. 75. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 74, comprising the additional step of forming a protection layer on the walls of the pores in said porous layer serving as said separation layer prior to the formation of said second semiconductor layer. 76. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 74, comprising the additional step of conducting heat-treatment on said porous layer serving as said separation layer under a reducing atmosphere containing hydrogen prior to the formation of said semiconductor layer. 77. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 74, comprising the step of forming said second semiconductor layer by supplying a small amount of raw material gas which consists of said second semiconductor layer at a growth rate of 20 nm/min. or lower. 78. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 74, comprising the additional step of sealing the surface of said porous layer followed by conducting heat-treatment at a temperature higher than that for said sealing step prior to the formation of said second semiconductor layer, said sealing step comprising the steps of conducting heat-treatment on said porous layer under a hydrogen reducing atmosphere and/or supplying a small amount of raw material gas for said second semiconductor layer. 79. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 8, wherein said first member is obtained by forming a third semiconductor layer onto said second semiconductor layer made porous. 80. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 79, comprising the additional step of forming a protection layer on the walls of the pores in the porous layer of said second semiconductor layer made porous prior to the formation of said third semiconductor layer. 81. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 79, comprising the additional step of conducting heat-treatment on the porous layer of said second semiconductor layer made porous under a reducing atmosphere containing hydrogen prior to the formation of said third semiconductor layer. 82. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 79, comprising the step of forming said third semiconductor layer by supplying a small amount of raw material gas which consists of said third semiconductor layer at a growth rate of 20 nm/min. or lower. 83. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 79, comprising the additional step of sealing the surface of the porous layer of said second semiconductor layer made porous followed by conducting heat-treatment at a temperature higher than that for said sealing step prior to the formation of said third semiconductor layer, said sealing step comprising the steps of conducting heat-treatment of said porous layer under a hydrogen reducing atmosphere and/or supplying a small amount of raw material gas for said third semiconductor layer. 84. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in any one of claims 3 to 6, wherein the surface of said high concentration p-type silicon layer is smoothed prior to the epitaxial growth of said high concentration p-type silicon layer. 85. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 7 or 8, wherein said second semiconductor wafer is formed by smoothing the surface of said first semiconductor layer on said separated p-type semiconductor substrate. 86. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 85, wherein said smoothing step is carried out by conducting at least one treatment selected from the group consisting of surface-polishing, planing, etching, and heat-treatment. 87. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 86, wherein said heat-treatment is heat-treatment under a reducing atmosphere containing hydrogen. 88. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 87, wherein a temperature for said heat-treatment under a reducing atmosphere containing hydrogen is not lower than 800.degree. C. and not higher than the melting temperature of the component materials of said p-type semiconductor substrate. 89. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 7, comprising the additional step of transferring said second semiconductor layer to said second semiconductor substrate followed by removing said separation layer remaining on said second semiconductor layer. 90. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 8, comprising the additional step of transferring said third semiconductor layer to said second semiconductor substrate followed by removing said separation layer remaining on said second semiconductor layer. 91. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 89 or 90, wherein heat-treatment under a reducing atmosphere containing hydrogen is conducted after removing said remaining separation layer. 92. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in any one of claims 2, 4, 5, 6, and 7, wherein said separation through said separation layer is separation caused at a part selected from the group consisting of the inside, the upper surface, and the lower surface of said separation layer. 93. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 8, wherein said step of transferring said third semiconductor layer onto said second member is carried out by conducting separation at a part selected from the group consisting of the inside, the upper surface, and the lower surface of said first semiconductor layer made porous. 94. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in any one of claims 3 to 6, wherein said semiconductor layer and said low concentration p-type silicon layer are formed by the same CVD apparatus. 95. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in any one of claims 3 to 8, wherein said second semiconductor wafer is used for use other than that for said first and second members. 96. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 6, wherein an oxide film having a thickness of 10 nm to 10 .mu.m is formed on the back side of said p-type silicon substrate by said heat-treatment under an oxidizing atmosphere. 97. A method for using a semiconductor wafer, characterized by preparing a seed-wafer which has been used for manufacturing a bonded SOI substrate followed by conducting smoothing treatment on at least one surface of said seed-wafer so as to be sold as a semiconductor wafer. 98. A method for using a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 97, wherein the process for manufacturing said bonded SOI wafer comprises the steps of bonding a first member which has a monocrystalline semiconductor layer on a region of monocrystalline silicon through an insulating layer with a second member, and conducting separation through the inside and/or the surface of said separation layer. 99. A method for using a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 98, wherein said bonding step is the step of conducting separation through an insulating layer which is formed on said monocrystalline semiconductor layer and/or said second member. 100. A method for using a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 98, wherein said separation layer is selected from the group consisting of a porous layer which is formed by anodization treatment of a silicon substrate and a microbubble layer formed by ion implantation of at least one element selected from the group consisting of hydrogen, nitrogen, and rare gas. 101. A method for using a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 97, wherein said smoothing treatment comprises the step of mirror finish polishing. 102. A method for using a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 97, wherein said smoothing treatment is conducted on both sides of said seed-wafer. 103. A method for using a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 97, wherein mirror finish polishing is conducted on both sides of said seed-wafer to be sold as said semiconductor wafer. 104. A method for using a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 97, wherein said smoothing treatment comprises the step containing hydrogen annealing. 105. A method for using a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 97, comprising the additional step of forming an epitaxial semiconductor layer on said seed-wafer. 106. A process for manufacturing a semiconductor wafer as defined in claim 11, wherein said separation layer and said layer made porous is each formed by anodization treatment. 