A 3-in-1 motor power system comprises a motor body, a drive control mechanism, and a power transmission mechanism. A drive control circuit box is installed at an end face of the motor body, and a gear housing wherein a deceleration gear module is disposed is installed at the other end face thereof. A circuit board is disposed at an end face of the motor' stator. Stator's signals are transmitted via signal conducting needles to a drive control circuit in the circuit box. A rotor's lower bearing seat is disposed at the other end face of the motor's stator. A solar gear is disposed at the tail end of the rotor's axle, and engages planetary gears of the deceleration gear module. A deceleration gear seat is separately installed at the outer end face of the rotor's lower bearing seat. The deceleration gear module is received in the deceleration gear seat.
Claims I claim: 1. A 3-in-1 common-structure magneto motor power system comprising: a motor body mechanism comprising a stator, an exciting coil connection plate, a rotor, a motor's upper cover, and a rotor's lower bearing seat, said exciting coil connection plate being installed at an upper end face of a stator exciting coil, in and out signal terminals of said stator being electrically connected to signal conducting needles of said connection plate, said conducting needles insulatively passing through a through hole at an end face of said motor's upper cover, said rotor's lower bearing seat being disposed at a lower end face of said stator, a rotor's upper bearing seat being disposed at an inner end of said motor's upper cover, said upper and lower bearing seats concentrically clamping and supporting an axle of said rotor to rotate; a drive control mechanism comprising a drive control circuit and a drive control box, said drive control box being disposed at an outer end face of said motor's upper cover, said drive control circuit being disposed in said control box, said conducting needles transmitting stator's signals to said drive control circuit to let it directly drive a motor to rotate; and a power transmission mechanism comprising a deceleration planetary gear module and a gear module seat, said rotor axle protruding out of an outer end face of said rotor's lower bearing seat, a solar gear being disposed at the protruding tail end of said axle, said solar gear equiangularly engaging a plurality of planetary gears, said planetary gears then equiangularly engaging inner gears at the outer edge, said planetary gears being also equiangularly and concentrically positioned and installed on an output end plate and used as the final torsion output end of said power transmission mechanism, said torsion output mounting end being disposed at the center of said output end plate, said solar gear, said planetary gears, and said inner gears equiangularly engaging one another to decelerate the rotation speed and enlarge the motor's torsion, said deceleration planetary gear module being received in a recessed concentric positioning hole of said gear module seat, said gear module seat being also mounted and locked with said motor body mechanism and said rotor's lower bearing seat. 2. The 3-in-1 common-structure magneto motor power system as claimed in claim 1, wherein said torsion output mounting end comprises a tightly installed unidirectional rotation bearing, whose inner diameter is used as the final power output end, said unidirectional rotation bearing only provides power transmission output for unidirectional rotation of the motor, and the inner diameter of said unidirectional bearing will idle and will not transmit rotation power output of the motor when the motor rotates in the other direction. 3. The 1-in-1 common-structure magneto motor power system as claimed in claim 1, wherein said torsion output mounting end is not limited to any geometrical shape, and is used as the final power output end. 4. The 1-in-1 common-structure magneto motor power system as claimed in claim 1, wherein said torsion output mounting end is of circular hole or geometrical shape, a mounting axle corresponding to the circular hole or geometrical shape is provided, and said torsion output mounting end and said mounting axle are slipped with each other to let said mounting axle be used as the final power output end. 5. The 1-in-1 common-structure magneto motor power system as claimed in claim 1, wherein said solar gear at the tail end of said rotor axle is integrally formed with the tail end of said axle. 6. The 1-in-1 common-structure magneto motor power system as claimed in claim 1, wherein said solar gear at the tail end of said rotor axle is separately processed and then tightly positioned at the tail end of said rotor axle. 7. The 1-in-1 common-structure magneto motor power system as claimed in claim 1, wherein said deceleration planetary gear module comprises a positioning bearing, the inner diameter of said positioning bearing passes through an output end plate positioning seat, the outer diameter of said positioning bearing correspondingly passes through a recessed positioning hole of said deceleration planetary gear module. 8. The 3-in-1 common-structure magneto motor power system as claimed in claim 1, wherein a concentric positioning seat is provided at an outside end of said gear module seat, and said positioning seat is used as a concentric mounting end of said motor power system. 9. The 3-in-1 common-structure magneto motor power system as claimed in claim 1, wherein said drive control circuit is a power drive circuit for directly driving the motor to rotate. 10. The 1-in-1 common-structure magneto motor power system as claimed in claim 1, wherein said drive control circuit comprises a power drive circuit and a motor rotation control circuit, said motor rotation control circuit outputs instructions, and said power drive circuit drives the motor to rotate according to the instructions. 