A self generating electrical power unit which does not require an outside power source. The self generating power unit has a battery for supplying an initial starting power. A control box is coupled to the battery and is used for converting the initial starting power and for switching the distribution of power within the self generating electrical power unit. A motor is coupled to the control box. A generator is coupled to and powered by the motor.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A self generating electrical power unit comprising, in combination: a battery for supplying an initial starting power; a control box coupled to the battery for converting the initial starting power and for switching the distribution of power within the self generating electrical power unit; a motor coupled to the control box; and a generator coupled to and powered by the motor. 2. A self generating electrical power unit in accordance with claim 1 wherein the control box comprises: an inverter for converting the initial starting power from the battery to an alternating current power; and a sensor/start switch coupled to the motor and the generator for transferring the alternating current power to the motor and for routing power generated from the generator back to the motor. 3. A self generating electrical power unit in accordance with claim 1 further comprising a drive shaft coupled to the motor and the generator for transferring power from the motor to the generator. 4. A self generating electrical power unit in accordance with claim 1 further comprising a charger coupled to the battery for recharging the battery. 5. A self generating electrical power unit in accordance with claim 4 wherein the charger coupled to the battery is a solar panel. 6. A self generating electrical power unit comprising, in combination: a battery for supplying an initial starting power; a control box for converting the initial starting power and for switching the distribution of power in the self generating electrical power unit; a motor coupled to the control box; a generator; and a drive shaft coupled to the motor and the generator for transferring power from the motor to the generator; wherein the control box comprises: an inverter for converting the initial starting power from the battery to an alternating current power; and a sensor/start switch coupled to the motor and the generator for transferring the alternating current power to the motor and for routing power generated from the generator back to the motor. 7. A self generating electrical power unit in accordance with claim 6 further comprising a charger coupled to the battery for recharging the battery. 8. A self generating electrical power unit in accordance with claim 7 wherein the charger coupled to the battery is a solar panel. 9. A method of providing a self generating electrical power unit comprising the steps of: providing a battery for supplying an initial starting power; providing a control box for converting the initial starting power and for switching the distribution of power within the self generating electrical power unit; providing an inverter within the control box; providing a sensor/start switch within the control box coupling a motor to the control box; coupling a generator to the motor; transferring the initial staring power from the battery to the inverter; converting the initial staring power to an alternating current power; transferring the alternating current power to the motor to drive the motor; transferring energy generated by the motor to the generator; routing energy generated from the generator back to the motor. 10. The method of claim 9 wherein the step of routing energy generated from the generator back to the motor further comprises: routing the energy generated from the generator to the sensor/start switch; monitoring the energy generated from the generator at the sensor/start switch; and opening the sensor start switch to route the energy generated from the generator back to the motor when power from the generator reaches a predetermined value and flows for a predetermined time period. 