A wirelessly remote control battery powered self-video capturing capability camera mounting device system especially for handheld video camera. It provides the user the ability to control the video capturing direction of the handheld video camera from a distance away. The video camera mounting stage provides polar rotational movement both horizontally and vertically. The rotational movement is controlled by remote device as the input instructional device by the user. The signal is then transmitted to the video camera mounting stage via wireless signal transmission. The camera mounting stage receives the signals and generates functions to drive the designated motors to move the camera video capturing direction to the decided direction. The user can then confirm the results from the LCD screen of the video camera and fine tune the direction of the video camera mounting stage. This device provides the user the opportunity to be in the video while taking video pictures for the occasion. The device is rain resistance and provides a rain shield for the video camera.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A user-interactive battery powered portable, wirelessly remote control self-video capturing and rain resistance video camera mounting system comprising: A stator base subassembly as the stationary support of said device. A rotor subassembly rotates horizontally relative to the stator base. A first electric motor, which is supported within the rotor subassembly, is coupled to power drive transmission mechanism, rotates the rotor subassembly relatively to the stator base without angular limitation. A mechanical linkage is supported within the rotor subassembly and is perpendicular to the stator base, rotates through an axis parallel to the stator base. A second electric motor, which is supported within the rotor subassembly, is coupled to power drive transmission mechanism, rotates the above said mechanical linkage vertically against the above said axis relatively to the stator base. A video camera mount subassembly, which is supported by the said mechanical linkage, provides mounting mechanism to generic video camera. A PCBA equipped with signal receiver, which can be radio frequency signals receiver and/or infrared (IR) signals receiver, electronic components, firmware to receive the said wireless signals and generates electronic functions to drive the first electrical motor to perform the horizontal rotation and the second electrical motor to perform the vertical rotation of the said mechanical linkage. A battery holder, which is supported by the rotor subassembly, provides electrical power to the PCBA. A battery powered handheld device controller apparatus is equipped with electronic components, firmware and electrical switches to receive user input; and then generate wireless signals, which can be radio frequency signals and/or infrared (IR) signals, and then emit the said signals out. An internal threaded hole and a guide hole are provided in the center area of the bottom of the stator base to accommodate the generic mounting means of generic tripod and generic camera mounting devices. A rain resistance cover protects the said main system and seals off rain from entering into the inside chambers of the said main system. A transparent video camera rain shield subassembly, which is supported by the said mechanical linkage provides rain protection to generic video camera and allows the video camera to perform the video capturing functions in the rain. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said power transmission mechanism of the said first electrical motor is coupled by a torque coupler within the chain of mechanism to tolerate the axial misalignment between the said motor and the rest of the mechanism for the provision of the horizontal rotary motion of a camera mounting device. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein said the said camera mounting device also include battery powered camera mounting device, solar powered camera mounting device, portable camera mounting device and DC powered camera mounting device. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said power transmission mechanism of the said second electrical motor is coupled by a torque coupler within the chain of mechanism to tolerate the axial misalignment between the said motor and the rest of the mechanism for the provision of vertical rotary motion of a camera mounting device. 5. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein said the said camera mounting device also include battery powered camera mounting device, solar powered camera mounting device, portable camera mounting device and DC powered camera mounting device. 6. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein said a worm and worm gear system is part of the power transmission mechanism coupled to the said first electrical motor for the provision of the horizontal rotary motion of a camera mounting device. 7. The apparatus of claim 6, wherein said the said camera mounting device also include battery powered camera mounting device, solar powered camera mounting device, portable camera mounting device and DC powered camera mounting device. 8. The apparatus of claim 6, wherein said first electrical motor does not require electrical holding current applied to the said motor in order to prevent mechanical slippage of the said first electrical motor and power transmission mechanism for the provision of the horizontal rotary motion of a camera mounting device. 9. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein said the said camera mounting device also include battery powered camera mounting device, solar powered camera mounting device, portable camera mounting device and DC powered camera mounting device. 10. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein said a worm and worm gear system is part of the power transmission mechanism to the said second electrical motor for the provision of vertical rotary motion of a camera mounting device. 11. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein said the said camera mounting device also include battery powered camera mounting device, solar powered camera mounting device, portable camera mounting device and DC powered camera mounting device. 12. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein said second electrical motor does not require electrical holding current applied to the said motor in order to prevent mechanical slippage of the said second electrical motor and power transmission mechanism for the provision of vertical rotary motion of a camera mounting device. 13. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said the main system is equipped with a rain resistance seal between the said stator base and the said rotor subassembly to seal off rain from entering into the inside chambers of a camera mounting device. 14. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein said the said camera mounting device also include battery powered camera mounting device, solar powered camera mounting device, portable camera mounting device and DC powered camera mounting device. 15. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said at least one limit switch is used to set and detect the vertical rotational limit of the said mechanical linkage of vertical rotary motion of a camera mounting device. 16. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said at least portion of the said rain resistance cover is made of soft material to allow bending and folding of the said cover of a camera mounting device. 17. The apparatus of claim 16, wherein said the said camera mounting device also include battery powered camera mounting device, solar powered camera mounting device, portable camera mounting device and DC powered camera mounting device. 18. The apparatus of claim 16, wherein said the said rain resistance cover can comprise of more than on piece part assembled together. 19. The apparatus of claim 16, wherein said at least a portion of the said cover material can be transparent to allow the portion of the camera mounting device covered by the said cover to be visible. 20. The apparatus of claim 16, wherein said the entire said rain resistance cover or at least portion of the said rain resistance cover is made of elastic material such as rubber, polyester, nylon and silicon rubber alike. 21. The apparatus of claim 20, wherein said a stretch-seal method to used to protect the inside chamber from rain. The said cover with an opening to wrap around at least a section of a portion of the camera mounting device where the length of the perimeter of the said section of the camera mounting device is larger than the length of the opening perimeter of the said section of the said cover. The elastic properties of the said cover material exert a pressure around the said section of the camera mounting device and forms a rain resistance seal of a camera mounting device 22. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said the video camera rain shield is supported by a camera mounting device. 23. The apparatus of claim 22, wherein said the said camera mounting device also include battery powered camera mounting device, solar powered camera mounting device, portable camera mounting device and DC powered camera mounting device. 24. The apparatus of claim 22, wherein said the video camera rain shield is supported by a mechanical linkage of the vertical rotational system of a camera mounting device. 25. The apparatus of claim 22, wherein said the video camera rain shield is supported by a mechanical linkage of the tilt section of the vertical rotational system of a camera mounting device. 26. The apparatus of claim 22, wherein said the video camera rain shield can comprise of more than one part. 27. The apparatus of claim 26, wherein said at least a portion of the one component of the video camera rain shield is made of transparent material of polycarbonate, nylon, polyester, acrylic, glass or alike. 28. The apparatus of claim 22, wherein said the video camera rain shield protects at least portion of the top plan surface of the video camera mounted to the said camera mounting device. 29. The apparatus of claim 22, wherein said the video camera rain shield protects at least a portion of any one or all of the four side surfaces of the video camera mounted to the said camera mounting device. A said side surface is defined as a surface perpendicular to the top plan surface of the video camera. The four side surfaces are defined as front, back, left and right surface. 30. The apparatus of claim 22, wherein said the video rain shield consists of: A frame, supported by the said camera mounting device A rain protector fastened to a frame by at least one fastener. 31. The apparatus of claim 30, wherein said the rain protector can be a single transparent piece covering the top, front, back, left and right surfaces. 32. The apparatus of claim 30, wherein said the said frame is supported by the mechanical linkage of the tilt section of the vertical rotational system. Tilt section is defined as the portion of the camera mounting device that tilts vertically relative to the stator base. 33. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said a battery powered handheld device controller comprises It receives input from user through at least one electrical switch. It generates radio frequency signals. It emits the signals wirelessly to a camera mounting device with a radio frequency signal receiver to drive a servo motor or a stepper motor, which is coupled to power transmission mechanism to perform horizontal rotational clockwise and counterclockwise movements of a rotary stage relatively to a stationary base 34. The apparatus of claim 33, wherein said a battery powered handheld device controller is a variable speed controller. 35. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said a battery powered handheld device controller comprises It receives input from user through at least one electrical switch. It generates infrared (IR) signals. It emits the signals wirelessly to a camera mounting device with a infrared (IR) signal receiver to drive a servo motor or a stepper motor, which is coupled to power transmission mechanism to perform horizontal rotational clockwise and counterclockwise movements of a rotary stage relatively to a stationary base 36. The apparatus of claim 35, wherein said a battery powered handheld device controller can be a variable speed controller. 37. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said a battery powered handheld device controller comprises It receives input from user through at least one electrical switch. It generates radio frequency signals. It emits the signals wirelessly to a camera mounting device with a radio frequency signal receiver to drive a servo motor or a stepper motor, which is coupled to power transmission mechanism to perform vertical rotational clockwise and counterclockwise movements of a mechanical linkage supported within the said camera mounting device with a pivoting axis parallel to the stationary base 38. The apparatus of claim 37, wherein said a battery powered handheld device controller can be a variable speed controller. 39. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said a battery powered handheld device controller comprises It receives input from user through at least one electrical switch. It generates infrared (IR) signals. It emits the signals wirelessly to a camera mounting device with a infrared (IR) signal receiver to drive a servo motor or a stepper motor, which is coupled to power transmission mechanism to perform vertical rotational clockwise and counterclockwise movements of a mechanical linkage supported within the said camera mounting device with a pivoting axis parallel to the stationary base 40. The apparatus of claim 39, wherein said a battery powered handheld device controller can be a variable speed controller. 41. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said an electrical motor driven rotor subassembly of a battery powered horizontal rotary camera mounting stage can rotate clockwise and counterclockwise relatively to its stationary base with no angular limitation. 42. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said a camera mounting device apparatus: Receives radio frequency signals wirelessly. Generates at electrical functions to drive at least one servo motor or a stepper motor to perform horizontal rotational motion and/or vertical rotational motion. 43. The apparatus of claim 42, wherein said the said camera mounting device also include battery powered camera mounting device, solar powered camera mounting device, portable camera mounting device and DC powered camera mounting device. 44. The apparatus of claim 42, wherein said the said camera mounting device provides a fastener with an external threaded section for fastening to the threaded hole provided at the bottom of a generic video camera. 45. The apparatus of claim 44, wherein said the external threaded section of the said fastener is 1/4-20 UNC external thread. 46. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said a camera mounting device: Receives infrared (IR) signals wirelessly. Generates at electrical functions to drive at least one servo motor or a stepper motor to perform horizontal rotational motion and/or vertical rotational motion. 46. The apparatus of claim 46, wherein said the said camera mounting device also include battery powered camera mounting device, solar powered camera mounting device, portable camera mounting device and DC powered camera mounting device. 47. The apparatus of claim 45, wherein said the said camera mounting device provides a fastener with an external threaded section for fastening to the threaded hole provided at the bottom of a generic video camera. 48. The apparatus of claim 47, wherein said the external threaded section of the said fastener is 1/4-20 UNC external thread. 49. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said the bottom surface of the said camera mounting device provides at least one threaded mounting hole to adapt the threaded fastener provide by generic tripod for generic camera mounting. 50. The apparatus of claim 49, wherein said the said threaded mounting hole is of 1/4-20 UNC internal thread. 51. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said the bottom surface of the said camera mounting device provides at least one hole to adapt the guide pin provide by generic tripod for generic camera mounting orientation. 52. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said the said video camera mount subassembly has At least one recess hole to receive the said mechanical linkage, which is a component of the tilt section of the vertical rotational system of a camera mounting device. The said mechanical linkage of the tilt section provides the bottom support to the said video camera mount subassembly. Only a one fastener is enough to fasten the video camera mount subassembly securely to the said mechanical linkage of the tilt section. 53. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said the center of gravity of a wireless remote control portable camera mounting device, which has at least one electrically driven horizontal rotary stage and at least one electrically driven vertical tilt function, is less than 6.00 inches, as measured perpendicularly from the reference surface where the said camera mounting device is resting on. 54. The apparatus of claim 53, wherein said the said camera mounting device also include battery powered camera mounting device, solar powered camera mounting device, portable camera mounting device and DC powered camera mounting device. 55. A method of controlling a camera mounting device remotely by a remote controller wirelessly: A remote controller device generates signals, which also include radio frequency signals, infrared (IR) signals and emits the said signals wirelessly. A camera mounting device detects the said signals, receives the said signals and generates electrical functions to drive at least one electrical motor, which includes AC motor, DC motor, servo motor, stepper motor, rotary voice coil motor and linear voice coil motor. Wirelessly is defined as signals transmitted from the said remote controller to the said camera mounting device without passing through at least one electric conductor or fiber-optic cable directly and/or indirectly. The said camera mounting device also includes battery powered camera mounting device, solar powered camera mounting device, portable camera mounting device and DC powered camera mounting device. 