A signage system for a traffic area, the traffic area comprising visually-identifiable boundary markers, the signage system having sign means at the boundary markers, the sign means visually viewable by an occupant of a vehicle adjacent the boundary markers. The signage system further having interaction apparatus at the parking lot for providing communication between a vehicle occupant and an entity remote from the traffic area. The signage system wherein the sign means has at least one electronic display apparatus for presenting information to a person at the traffic area.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A signage system for a traffic area, the traffic area comprising visually-identifiable boundary markers, the signage system comprising sign means at the boundary markers, the sign means visually viewable by an occupant of a vehicle adjacent the boundary markers. 2. The signage system of claim 1 wherein the sign means is within the boundary markers. 3. The signage system of claim 1 wherein the sign means includes signage from the group consisting of logo, trademark, service mark, trade name, brand message, phone number, symbols, advertising, internet website address, geographic directions, and radio station setting. 4. The signage system of claim 1 further comprising interaction apparatus at the parking area for providing communication between a person at the traffic area and an entity remote from the traffic area. 5. The signage system of claim 4 further comprising remote control apparatus for selectively activating the interaction apparatus. 6. The signage system of claim 4 wherein the interaction apparatus is electrically powered and the signage system further comprises solar power means for providing electrical power to the interaction apparatus. 7. The signage system of claim 4 wherein the entity is from the group consisting of a live person, a business, a database, security personnel, and a message playback system. 8. The signage system of claim 1 wherein the traffic area is a parking lot. 9. The signage system of claim 1 wherein the traffic area is a roadway. 10. The signage system of claim 1 wherein the traffic area is a crosswalk. 11. The signage system of claim 1 wherein the sign means includes traffic marking tape which has thereon or therein information indicia. 12. The signage system of claim 1 wherein the traffic area includes pavement and the sign means is applied to the pavement. 13. The signage system of claim 12 wherein the sign means includes at least one electronic display apparatus for presenting information to a person at the traffic area. 14. The signage system of claim 13 wherein the at least one electronic display apparatus is from the group consisting of screen, panel, flat screen, back-lit panel, back-lit screen, and video monitor. 15. The signage system of claim 13 further comprising switch apparatus interconnected with the at least one electronic display for selective activation of the at least one electronic display. 16. The signage system of claim 13 further comprising remote control apparatus for selectively activating the at least one electronic display. 17. The signage system of claim 13 wherein the at least one electronic display presents a static image. 18. The signage system of claim 13 wherein the at least one electronic display presents a series of images presented sequentially. 19. The signage system of claim 13 wherein the at least one electronic display presents a series of moving images. 20. The signage system of claim 13 wherein the at least one electronic display is electrically powered and the signage system further comprises solar power means for providing electrical power to the at least one electronic display. 21. The signage system of claim 1 wherein the boundary markers include at least one curb. 22. The signage system of claim 1 further comprising camera means at the traffic area. 23. A signage system for a traffic area, the traffic area comprising visually-identifiable boundary markers, the signage system comprising sign means at the boundary markers, the sign means visually viewable by a person adjacent the boundary markers, interaction apparatus at the parking area for providing communication between a vehicle occupant at the traffic area and an entity remote from the traffic area, wherein the entity is from the group consisting of a live person, a business, a database, security personnel, and a message playback system, wherein the traffic area is from the group consisting of parking lot, roadway, and crosswalk, wherein the traffic area includes pavement and the sign means is applied to the pavement, wherein the sign means includes at least one electronic display apparatus for presenting information to a person at the traffic area, and wherein the at least one electronic display apparatus is from the group consisting of screen, panel, flat screen, back-lit panel, back-lit screen, and video monitor. 24. A signage system for a traffic area, the traffic area having visually-identifiable curbing, the signage system comprising sign means in the curbing, the sign means visually viewable by an occupant of a vehicle adjacent the curbing, at least one electronic display apparatus for presenting information to a person at the traffic area, and the at least one electronic display apparatus is from the group consisting of screen, panel, flat screen, back-lit panel, back-lit screen, and video monitor. 25. Any invention disclosed herein. 