A health indicating watch capable of measuring and displaying by digital readout the user's body temperature, pulse, and blood pressure. The watch can show the time of day, beep when a monitoring function is complete, has an illumination unit for lighting the display, records information, has a printout capability, and can download functions to an external computer. The watch is solar powered and provides a page when a caller wishes to communicate with the wearer of the health watch.
Claims We claim: 1. A health indicating wristwatch comprising: a module housing having a wristband and capable of being worn on a wrist; a liquid crystal display portion disposed on a top surface of the module housing for exhibiting a digital readout; a microcontroller enclosed in the module; a solar cell charging circuit and rechargeable battery enclosed in the module connected to solar cells mounted on the module housing and exposed to light for energizing the microcontroller; a chronometer enclosed in the module; sensing means enclosed in and on the module for measuring the wearer's body functions of body temperature, pulse and blood pressure; and a push-in program activating knob located on a side of the module for selecting a function for display on the liquid crystal display. 2. The health indicating wristwatch according to claim 1, further comprising an illumination unit disposed in the module for illuminating the liquid display portion. 3. The health indicating wristwatch according to claim 1, further comprising a beeper unit disposed in the module for indicating when a monitoring function is complete. 4. The health indicating wristwatch according to claim 1, further comprising a pager unit disposed in the module. 5. The health indicating wristwatch according to claim 4, wherein the pager unit digitizes the caller's telephone number. 6. The health indicating wristwatch according to claim 1, further comprising an information recording means for recording information disposed in the module. 7. The health indicating wristwatch according to claim 1, further comprising a downloading terminal mounted in the module housing. 8. The health indicating wristwatch according to claim 7, wherein the downloading terminal is adapted for downloading to an external computer. 9. The health indicating wristwatch according to claim 1, further comprising a printer disposed in the module housing. 10. The health indicating wristwatch according to claim 9, wherein the printer is capable of printing out information on a tape and feeding the tape outside the module. 