Each PV assembly of an array of PV assemblies comprises a base, a PV module and a support assembly securing the PV module to a position overlying the upper surface of the base. Vents are formed through the base. A pressure equalization path extends from the outer surface of the PV module, past the peripheral edge of the PV module, to and through at least one of the vents, and to the lower surface of the base to help reduce wind uplift forces on the PV assembly. The PV assemblies may be interengaged, such as by interengaging the bases of adjacent PV assemblies. The base may include a main portion and a cover and the bases of adjacent PV assemblies may be interengaged by securing the covers of adjacent bases together.
Claims 1. An array of pressure-equalizing photovoltaic (PV) assemblies mountable to a support surface, each said PV assembly comprising: a base having an upper surface and a lower surface; a PV module having an inner surface, an outer surface and a peripheral edge; a support assembly securing the PV module to a position overlying the upper surface of the base; vents formed through the base; and a pressure equalization path extending from the outer surface of the PV module, past the peripheral edge, to and through at least one of said vents, and to the lower surface of the base, whereby pressure equalization between the outer surface of the PV module and the lower surface of the base is provided to help reduce wind uplift forces on the PV assembly. 2. The array according to claim 1 wherein at least some of said vents are generally aligned or coincident with the peripheral edge. 3. The array according to claim 1 wherein the portion of said path extending from said peripheral edge to said at least one of the vents is an unobstructed path portion. 4. The array according to claim 1 wherein the base has an outer edge and at least one of said vents is positioned between the outer edge and the support assembly. 5. The array according to claim 1 wherein adjacent ones of said PV assemblies engage one another so wind uplift forces on one of said PV assemblies tend to transfer to adjacent PV assemblies so to help counteract said wind uplift forces. 6. The array according to claim 1 wherein adjacent ones of said PV assemblies engage at at least one of said bases, said PV modules and said support assemblies so wind uplift forces on one of said PV assemblies tend to transfer to adjacent PV assemblies so to help counteract said wind uplift forces. 7. The array according to claim 1 wherein the base comprises an electrical conductor, and further comprising electrical ground connectors between the electrical conductors. 8. The array according to claim 7 wherein the electrical ground connectors electrically connected adjacent ones of said electrical conductors. 9. The array according to claim 1 wherein the base comprises a main member and a cover defining the upper surface of the base. 10. The array according to claim 9 wherein the cover is an electrical conductor, and further comprising electrical ground connectors between adjacent ones of the electrical conductors. 11. The array according to claim 10 wherein the cover comprises an electrically-insulating surface layer. 12. The array according to claim 9 wherein the covers of adjacent PV assemblies are interengaged to further help resist wind uplift forces. 13. The array according to claim 9 wherein the bases of adjacent PV assemblies are interengaged so wind uplift forces on one of said PV assemblies tend to transfer to adjacent PV assemblies so to help counteract said wind uplift forces. 14. The array according to claim 13 wherein the bases of adjacent PV assemblies are interengaged by securing the covers of adjacent bases together. 15. The array according to claim 13 wherein bases of adjacent PV assemblies are interengaged using tongue and groove interengagement elements. 16. The array according to claim 1 wherein the base comprises a main member and a cover, the main member comprising a thermal insulator and the cover comprising a low-emissivity layer thereby reducing heat transfer between the base and the support surface. 17. The array according to claim 1 further comprising a low-emissivity layer positioned at at least a chosen one of the inner surface of the PV module, the upper surface of the base and a position therebetween. 18. The array according to claim 1 wherein the PV module comprises a flexible PV panel mounted to a PV panel stiffener. 19. The array according to claim 1 wherein said vents have a total cross-sectional area of V and the PV module has a total surface area of P and the percentage of V to P is about 0.02% to 50% thereby aiding the ability to use a PV assembly having a weight of about 5-25 kg per square m while avoiding the need for attachment of the PV assembly to the support surface. 20. The array according to claim 1 wherein said vents have a total cross-sectional area of V and the PV module has a total surface area of P and the percentage of V to P is about 0.05% to 5% thereby aiding the ability to use a PV assembly having a weight of about 5-25 kg per square m while avoiding the need for attachment of the PV assembly to the support surface. 21. The array according to claim 1 wherein said vents have a total cross-sectional area of V and the PV module has a total surface area of P and the percentage of V to P is about 0.07% to 2% thereby aiding the ability to use a PV assembly having a weight of about 5-25 kg per square m while avoiding the need for attachment of the PV assembly to the support surface. 22. The array according to claim 1 wherein said vents have a total cross-sectional area of V and the PV module has a total surface area of P and the percentage of V to P is at least about 0.02% thereby aiding the ability to use a PV assembly having a weight of about 525 kg per square m while avoiding the need for attachment of the PV module to the support surface. 23. The array according to claim 1 wherein said vents have a total cross-sectional area of V and the PV module has a total surface area of P and the percentage of V to P is at least about 0.07% thereby aiding the ability to use a PV assembly having a weight of about 525 kg per square m while avoiding the need for attachment of the PV module to the support surface. 24. The array according to claim 1 wherein the inner surface of the PV module is separated from the upper surface of the base. 25. The array according to claim 1 wherein at least one of said vents is positioned generally centrally beneath the PV module. 26. The array according to claim 1 wherein the support assembly is a multi-position support assembly and comprises first and second parts securing the PV module to to the base at shipping and inclined-use angles relative to the base, said shipping angle being generally 0 degrees, said inclined-use angle being a first acute angle with the PV module extending away from the base. 27. The array according to claim 26 wherein the second part comprises a strut, a first fastener element, at a chosen end of the strut, and a second fastener element, at a chosen one of the PV module and the base, with which the first fastener element engages so to secure the PV module at said inclined-use angle. 28. The array according to claim 27 wherein said first and second fastener elements comprise first and second clip elements. 29. The array according to claim 26 further comprising: a deflector; and a multi-position deflector support securing the deflector to the base at deflector shipping and deflector inclined-use angles relative to the base, said deflector shipping angle being generally 0 degrees, said deflector inclined-use angle being a second acute angle with the deflector extending away from the base. 30. The array according to claim 29 wherein the second deflector support part comprises a deflector strut, a first deflector clip element, at a chosen end of the deflector strut, and a second deflector clip element, at a chosen one of the deflector and the base, with which the first deflector clip element engages so to secure the deflector at said deflector inclined-use angle. 31. The array according to claim 1 wherein the PV module is oriented at a first angle to the base, the PV module extending away from the base. 32. The array according to claim 31 further comprising a deflector oriented at a second angle to the base by a deflector support. 33. The array according to claim 32 wherein the module and deflector have opposed portions that define a gap therebetween. 34. The array according to claim 33 wherein at least one of said vents are generally vertically aligned or coincident with said gap. 35. The array according to claim 33 wherein the opposed module and deflector portions are substantially the same distance from the base. 36. The array according to claim 33 wherein the gap is about 2-8 cm wide. 37. The array according to claim 33 wherein said outer surface of said PV module has an area equal to about P and the total cross-sectional area of each of said vents that are generally vertically aligned with said gap is about w, the percentage of w to P being about 0.1% to 50%. 38. The array according to claim 33 wherein said outer surface of said PV module has an area equal to about P and the total cross-sectional area of each of said vents that are generally vertically aligned with said gap is about w, the percentage of w to P being about 0.4% to 5%. 39. The array according to claim 33 further comprising at least one hollow conduit fluidly coupling the gap and said at least one vent. 40. The array according to claim 33 wherein said gap is a generally constant-width gap. 41. The array according to claim 1 wherein said at least some of said vents are positioned between said support assembly and the peripheral edge of the PV module. 42. The array according to claim 1 wherein a portion of the pressure equalization path between the peripheral edge and said at least one of said vents is a direct, unobstructed path. 43. The array according to claim 42 wherein said path portion is a constrained leakage path portion. 44. The array according to claim 43 wherein said constrained leakage path portion is at least partially defined by said support assembly. 45. The array according to claim 43 wherein said constrained leakage path portion is at least partially defined by a hollow conduit. 46. The array according to claim 1 wherein the peripheral edges of adjacent PV modules are separated by an average distance of about d. 47. The array according to claim 46 wherein: the inner surface of the PV module is separated from the upper surface of the base by an average distance of about h; and the d/h ratio being between about 0.1 to 6. 48. The array according to claim 46 wherein: the inner surface of the PV module is separated from the upper surface of the base by an average distance of about h; and the d/h ratio being between about 0.5 to 3. 49. The array according to claim 1 wherein adjacent ones of said PV assemblies are physically secured to one another. 50. The array according to claim 1 wherein said array of PV modules is circumscribed by a perimeter assembly. 51. The array according to claim 50 wherein the perimeter assembly comprises perimeter elements. 52. The array according to claim 51 wherein the perimeter assembly comprises means for maintaining said array of PV assemblies in a chosen configuration. 53. The array according to claim 52 wherein the configuration maintaining means comprises at least one of: means for securing adjacent ones of the perimeter elements to one another; means for securing the perimeter elements to adjacent ones of the PV assemblies; and cross strapping, extending at least one of above, below or through the array, securing one said perimeter element to a non-adjacent perimeter element. 54. The array according to claim 52 wherein the configuration maintaining means comprises means for rigidifying the perimeter assembly. 55. The array according to claim 51 wherein the perimeter elements engage one another. 56. The array according to claim 51 wherein the perimeter elements are fastened to the PV assemblies. 57. The array according to claim 51 wherein the perimeter elements engage the PV assemblies. 58. The array according to claim 56 wherein the perimeter elements weigh about 3-52 kg per linear m. 59. The array according to claim 56 wherein the perimeter elements weigh about 18-30 kg per linear m. 60. The array according to claim 51 wherein the perimeter elements are secured to one another so to create a belt-like perimeter assembly. 61. The array according to claim 50 wherein the perimeter assembly is a continuous, belt-like perimeter assembly, and further comprising cross-strapping, extending at least one of above, below or through the array, securing a first position along the perimeter assembly to at least a second position along the perimeter assembly thereby stabilizing the array against wind up-lift forces. 62. The array according to claim 61 wherein said first and second positions are on opposite sides of the array. 63. The array according to claim 61 wherein the perimeter assembly is secured to the PV assemblies. 64. The array according to claim 50 wherein said perimeter assembly comprises an upper edge, said upper edge being generally aligned with or above the PV modules. 65. The array according to claim 64 wherein the perimeter assembly comprises a sloped surface extending upwardly towards the PV modules. 66. A PV system comprising: a support surface; an array of pressure-equalizing photovoltaic (PV) assemblies mounted to the support surface, each said PV assembly comprising: a base having an upper surface and a lower surface; a PV module having an inner surface, an outer surface and a peripheral edge; a support assembly securing the PV module to a position overlying the upper surface of the base; vents formed through the base; and a pressure equalization path extending from the outer surface of the PV module, past the peripheral edge, to and through at least one of said vents, and to the lower surface of the base, whereby pressure equalization between the outer surface of the PV module and the lower surface of the base is provided to help reduce wind uplift forces on the PV assembly; and said peripheral edges of adjacent PV modules being separated by an average distance of about d. 67. The system according to claim 66 wherein at least some of said vents are generally aligned or coincident with the peripheral edge. 68. The system according to claim 66 wherein the portion of said path extending from said peripheral edge to said at least one of the vents is an unobstructed path portion. 69. The system according to claim 66 wherein the base has an outer edge and at least one of said vents is positioned between the outer edge and the support assembly. 70. The system according to claim 66 wherein the PV assemblies are unattached to the support surface. 71. The system according to claim 66 wherein the PV assemblies are secured to the support surface using securing elements which to do not penetrate the support surface. 72. The system according to claim 71 wherein the securing elements comprise an adhesive. 73. The system according to claim 66 wherein said the support surface comprises a surface with alternating ridges and troughs. 74. The system according to claim 73 wherein said array of PV assemblies is supported by said ridges. 75. The system according to claim 73 further comprising filler elements within the troughs beneath the array of PV assemblies. 76. The system according to claim 75 wherein said array of PV assemblies comprises a perimeter and the filler elements are located along the perimeter. 77. The system according to claim 73 wherein at least one of said vents is located generally centrally beneath each of a plurality of the PV modules. 78. The system according to claim 66 further comprising a perimeter assembly circumscribing said array. 79. The system according to claim 78 wherein said perimeter assembly is fixed to the support surface by at least one of: an adhesive, screws, clips, ballast weight. 80. The system according to claim 79 wherein said perimeter assembly comprises a plurality of perimeter elements. 81. A PV assembly, for use on a support surface, comprising: a base having an upper surface and a lower surface; a PV module having an inner surface, an outer surface and a peripheral edge; a module support assembly securing the PV module to a position overlying the upper surface of the base; the PV module being oriented at a first angle to the base, the PV module extending away from the base from a first module portion to a second module portion; a deflector oriented at a second angle to the base by a deflector support, the deflector having first and second deflector portions, the deflector extending away from the base from the first deflector portion to the second deflector portion; the second module and deflector portions defining a gap therebetween; vents formed through the base; and a pressure equalization path extending from the outer surface of the PV module, through the gap, to and through at least one of said vents, and to the lower surface of the base, whereby pressure equalization between the outer surface of the PV module and the lower surface of the base is provided to help reduce wind uplift forces on the PV assembly. 82. The assembly according to claim 81 wherein at least some of said vents are generally vertically aligned or coincident with said gap. 83. The assembly according to claim 81 wherein the module support assembly is a multi-position support assembly and comprises first and second parts securing first and second portions of the PV module to the base at shipping and inclined-use angles relative to the base, said shipping angle being about 0 degrees or about 180 degrees, said inclined-use angle being an acute angle with the PV module extending away from the base from the first module portion to the second module portion. 84. At the assembly according to claim 83 wherein the second part comprises a strut, a first clip element, at a chosen end of the strut, and a second clip element, at a chosen one of the PV module and the base, with which the first clip element engages so to secure the PV module at said inclined-use angle. 85. The assembly according to claim 81 further comprising: a multi-position deflector support comprising first and second deflector parts securing first and second deflector portions to the base at deflector shipping and deflector inclined-use angles relative to the base, said deflector shipping angle being about 0 degrees or about 180 degrees, said deflector inclined-use angle being an acute angle with the PV module extending away from the base from the first deflector portion to the second deflector portion. 86. The assembly according to claim 85 wherein the second deflector part comprises a deflector strut, a first deflector clip element, at a chosen end of the deflector strut, and a second deflector clip element, at a chosen one of the deflector and the base, with which the first deflector clip element engages so to secure the deflector at said deflector inclined-use angle. 87. The array according to claim 81 further comprising at least one hollow conduit fluidly coupling the gap and said at least one vent. 88. The array according to claim 81 wherein said gap is a generally constant-width gap. 89. The array according to claim 81 wherein said at least one said vent is positioned between said support assembly and the peripheral edge of the PV module. 90. The array according to claim 89 wherein a portion of the pressure equalization path between the gap and said at least one said vent is a direct, unobstructed path. 91. The array according to claim 90 wherein said path portion is a constrained leakage path portion. 92. The array according to claim 91 wherein said constrained leakage path portion is at least partially defined by said module support assembly. 93. The array according to claim 91 wherein said constrained leakage path portion is at least partially defined by a hollow conduit. 94. A PV system comprising: a support surface comprising alternating ridges and troughs; and an array of pressure-equalizing photovoltaic (PV) assemblies, each of a plurality of said PV assemblies comprising: a base having an upper surface and a lower surface; a PV module having an inner surface, an outer surface, a center and a peripheral edge; a support assembly securing the PV module to a position overlying the upper surface of the base; a vent formed through the base between the center of the PV module and the support assembly; a pressure equalization path extending from the outer surface of the PV module, past the peripheral edge, to and through said vent, and to the lower surface of the base; and whereby pressure equalization between the outer surface of the PV module and the lower surface of the base is provided to help reduce wind uplift forces on the PV assembly. 95. The system according to claim 94 wherein said array of PV assemblies is supported by said ridges. 96. The system according to claim 94 further comprising filler elements within the troughs beneath the array of PV assemblies. 97. The system according to claim 96 wherein said array of PV assemblies comprises a perimeter and the filler elements are located along the perimeter. 98. The system according to claim 94 wherein said each of said plurality of PV assemblies comprises a second vent formed through the base at a position generally aligned or coincident with the peripheral edge. 99. The system according to claim 94 further comprising thermal insulation located within the troughs between the lower surface of the base and the support surface. 100. The system according to claim 99 wherein said thermal insulation comprises at least one of blocks of insulation and sprayed-on foam insulation. 101. The system according to claim 94 further comprising a perimeter assembly circumscribing said array of PV modules. 102. The system according to claim 101 wherein said perimeter assembly comprises an upper edge, said upper edge being generally aligned with or above the PV modules. 103. The system according to claim 101 wherein the perimeter assembly comprises a sloped surface extending upwardly towards the PV modules. 104. A method for reducing wind uplift forces on an array of pressure-equalizing photovoltaic (PV) assemblies mountable to a support surface, each said PV assembly comprising a base having an upper surface and a lower surface, a PV module having an inner surface, an outer surface and a peripheral edge, and a support assembly securing the PV module to a position overlying the upper surface of the base, the method comprising: forming vents through the base; and creating a pressure equalization path extending from the outer surface of the PV module, past the peripheral edge, to and through at least one of said vents, and to the lower surface of the base, whereby pressure equalization between the outer surface of the PV module and the lower surface of the base is provided to help reduce wind uplift forces on the PV assembly. 105. The method according to claim 104 further comprising positioning at least some of said vents to be generally aligned or coincident with the peripheral edge. 106. The method according to claim 104 wherein the creating step is carried out so that the portion of said path extending from said peripheral edge to said at least one of the vents is an unobstructed path portion. 107. The method according to claim 104 further comprising interengaging adjacent ones of said PV assemblies so wind uplift forces on one of said PV assemblies tend to transfer to adjacent PV assemblies so to help counteract said wind uplift forces. 108. The method according to claim 104 further comprising selecting a base comprising an electrical conductor, and further comprising electrically grounding the electrical conductors of adjacent ones of said PV assemblies. 109. The method according to claim 104 wherein said vents forming step is carried out so said vents for one said PV assembly have a total cross-sectional area of V and the PV module has a total surface area of P and the percentage of V to P is about 0.02% to 50% thereby aiding the ability to use a PV assembly having a weight of about 5-25 kg per square m while avoiding the need for attachment of the PV module to the support surface. 110. The method according to claim 104 wherein said vents forming step is carried out so said vents for one said PV assembly have a total cross-sectional area of V and the PV module has a total surface area of P and the percentage of V to P is about 0.05% to 5% thereby aiding the ability to use a PV assembly having a weight of about 5-25 kg per square m while avoiding the need for attachment of the PV module to the support surface. 111. The method according to claim 104 wherein said vents forming step is carried out so said vents for one said PV assembly have a total cross-sectional area of V and the PV module has a total surface area of P and the percentage of V to P is about 0.07% to 2% thereby aiding the ability to use a PV assembly having a weight of about 5-25 kg per square m while avoiding the need for attachment of the PV module to the support surface. 112. The method according to claim 104 wherein said vents forming step is carried out so said vents for one said PV assembly have a total cross-sectional area of V and the PV module has a total surface area of P and the percentage of V to P is at least about 0.02% thereby aiding the ability to use a PV assembly having a weight of about 5-25 kg per square m while avoiding the need for attachment of the PV module to the support surface. 113. The method according to claim 104 wherein said vents forming step is carried out so said vents for one said PV assembly have a total cross-sectional area of V and the PV module has a total surface area of P and the percentage of V to P is at least about 0.07% thereby aiding the ability to use a PV assembly having a weight of about 5-25 kg per square m while avoiding the need for attachment of the PV module to the support surface. 114. The method according to claim 104 further comprising orienting the PV module at a first angle to the base so that the PV module extends away from the base from a first module portion to a second module portion. 115. The method according to claim 114 further comprising mounting a deflector, having first and second deflector portions, to the base so that the deflector extends away from the base from the first deflector portion to the second deflector portion. 116. The method according to claim 115 further comprising forming a gap between the second module and deflector portions. 117. The method according to claim 116 wherein said gap forming step is carried out so that at least some of said vents are generally vertically aligned or coincident with said gap. 118. The method according to claim 117 wherein said vents and gap forming steps are carried out so said outer surfaces of said PV modules have a total area equal to about m and the total cross-sectional area of said vents that are generally vertically aligned with said gaps is about w, the percentage of w to m being about 0.1% to 50%. 119. The method according to claim 117 wherein said vents and gap forming steps are carried out so said outer surfaces of said PV modules have a total area equal to about m and the total cross-sectional area of said vents that are generally vertically aligned with said gaps is about w, the percentage of w to m being about 0.4% to 5%. 120. The method according to claim 116 wherein the gap creating step comprises providing at least one hollow conduit fluidly coupling the gap and said at least one vent. 121. The method according to claim 104 wherein said path creating step creates a constrained leakage path along said unobstructed path portion. 122. A method for reducing wind uplift forces on an array of pressure-equalizing photovoltaic (PV) assemblies mountable to a support surface comprising alternating ridges and troughs, each said PV assembly comprising a base having an upper surface and a lower surface, a PV module having an inner surface, an outer surface and a peripheral edge, and a support assembly securing the PV module to a position overlying the upper surface of the base, the method comprising: forming vents through the base; creating pressure equalization paths extending from the outer surface of the plurality of PV modules, past the peripheral edges, to and through at least one of said vents, and to the lower surface of the base, whereby pressure equalization between the outer surface of said PV modules and the lower surface of the base is provided to help reduce wind uplift forces on the PV assembly; and mounting the array of PV assemblies to the support surface. 123. The method according to claim 122 wherein said mounting step is carried out so said array of PV assemblies is at least partially supported by said ridges. 124. The method according to claim 122 further comprising placing wind deflectors within the troughs beneath the perimeter of the array of PV assemblies. 125. The method according to claim 122 further comprising substantially filling the troughs beneath the array of PV assemblies. 126. The method according to claim 125 wherein the substantially filling step is carried out with at least one of spray foam insulation and insulation blocks. 127. The method according to claim 126 wherein the substantially filling step is carried out so that the insulation helps to support the array of PV assemblies. 128. The method according to claim to 122 further comprising positioning at least one of said vents generally centrally beneath each of a plurality of the PV modules. 129. The method according to claim to 122 further comprising positioning at least one of said vents at a position located between the center of said PV module and the support assembly for each of a plurality of the PV modules. 