A method of manufacturing a solar cell module includes the use of low cost polymeric materials with improved mechanical properties. A transparent encapsulant layer is placed adjacent a rear surface of a front support layer. Interconnected solar cells are positioned adjacent a rear surface of the transparent encapsulant layer to form a solar cell assembly. A backskin layer is placed adjacent a rear surface of the solar cell assembly. At least one of the transparent encapsulant layer and the backskin layer are predisposed to electron beam radiation.
Claims 1. A method of manufacturing a solar cell module comprising: providing a front support layer, a transparent encapsulant layer, a plurality of interconnected solar cells and a backskin layer, at least one of the transparent encapsulant layer and the backskin layer being predisposed to electron beam radiation; placing the transparent encapsulant layer adjacent a rear surface of the front support layer formed of light transmitting material; positioning the interconnected solar cells adjacent a rear surface of the transparent encapsulant layer to form an assembly; and placing the backskin layer adjacent a rear surface of the assembly. 2. The method of claim 1 further comprising wrapping a portion of the backskin layer around at least one edge of the assembly for contacting a front surface of the front support layer to form an edge seal. 3. The method of claim 2 further comprising placing at least one bonding layer predisposed to electron beam radiation in between a front surface of the front support layer and a portion of the backskin layer. 4. The method of claim 1 further comprising placing at least one bonding layer predisposed to electron beam radiation adjacent a rear surface of the backskin layer and placing at least one mounting member adjacent the at least one bonding layer for bonding the at least one mounting member to the rear surface of the backskin layer. 5. The method of claim 1 further comprising placing the at least one electrical lead on a rear surface of the backskin layer, placing at least one bonding layer predisposed to electron beam radiation adjacent the at least one electrical lead to cover a portion of the at least one electrical lead, thereby bonding the at least one electrical lead to the rear surface of the backskin layer. 6. The method of claim 1 further comprising laminating the assembly. 7. A method of forming a monolithic solar cell module comprising: providing a plurality of solar cells and a backskin layer which is predisposed to electron beam radiation; forming a metal conducting pattern on the backskin layer; and positioning the metal conducting pattern adjacent a surface of the solar cells to electrically interconnect the solar cells. 8. The method of claim 7 further comprising applying a conductive epoxy to the backskin layer to bond the backskin layer to the surface of the solar cells. 9. The method of claim 7 further comprising soldering the metal conducting pattern to the surface of the solar cells. 10. A method of manufacturing a solar cell module comprising: placing a transparent encapsulant layer adjacent a rear surface of a front support layer formed of light transmitting material; positioning a plurality of interconnected solar cells adjacent a rear surface of the transparent encapsulant layer; placing a backskin layer adjacent a rear surface of the interconnected solar cells to form an assembly; laminating the assembly to form a solar cell module; and irradiating at least one of the transparent encapsulant layer and the backskin layer with an electron beam to cross-link the irradiated layers. 11. The method of claim 10 wherein irradiating at least one of the transparent encapsulant layer and the backskin layer with an electron beam comprises irradiating the backskin layer with a radiation dosage of approximately in the range of about 12 megarads to about 16 megarads. 12. The method of claim 10 wherein irradiating at least one of the transparent encapsulant layer and the backskin layer with an electron beam comprises irradiating the transparent encapsulant layer with a radiation dosage of approximately in the range of about 2 megarads to about 12 megarads. 13. The method of claim 10 wherein irradiating at least one of the transparent encapsulant layer and the backskin layer with an electron beam comprises irradiating the transparent encapsulant layer with a radiation dosage of approximately in the range of about 8 megarads to about 16 megarads. 14. A solar cell module comprising: a support layer formed of light transmitting material; a transparent encapsulant layer adjacent a rear surface of the front support layer; a plurality of interconnected solar cells having a first surface disposed adjacent a rear surface of the transparent encapsulant layer; a backskin layer disposed adjacent a rear surface of the interconnected solar cells; at least one of the transparent encapsulant layer and the backskin layer being predisposed to electron beam radiation. 15. The solar cell module of claim 14 wherein the at least one of the transparent encapsulant layer and the backskin layer predisposed to electron beam radiation is a cross-linked polymer. 16. The solar cell module of claim 14 further comprising forming a metal conducting pattern on the backskin layer. 17. The solar cell module of claim 14 wherein the backskin layer is formed of a polyolefin. 18. The solar cell module of claim 14 wherein the polyolefin is high density polyethylene or polypropylene. 19. The solar cell module of claim 17 wherein the polyolefin comprises a mixture of at least a first ionomer and a second ionomer. 20. The solar cell module of claim 19 wherein the polyolefin further comprises a mineral filler. 21. The solar cell module of claim 14 wherein the transparent encapsulant layer is a co-polymer comprising ethylene. 22. The solar cell module of claim 21 wherein the transparent encapsulant layer is ethylene vinyl acetate (EVA), ionomer, ethylene methyl acrylate (EMAC), or metallocene polyethylene. 23. The solar cell module of claim 14 further comprising at least one bonding layer predisposed to electron beam radiation adjacent a front surface of the front support layer and a portion the backskin layer wrapped around at least one edge of the module for contacting the at least one bonding layer adjacent the front surface of the front support layer, thereby forming an edge seal. 24. The solar cell module of claim 23 wherein the at least one bonding layer is an acid co-polymer comprising ethylene. 25. The solar cell module of claim 24 wherein the at least one bonding layer is ethylene methacrylic acid (EMAA) or ethylene acrylic acid (EAA). 26. The solar cell module of claim 14 further comprising at least one bonding layer predisposed to electron beam radiation adjacent a rear surface of the backskin layer and at least one mounting component adjacent the at least bond bonding layer adjacent the rear surface of the backskin layer, thereby bonding the mounting component onto the backskin layer. 27. The solar cell module of claim 14 further comprising at least one electrical lead adjacent a rear surface of the backskin layer and at least one bonding layer predisposed to electron beam radiation adjacent the at least one electrical lead, bonding a portion of the at least one electrical lead to the backskin layer 28. The solar cell module of claim 27 wherein the bonding layer is an acid-copolymer or an ionomer. 29. The solar cell module of claim 27 further comprising a heat shrink material predisposed to radiation disposed adjacent the at least one electrical lead. 30. A monolithic solar cell module comprising: a plurality of solar cells; a backskin layer, which is predisposed to electron beam radiation, having a metal conducting pattern formed on a surface of the backskin layer; a bonding material for bonding the solar cells to the metal conducting pattern formed on the surface of the backskin to electrically interconnect the solar cells. 