A high-concentration photovoltaic assembly (24) for use in a utility-scale solar power generation system (20) is configured to couple to a supporting tracking structure (22) of the system (20). The assembly (24) incorporates a frame (38) substantially centered in a plane (44), a plurality of substantially parallel longitudinal members (80) substantially centered in the plane (44) and coupled to the frame (38), two substantially parallel transverse members (82) substantially centered in the plane (44) and coupled to the longitudinal members (80) substantially at ends thereof, a plurality of bulkheads (90) coupled between adjacent ones of the longitudinal members (80) and configured to divide the assembly (24) into a plurality of chambers (94), a plurality of photovoltaic modules coupled to the chambers (94) upon a first side (48) of the plane (44), and a plurality of lenses (98) coupled to the chambers (94) upon a second side (46) of said plane (44).
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A high-concentration photovoltaic (HCPV) assembly configured for use in a utility-scale power generation system, said HCPV assembly comprising: a plurality of substantially parallel framing members substantially centered in a plane and configured to couple to a supporting tracking structure of said system; a plurality of substantially parallel longitudinal members substantially centered in said plane and coupled to said framing members; a plurality of energy conversion modules coupled to adjacent ones of said longitudinal members upon a first side of said plane; and a plurality of energy concentration devices coupled to adjacent ones of said longitudinal members. 2. An HCPV assembly as claimed in claim 1 wherein each of said longitudinal members comprises: a compression spar contiguous between ends of said longitudinal member and coupled to said framing members upon said first side of said plane; and a tension spar contiguous between said ends of said longitudinal member and coupled to said framing members upon said second side of said plane. 3. An HCPV assembly as claimed in claim 2 wherein said compression and tension spars have substantially identical cross sections. 4. An HCPV assembly as claimed in claim 2 wherein: each of said framing members is contiguous; each of said longitudinal members additionally comprises a non-contiguous filler spar; and said non-contiguous filler spar is intersected by said framing members. 5. An HCPV assembly as claimed in claim 2 wherein each of said longitudinal members additionally comprises a filler spar coupled between said compression and tension spars. 6. An HCPV assembly as claimed in claim 5 wherein said compression, filler, and tension spars have substantially identical cross sections. 7. An HCPV assembly as claimed in claim 2 wherein said compression and tension spars have "C"-shaped cross sections. 8. An HCPV assembly as claimed in claim 1 additionally comprising two substantially parallel transverse members substantially centered in said plane and coupled to said longitudinal members substantially at ends thereof, wherein outer ones of said longitudinal members and said transverse members together form a periphery of said HCPV assembly. 9. An HCPV assembly as claimed in claim 8 wherein each of said longitudinal and transverse members has a substantially identical cross section. 10. An HCPV assembly as claimed in claim 1 additionally comprising: two transverse members substantially centered in said plane, oriented substantially parallel to each other, and coupled to said longitudinal members substantially at ends thereof; a periphery formed of outer ones of said longitudinal members and said transverse members; and a plurality of bulkheads coupled between adjacent ones of said longitudinal members and configured to form chambers within said HCPV assembly. 11. An HCPV assembly as claimed in claim 10 wherein: said bulkheads are coupled between adjacent ones of said longitudinal members at positions having substantially regular intervals; and each of said framing members intersects and is coupled to said longitudinal members at substantially one of said positions of said bulkheads. 12. An HCPV assembly as claimed in claim 10 wherein: each of said energy conversion modules is configured to form a first one of a back and a front of one of said chambers; and each of said energy concentration devices is configured to form a second one of a front and a back of one of said chambers. 13. An HCPV assembly as claimed in claim 1 wherein said a plurality of substantially parallel longitudinal members comprises at least three of said longitudinal members. 14. An HCPV assembly as claimed in claim 1 wherein: each of said plurality of energy conversion modules is a photovoltaic module comprising a plurality of photovoltaic cells; and each of said plurality of energy concentration devices is a lens array comprising a plurality of lenses, wherein each of said lenses is optically coupled to one of said photovoltaic cells. 15. A high-concentration photovoltaic (HCPV) assembly configured for use in a utility-scale power generation system, said HCPV assembly comprising: a plurality of substantially parallel longitudinal members substantially centered in a plane, each of said framing members incorporating a compression spar and a tension spar, and each of said compression and tension spars being contiguous between opposing ends of said HCPV assembly; two substantially parallel transverse members substantially centered in said plane and coupled to said longitudinal members substantially at ends thereof; a plurality of energy conversion modules coupled to adjacent ones of said longitudinal members upon a first side of said plane; and a plurality of energy concentration devices coupled to adjacent ones of said longitudinal members upon a second side of said plane. 16. An HCPV assembly as claimed in claim 15 additionally comprising a plurality of substantially parallel framing members substantially centered in said plane, coupled to each of said longitudinal members, and configured to couple to a supporting tracking structure of said system. 17. An HCPV assembly as claimed in claim 16 wherein said framing members are displaced from each other by a distance equal to or greater than 120 cm and equal to or less than 350 cm. 18. An HCPV assembly as claimed in claim 15 wherein: each of said longitudinal members has a length equal to or greater than 375 cm and equal to or less than 1675 cm; and each of said transverse members has a length equal to or greater than 240 cm and equal to or less than 375 cm. 19. An HCPV assembly as claimed in claim 15 wherein: said HCPV assembly additionally comprises a plurality of bulkheads coupled between adjacent ones of said longitudinal members and configured to divide said HCPV assembly into a plurality of substantially right parallelepipedic chambers having four walls; each of said walls is one of said longitudinal members, said transverse members, and said bulkheads; each of said energy conversion modules is configured to form a back of one of said chambers and is coupled to said four walls thereof; and each of said energy concentration devices is configured to form a front of one of said chambers and is coupled to said four walls thereof. 20. An HCPV assembly as claimed in claim 15 wherein: outer ones of said longitudinal members and said transverse members, form a periphery of said HCPV assembly and partially enclose an interior thereof; said plurality of energy conversion modules is configured to form a back of said HCPV assembly and further enclose said interior; said plurality of energy concentration devices is configured to form a front of said HCPV assembly and further enclose said interior; and said HCPV assembly additionally comprises a filter coupled to said periphery and through which said interior maintains intercourse with the atmosphere. 21. An HCPV assembly as claimed in claim 15 wherein: outer ones of said longitudinal members and said transverse members, form a periphery of said HCPV assembly; each of said energy conversion modules is a photovoltaic module having a plurality of photovoltaic cells; and said HCPV assembly additionally comprises an inspection port structure coupled to said periphery and configured to allow inspection of one of said photovoltaic cells to ascertain alignment of said HCPV assembly relative to the sun. 22. A high-concentration photovoltaic (HCPV) assembly configured for use in a utility-scale power generation system, said HCPV assembly comprising: a frame substantially centered in a plane and configured to couple to a supporting tracking structure of said system; a plurality of substantially parallel longitudinal members coupled to said frame; two substantially parallel transverse members coupled to said longitudinal members substantially at ends thereof; a plurality of energy conversion modules coupled to adjacent ones of said longitudinal members upon a first side of said plane; and a plurality of energy concentration devices coupled to adjacent ones of said longitudinal members upon a second side of said plane. 23. An HCPV assembly as claimed in claim 22 wherein said frame comprises a plurality of framing members formed of a metallic tubing. 24. An HCPV assembly as claimed in claim 22 wherein each of said longitudinal members comprises: a first contiguous spar coupled to said frame on a first side of said plane; a second contiguous spar coupled to said frame on a second side of said plane; and a non-contiguous spar coupled between said first and second contiguous spars and coupled to said frame. 25. An HCPV assembly as claimed in claim 24 wherein said frame comprises a plurality of framing members, each of said framing members intersecting said non-contiguous spar of each of said longitudinal members, and each of said framing members having a dimension in a direction substantially perpendicular to said plane equal to or less than a dimension of said noncontiguous spar in said direction. 26. An HCPV assembly as claimed in claim 22 wherein said frame comprises a plurality of mounting brackets extending in a direction substantially perpendicular to said plane. 27. An HCPV assembly as claimed in claim 22 wherein: said frame comprises a plurality of framing members; each of said framing members has a length equal to or greater than a length of one of said transverse members; and each of said framing members is contiguous over said length thereof. 28. An HCPV assembly as claimed in claim 22 wherein said frame comprises: a plurality of framing members passing through said plurality of longitudinal members; a plurality of legs, wherein one of said legs is coupled to each end of each of said framing members; and a plurality of feet wherein one of said feet is coupled to one end of each of said legs. 29. An HCPV assembly as claimed in claim 28 wherein: said plane is a first plane; said energy conversion modules reside in substantially a second plane substantially parallel to said first plane upon said first side thereof; and said feet reside substantially in a third plane substantially parallel to said first plane upon said first side thereof and farther from said first plane than said second plane. 30. An HCPV assembly as claimed in claim 22 wherein said frame comprises: a plurality of framing members passing through said plurality of longitudinal members; a plurality of legs, wherein one of said legs is coupled to each end of each of said framing members; and a plurality of feet wherein one of said feet is coupled to one end of each of said legs upon said first side of said plane and one of said feet is coupled to one end of each of said legs upon said second side of said plane. 31. An HCPV assembly as claimed in claim 30 wherein: said plane is a first plane; said energy conversion modules reside in substantially a second plane substantially parallel to said first plane upon said first side thereof; said feet coupled to said legs upon said first side of said first plane reside substantially in a third plane substantially parallel to said first plane upon said first side thereof and farther from said first plane than said second plane; said energy concentration devices reside in substantially a fourth plane substantially parallel to said first plane upon said second side thereof; and said feet coupled to said legs upon said second side of said first plane reside substantially in a fifth plane substantially parallel to said first plane upon said second side thereof and farther from said first plane than said fourth plane. 32. A utility-scale solar power generation system having a plurality of high-concentration photovoltaic (HCPV) assemblies, wherein each of said HCPV assemblies is configured to couple to a supporting tracking structure of said system, and wherein each of said HCPV assemblies comprises: a frame substantially centered in a plane; a plurality of substantially parallel longitudinal members substantially centered in said plane and coupled to said frame, each of said longitudinal members comprising: a contiguous compression spar coupled to said frame upon a first side of said plane; a contiguous tension spar coupled to said frame upon a second side of said plane; and a non-contiguous filler spar coupled between said compression and tension spars, coupled to and intersected by said frame; two substantially parallel transverse members substantially centered in said plane and coupled to said longitudinal members substantially at ends thereof; a plurality of bulkheads coupled between adjacent ones of said longitudinal members and configured to divide said HCPV assembly into a plurality of chambers having four walls, each of said walls being one of said longitudinal members, said transverse members, and said bulkheads; a plurality of photovoltaic modules, each of said photovoltaic modules being coupled to said four walls of one of said chambers upon said first side of said plane; and a plurality of lenses, each of said lenses being coupled to said four walls of one of said chambers upon said second side of said plane. 