A photovoltaic mounting apparatus for use with a solar panel includes a base element having an elongated upper portion and a lower portion. The upper portion is structured for engagement with a rooftop by being positioning underneath the shingles of a rooftop and secured thereto through the apertures of the upper portion and/or lower portion of the base element. One or more support elements extend perpendicularly from the lower portion of the base element. A front plate is situated upon the support elements and is parallel to the base element and structured for engagement with the solar panel.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A mounting apparatus for use with a solar panel, said mounting apparatus comprising: a base element having an upper portion and a lower portion, the upper portion being structured for positioning under at least one shingle for engagement with a rooftop; at least one support element extending from the lower portion of said base element; and a front plate situated upon said support element, said front plate being parallel to said base element and structured for engagement with said solar panel. 2. The mounting apparatus of claim 1, wherein said base element includes at least one aperture. 3. The mounting apparatus of claim 2, wherein said base element is structured for engagement by a securing system at the aperture of said base element. 4. The mounting apparatus of claim 3, wherein said securing system comprises a screw, a washer, a lock washer, and a nut. 5. The mounting apparatus of claim 1, wherein said front plate includes at least one aperture. 6. The mounting apparatus of claim 5, wherein said front plate is structured for engagement by a securing system for said solar panel at the aperture of said front plate. 7. The mounting apparatus of claim 6, wherein said securing system comprises a screw, a washer, a lock washer, and a nut. 8. The mounting apparatus of claim 1, wherein the upper portion of said base element is elongated for positioning under said at least one shingle. 9. A mounting apparatus for use with a solar panel, said mounting apparatus comprising: a base element having an upper portion and a lower portion, the upper portion being structured for engagement with a rooftop; at least one support element extending from the lower portion of said base element; a front plate situated upon said support element, said front plate being parallel to said base element; and a hooking device including a body and a hook, the body of said hooking device being structured for engagement with said solar panel, the hook of said hooking device being structured to engage said front plate. 10. The mounting apparatus of claim 9, wherein the body of said hooking device includes at least one aperture; and wherein said front plate includes at least one aperture corresponding to the aperture of the body of said hooking device. 11. The mounting apparatus of claim 10, wherein the body of said hooking device and said front plate are structured for engagement by a securing system at the apertures thereof. 12. The mounting apparatus of claim 11, wherein said securing system comprises a screw, a washer, a lock washer, and a nut. 13. The mounting apparatus of claim 9, wherein the upper portion of said base element is elongated for positioning under at least one shingle of said rooftop. 14. The mounting apparatus of claim 9, wherein said base element includes a safety securing hook. 15. The mounting apparatus of claim 9, wherein said base element includes a front surface and a rear surface, with at least one of said surfaces including weather protection for said rooftop. 16. A photovoltaic mounting system for use with a solar panel, said photovoltaic mounting system comprising: at least one photovoltaic mounting apparatus comprising: a base element having an upper portion and a lower portion, the upper portion being structured for engagement with a rooftop, at least one support element extending from the lower portion of said base element, and a front plate situated upon said support element, said front plate having an aperture and being parallel to said base element; at least one hooking device comprising: a body having an aperture corresponding to the aperture of said front plate, said body being structured for engagement with said solar panel, and a hook being structured to engage said front plate; and means for securing the body of said hooking device and said front plate at the apertures thereof. 17. A method of mounting a solar panel onto a rooftop having shingles, said method comprising the steps of: providing a photovoltaic mounting system comprising: at least one photovoltaic mounting apparatus comprising a base element having an upper portion and a lower portion, the upper portion having at least one aperture, at least one support element extending from the lower portion of said base element, and a front plate situated upon said support element, said front plate being parallel to said base element; and at least one hooking device comprising a body being structured for engagement with said solar panel, and a hook being structured to engage said front plate; positioning the upper portion of said mounting apparatus underneath at least one shingle of said rooftop and securing said mounting apparatus onto said rooftop through the aperture of the upper portion of said base element; overlapping said at least one shingle of said rooftop over the upper portion of said base element of said mounting apparatus; securing said hooking device to said solar panel; and hooking the hook of said hooking device onto said front plate of said mounting apparatus. 18. The method of claim 17, further comprising: providing said front plate with at least one aperture; providing the body of said hooking device with at least one aperture corresponding to the aperture of said front plate; and aligning the aperture of said hooking device with the aperture of said front plate. 19. The method of claim 18, further comprising: securing said hooking device to said front plate. 20. The method of claim 17, further comprising: attaching a safety securing hook to said base element. 