An overbed table configured to support a table section above a patient support surface, such as a hospital bed. The overbed table includes a frame having a base and a substantially vertical support column for supporting the table section. In one illustrative embodiment, a display device is supported by the overbed table. In a further illustrative embodiment, a camera is supported by the overbed table.
Claims 1. An overbed table comprising: a frame; a first table section coupled to said frame; a second table section coupled to said frame in vertical spaced relation to said first table section; a support positioned in vertical spaced relation to said first table section, said support configured to move relative to said first table section within a substantially horizontal plane; and a display screen coupled to said support and configured to move between a substantially horizontal storage position and a substantially vertical use position. 2. The overbed table of claim 1, wherein at least one of said first table section and said second table section is configured to move in a substantially horizontal plane with respect to the other of said second table section and said first table section. 3. The overbed table of claim 2, wherein said second table section is coupled to said first table section such that movement of said second table section results in sliding movement of said first table section. 4. The overbed table of claim 1, wherein said support comprises an arm including at least one handle. 5. The overbed table of claim 4, wherein said arm includes first and second handles, and said display screen is supported intermediate said first and second handles. 6. The overbed table of claim 1, wherein said support is pivotably connected to said first table section. 7. The overbed table of claim 1, wherein said display screen is coupled to said support for pivoting movement about a substantially horizontal first axis. 8. The overbed table of claim 7, wherein said display screen is coupled to said support for pivoting movement about a second axis extending substantially perpendicular to said first axis. 9. The overbed table of claim 1, wherein said display screen is located intermediate said first and second table sections in said storage position and extends above said first table section in said use position. 10. The overbed table of claim 1, wherein said display screen comprises a flat panel monitor. 11. The overbed table of claim 1, wherein said display screen comprises a reflective mirror. 12. The overbed table of claim 1, further comprising a camera supported proximate said display screen. 13. The overbed table of claim 1, wherein said first table section is supported by said frame for movement between a generally vertical position and a generally horizontal position. 14. The overbed table of claim 13, wherein said second table section is releasably coupled to said first table section and said frame permits movement of said first table section between a generally vertical position and a generally horizontal position independently of said second table section. 15. The overbed table of claim 14, wherein said first table section is supported by said frame by an inner member provided on one of said frame and said first table section and an outer member provided on the other of said frame and said first table section, said inner member extending rotatably and slidably through said outer member to permit sliding movement and pivoting movement of said first table section with respect to said frame. 16. The overbed table of claim 13, further comprising a rest supported by one of said frame and said first table section, said rest configured to support said first table section in said generally horizontal position. 17. The overbed table of claim 1, wherein said frame includes a telescoping support column has an outer column portion and an inner column portion, the telescoping support column supporting said first and second table sections, and a base coupled to the telescoping support column. 18. The overbed table of claim 1, wherein said second table section is coupled to said first table section by a first pivotal coupling between said first and second table sections. 19. The overbed table of claim 18, wherein said first pivotal coupling includes a first bearing provided on one of said first and second table sections and a bearing race provided on said other of said first and second table sections, said first bearing engaging said bearing race to permit pivoting of said second table section about a first axis with respect to said first table section. 20. The overbed table of claim 19, wherein said second table section is coupled to said frame by a second pivotal coupling between said second table section and said frame. 21. The overbed table of claim 20, wherein said second pivotal coupling includes a trunnion provided on one of said frame and said second table section and a recess provided on the other of said frame and said second table section for receiving said trunnion to permit pivoting of said second table section about a second axis with respect to said first table section, said second axis being spaced from said first axis. 22. The overbed table of claim 21, wherein said display screen is coupled to said first table section by a third pivotal coupling connected to said first table section. 23. The overbed table of claim 1, further comprising a processor in communication with said display screen. 24. The overbed table of claim 1, further comprising a connector supported by said frame and configured to operably connect with a bed frame for placing the display screen in communication with a processor. 25. An overbed table comprising: a frame including a vertically extending support column; a table section supported by said frame and configured to cantilever over a patient support surface including opposing head and foot ends; and a camera supported by said frame and directed toward the head end of the patient support surface. 26. The overbed table of claim 25, further comprising a display screen supported by said frame, said display screen including a viewable surface directed toward the head end of the patient support surface. 27. The overbed table of claim 26, wherein said camera is supported by said display screen. 28. The overbed table of claim 26, further comprising a support configured to move relative to said table section within a substantially horizontal plane, said display screen being coupled to said support and configured to move between a substantially horizontal storage position and a substantially vertical use position. 29. The overbed table of claim 25, further comprising a processor supported by said frame and in communication with said camera. 30. The overbed table of claim 25, further comprising a connector supported by said frame and configured to operably connect with a bed frame for placing the camera in communication with a remote processor. 31. The overbed table of claim 25, further comprising at least one solar cell supported by said frame and operably connected to said camera. 32. The overbed table of claim 31, wherein said at least one solar cell is alignable with a light source connected to the patient support surface. 33. An overbed table comprising: a frame including a vertically extending support column; a table section supported by said frame and configured to cantilever over a patient support surface including opposing head and foot ends; and a display device supported by said frame and coupled to a power source, said display device including first and second sides, and a viewable surface supported by said first side and directed toward the head end of the patient support surface. 34. The overbed table of claim 33, further comprising a camera supported by said frame and directed toward the head end of the patient support. 35. The overbed table of claim 34, wherein said camera is in communication with said display device to define an electronic mirror. 36. The overbed table of claim 34, wherein said camera is supported by said display device. 37. The overbed table of claim 33, further comprising a support configured to move relative to said table section within a substantially horizontal plane, said display device being coupled to said support and configured to move between a substantially horizontal storage position and a substantially vertical use position. 38. The overbed table of claim 33, further comprising a processor supported by said frame and in communication with said display device. 39. The overbed table of claim 33, further comprising a connector supported by said frame and configured to operably connect with a bed frame for placing the display device in communication with a remote processor. 40. The overbed table of claim 33, further comprising at least one solar cell supported by said frame and operably connected to said display device. 41. The overbed table of claim 40, wherein said at least one solar cell is alignable with a light source connected to the patient support surface. 42. The overbed table of claim 33, further comprising a reflective mirror supported by said second side of said display device. 43. An overbed table comprising: a table section including upper and lower surfaces, said table section being configured to cantilever over a patient support surface; a support positioned in vertical spaced relation to said table section, at least one of said table section and said support being configured to move relative to the other of said support and said table section; and a monitor coupled to said support and in communication with a power source. 44. The overbed table of claim 43, wherein said monitor is coupled to said support for movement between a storage position below said lower surface of said first table section and a use position extending above said upper surface of said first table section. 45. The overbed table of claim 42, wherein said support comprises an arm pivotally supported below said lower surface of said table section for pivoting movement about a substantially vertical axis. 46. The overbed table of claim 45, further comprising a coupler connecting said monitor and said arm, said coupler supporting said monitor for a first pivoting movement about a substantially horizontal axis and for a second pivoting movement about a second axis substantially perpendicular to said first axis. 47. The overbed table of claim 43, further comprising a keyboard coupled to said support. 48. The overbed table of claim 43, wherein said support comprises a tray slidably supported below said table section and defining a storage compartment, said monitor supported by said tray for pivoting movement about a substantially horizontal axis. 49. The overbed table of claim 48, wherein said monitor is configured to fold into said storage compartment beneath said table section. 50. The overbed table of claim 43, wherein said monitor is supported by an arm configured to move vertically relative to said table section. 51. The overbed table of claim 50, wherein said arm includes a vertical portion, a horizontal portion pivotably connected to said vertical portion, and a coupler connecting said monitor to said horizontal portion, said coupler supporting said monitor for a first pivoting movement about a first axis and for a second pivoting movement about a second axis disposed substantially perpendicular to said first axis. 52. An overbed table comprising: a frame; a housing coupled to said frame and defining a storage compartment; a table section coupled to said housing, said table section supported for movement between first and second positions, said first position substantially covering said storage compartment and said second position providing access to said storage compartment; and a display screen coupled to a power source and removably supported within said storage compartment. 53. The overbed table of claim 52, wherein said display screen is supported by an arm including a vertical portion. 54. The overbed table of claim 53, wherein said arm includes a horizontal portion coupled to said vertical portion, and a coupler connects said display screen to said horizontal portion, said coupler supporting said display screen for a first pivoting movement about a first axis and for a second pivoting movement about a second axis disposed substantially perpendicular to said first axis. 55. The overbed table of claim 52, further comprising a collapsible stand coupled to said display screen for supporting said display screen on said table section. 56. The overbed table of claim 52, wherein said display screen comprises a flat panel monitor. 57. The overbed table of claim 52, further comprising a processor in communication with said display screen. 58. The overbed table of claim 52, further comprising a connector supported by said frame and configured to operably connect with a bed frame for placing the display screen in communication with a remote processor. 