The level detection device has a heat sensitive device, a heat device, and a processor for controlling the operation of measurement. The level detection device is externally mounted to tanks. The level detection device heats the heat sensitive device and monitors the output of the heat sensitive device. The date obtained by the level detection device is transferred to an external device.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A device for measuring a level of a content within a tank, the device comprising: one or more heat sensitive devices, each of which sensing a temperature, one or more heat device for supplying heating to the heat sensitive devices; and a processor for detecting the level based on the output of the heat sensitive devices, the heat sensitive devices and the heat devices being externally mounted on the tank. 2. The device of claim 1, wherein the heat device is mounted on the tank with a chemical adhesive material. 3. The device of claim 1, wherein the content of the tank is liquid. 4. The device of claim 1, wherein the content of the tank is gas. 5. The device of claim 1, wherein the heat sensitive element is a semiconductor. 6. The device of claim 1, wherein the heat sensitive element is a thermistor. 7. The device of claim 1, wherein the heat device is provided to the corresponding heat sensitive element. 8. The device of claim 1 further comprising an external device for controlling a detection process in the processor to cause the processor to start the detection process and to end the detection process. 9. The device of claim 8, wherein the heat device is activated only when the detection process is implemented. 10. The device of claim 9, wherein the heat device obtains a power supply from a solar panels battery charging circuit. 11. The device of claim 1, wherein the detection result in the processor is output to an external device as a signal. 12. The device of claim 11, wherein the signal is 4 to 20 mA. 13. The device of claim 11, wherein the signal is supplied to a telemetry device to relay the detection result through a wireless connection. 14. The device of claim 11, wherein the signal is supplied to a telemetry device to relay the detection result through a wired connection. 15. The device of claim 1, wherein a number of the heat sensitive device is determined based on a size of the tank. 16. The device of claim 1, wherein a number of the heat sensitive device is determined based on a size of the tank. 17. The device of claim 2, wherein a number of the heat sensitive device is determined based on a size of the tank. 18. The device of claim 2, wherein a number of the heat sensitive device is determined based on a precision of the detection. 19. The device of claim 17 further comprising an external device for controlling a detection process in the processor to cause the processor to start the detection process, and to end the detection process, and wherein the heat device is activated only when the detection process is implemented. 20. The device of claim 18 further comprising an external device for controlling a detection process in the processor to cause the processor to start the detection process and to end the detection process, and wherein the heat device is activated only when the detection process is implemented. 21. The device of claim 19, wherein the heat sensitive device is a semiconductor. 22. The device of claim 20, wherein the heat sensitive device is a semiconductor. 23. The device of claim 1, wherein the processor monitors the output of the heat sensitive element when the heating is supplied to the heat sensitive element. 24. The device of claim 23, wherein the heat device is activated only when the detection process is implemented. 25. The device of claim 1, wherein the processor monitors the output of the heat sensitive element when the heating is stopped. 26. The device of claim 25, further comprising an external device for controlling a detection process in the processor to cause the processor to start the detection process and to end the detection process, and wherein the heat device is activated only when the detection process is implemented. 27. The device of claim 26, wherein the heat sensitive device is a semiconductor. 28. The device of claim 1, wherein the processor monitors a change of the temperature between an initial temperature measured before heating and a temperature after heating. 29. The device of claim 28, further comprising an external device for controlling a detection process in the processor to cause the processor to start the detection process and to end the detection process, and wherein the heat device is activated only when the detection process is implemented. 30. The device of claim 29, wherein the heat sensitive device is a semiconductor. 31. The device of claim 26, wherein the heat device is mounted on the tank with a chemical adhesive material. 32. The device of claim 29, wherein the heat device is mounted on the tank with a chemical adhesive material. 33. A method of measuring a level of a content within a tank, the method comprising: receiving a trigger signal; supplying heat to a heat sensitive device through a heat device based on the trigger signal, the heat sensitive device being externally mounted on a tank and sensing a temperature; and monitoring an output of the heat sensitive device to detect a level of a content of the tank. 34. A method of claim 33 further comprising the step of deactivating the heat device after the level is determined. 35. A method of claim 34, wherein the monitoring step is implemented when heating is supplied. 36. A method of claim 34, wherein the monitoring step is implemented after deactivating the heat device. 37. A method of claim 33 further comprising the step of receiving an end signal from an external device to deactivate the heat step. 38. A method of claim 33, wherein the monitoring step is carried out periodically. 39. A method of claim 33, wherein the supplying step and the monitoring step are carried out repeatedly. 40. A method of claim 33, wherein the heat device includes a plurality of heat elements and the supplying step includes the step of activating the heat devices at the same time. 41. A method of claim 33, wherein the heat sensitive device include a plurality of heat sensitive devices and the supplying step supplies heat such that the heat sensitive devices are heated at the same timing. 42. A method of claim 33 further comprising the step of monitoring an output of the heat sensitive device for obtaining an initial temperature before heating. 43. A method of claim 42, wherein the step of monitoring an output of the heat sensitive device includes the step of comparing the output of the heat sensitive device after heating and the output of the heat sensitive device before heating. 