A small apparatus for the production of mixtures of LPG vapor and air, also called synthetic natural gas, with properties that allow these mixtures to be used in place of natural gas in mostly temporary installations for residential and industrial or commercial installations. The entire apparatus is designed to produce synthetic natural gas without permanent presence of operating personnel. Noise, typically associated with the operation of venturi-type vapor/air mixing devices, is suppressed by a combination of an air-intake filter and a noise-reducing device to a level that make the apparatus suitable for installations close to residential developments. A second vapor/air mixing apparatus, identical to the main system, is installed on the same support frame, acting as a backup device for the main system in situations of equipment malfunctions or temporary system overload. Equipment malfunctions are reported to centralized monitoring stations by means of a telephone-based signaling device. Backup operating energy is provided by means of a solar-powered current converter with battery backup.
Claims I claim: 1. A method for providing the benefits of natural gas for temporary gas supply installations for residential or commercial users who are not yet connected to the main natural gas pipeline grid, the method comprising: using a source of LPG vapor and mixing this vapor with air at a pre-determined ratio, creating a vapor/air mixture with gas properties similar to those of natural gas, making the manufactured gas compatible and interchangeable with natural gas; creating a gas that burns with environmentally acceptable, low emissions; allowing the use of readily available appliances and other natural gas burning equipment without the need for later re-configuration when these devices are connected to the main natural gas pipeline grid; operating the gas-producing equipment without the need for continuous supervision or permanent staffing; operating the gas-producing equipment from a site close to the gas users, typically inside a residential or commercial development; operating the gas-producing equipment from small real estate lots without the need for large installation clearings. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the size (design capacity) of the gas-producing equipment can be adapted to the specific needs of the installation location and the number and size of the connected users. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein centralized system monitoring stations will automatically be notified of equipment malfunctions or overload situations. 4. An apparatus for producing a mixture of LPG vapor and air at a pre-determined ratio, creating a vapor/air mixture with gas properties similar to those of natural gas, making the manufactured gas compatible and interchangeable with natural gas comprising: an installation platform that is ready for placement on a user-prepared surface; a properly sized vapor connection; a properly sized gas outlet connection; one or more first-level vapor pressure regulators; one or more naturally aspirated vapor/air mixing devices that operate on the venturi principle; one or more air inlet filters with noise-reduction devices; one or more pressure sensing devices for the on/off control of the mixing apparatus; one or more magnetically actuated flow control valves; an electronic device for the automatic notification of centralized monitoring stations of system malfunctions or system overload situations. 5. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein the air-intake components of the vapor/air mixing lines are connected to a noise-reducing device, making the apparatus suitable for installation in residential areas. 6. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein each vapor/air mixing line can be equipped with independently acting first-level pressure regulators, allowing for individual adjustment of the properties of the gas produced by each mixing line. 7. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein the sendout pressure of the produced gas from each mixing line can be changed through adjustments of the settings of the first-level pressure regulator in each line. 8. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein the electric control components are supplied by standard line power with a solar-powered battery backup. 9. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein the equipment for the notification of a centralized monitoring station can communicate via telephone connection. 10. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein the telephone connection can be based on land line communication, or on radio frequency transmission (cell phone connection). 11. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein all components are given a surface finish treatment for prolonged service in an unprotected environment. 12. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein the surface finish of all components can be selected to allow integration into the existing environment. 13. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein the produced gas has properties that allow the continued use of high-efficiency, low-emission appliances and other gas-burning equipment. 