A repellent laser beam device for preventing pests, such as birds, from feeding on fruits in a field. The device is mounted on a tripod and housed in a weather-protected box. It is mounted so as to be adjustable in height and angle. A control unit causes a laser beam to sweep a field in vertical and horizontal patterns, frightening birds and other pests away. The laser beam is of a wavelength seen by birds or other animals and merely frightens them away rather than blinding them. The patterns and speed of the scanning device are variable. The device is powered by a rechargeable battery and includes a solar panel system for recharging the batteries. The system is operable by photocell controlled switches, eliminating the need for human, manual on-off switching.
Claims I claim: 1. A pest deterrent system for protecting fruit crops from flying pests comprising: at least one laser device for producing a laser light beam; a scanner system located on said laser device for directing said laser light beam over a scan pattern; means for supporting said at least one laser device in a stationary position relative to the ground; said laser device being supported at such a level relative to the ground as to generate a scan pattern above said fruit crop. 2. The pest deterrent system of claim 1, wherein said at least one laser device is so configured as to emit a laser light beam at a wavelength between about 432 nanometers to about 633 nanometers. 3. The pest deterrent system of claim 2, further comprising controls for actuating said at least one laser device and adjusting said scan pattern horizontal scan speed and amplitude and vertical scan speed and amplitude. 4. The pest deterrent system of claim 3, wherein said means for supporting said at least one laser device is vertically adjustable so as to allow said laser beam pattern to skim the top of a particular fruit crop. 5. The pest deterrent system of claim 4, wherein said means for supporting said at least one laser device is a tripod having a vertical mast and a head platform support for supporting said laser device platform, said head platform being adjustable for elevation relative to said vertical mast. 6. The pest deterrent system of claim 5, wherein said head support platform comprises means for mounting said at least one laser device for rotation and pivot relative to said head platform so as to aim said laser beam in a particular horizontal and vertical direction thereby intercepting pests such as birds who habitually arrive from a particular direction and elevation. 7. The pest deterrent system of claim 6, further comprising a support cradle and a weather proof cover for each said laser device. 8. The pest deterrent system of claim 6, wherein said means for mounting said at least one laser device comprises a vertical truncated hollow cylinder for each said laser device affixed to said head support platform and a coaxial cylinder mounted for rotation and attached to said support cradle of each said laser device. 9. The pest deterrent system of claim 8, further comprising a pivot bracket mounted on each said support cradle and having a bore and a tightening screw associated therewith, said coaxial cylinder having a bore at an upper end thereof for receiving said tightening screw whereby each said laser device is directed at a desired elevational angle. 10. The pest deterrent system of claim 5, said tripod further comprising a halyard attached to said head support and so arranged relative to said mast as to allow the hoisting or lowering of said head support platform relative to said mast according to requirements of a particular fruit crop. 11. The pest deterrent system of claim 5, further comprising a power supply and control platform, said platform being mounted on said mast below said head support platform, said power supply and control platform being adjustable for elevation relative to said vertical mast. 12. The pest deterrent system of claim 11, further comprising a power supply and laser control box corresponding to each said laser device located on said power supply and control platform. 13. The pest deterrent system of claim 12, further comprising a rechargeable battery pack housed in each said power supply and laser control box. 14. The pest deterrent system of claim 13, wherein said controls for actuating said at least one laser device and adjusting said scan pattern horizontal scan speed and amplitude and vertical scan speed amplitude and scan speed are located within respective power supply and control boxes. 15. The pest deterrent system of claim 14, wherein said head support platform comprises a supporting sleeve surrounding said mast said supporting sleeve comprising a lock for locking said head support platform at a selected position along said mast, and said power supply and control support comprises a supporting sleeve surrounding said mast, said supporting sleeve having a depending locking track and associated locking screws adapted for locking said track and said power supply and control support at a selected position along said mast. 16. The pest deterrent system of claim 15, wherein there are two of said laser devices, each laser device being supported on said head support platform on opposing ends thereof relative to said mast. 17. The pest deterrent system of claim 13, further comprising a solar panel system located on said tripod for recharging said batteries. 18. The pest deterrent system of claim 17, wherein said solar panel system comprises at least one solar panel attached to said head support platform and a regulator located in each said power supply and laser control box, said solar panel being electrically connected to said regulator, said regulator being electrically connected with said battery in each said power supply and laser control box, whereby said batteries are recharged to compensate for electrical draw thereon by the operation of said laser services. 19. A method for deterring pests such as birds from feeding on a fruit crop in a field comprising the step of placing a pest deterrent laser system in a fruit crop field, and the step of directing at least one scanning laser light beam over said fruit crop so as to skim over said fruit crop. 20. The method of claim 19, wherein said at least one laser light beam has a wavelength of from about 432 nanometer to about 633 nanometers. 