The invention concerns a transmission device for control of an optical viewing unit, for example a surgical microscope (1), in which control or functional checking for the microscope (1)--such as zoom, focus, working distance, positioning, tilt, pivot, video, etc.--is accomplished by bidirectional (preferably electromagnetic) radiation (8) between a first transmit/receive unit of an electronic control system (3) and a second transmit/receive unit (5) connected to the microscope (1).
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A device for control and functional monitoring of a surgical microscope, said device comprising: an electronic control system for generating and processing data signals to control a plurality of functions of said microscope; a first transmit/receive unit adapted for connection to said electronic control system; and a second transmit/receive unit adapted for connection to said microscope; wherein said data signals are communicated bidirectionally between said first and second transmit/receive units by radiation. 2. The device according to claim 1, wherein said plurality of functions of said microscope includes a zoom function. 3. The device according to claim 1, wherein said plurality of functions of said microscope includes a focus function. 4. The device according to claim 1, wherein said plurality of functions of said microscope includes a working distance function. 5. The device according to claim 1, wherein said plurality of functions of said microscope includes a positioning function. 6. The device according to claim 1, wherein said plurality of functions of said microscope includes a tilt function. 7. The device according to claim 1, wherein said plurality of functions of said microscope includes a pivot function. 8. The device according to claim 1, wherein said plurality of functions of said microscope includes a video function. 9. The device as defined in claim 1, wherein said data signals include both digital and analog signals communicated by electromagnetic radiation. 10. The device as defined in claim 1, wherein at least some of said data signals are communicated by light waves. 11. The device as defined in claim 10, wherein said light waves are in the infra-red spectral region. 12. The device as defined in claim 1, wherein at least some of said data signals are communicated by sound waves. 13. The device as defined in claim 12, wherein said sound waves are ultrasonic sound waves. 14. The device as defined in claim 1, further comprising means for partially shielding said first and second transmit/receive units to avoid undesired emissions. 15. The device as defined in claim 1, wherein transmission of said data signals is accomplished by directed radiation. 16. The device as defined in claim 1, wherein said surgical microscope is mounted on a stand and said first transmit/receive unit is optionally installable on said stand. 17. The device as defined in claim 1, wherein said microscope includes a pair of handles, and said device further comprises switches and control elements provided on said handles for transmitting electronic signals to said first and second transmit/receive units. 18. The device as defined in claim 17, wherein said switches and control elements can be brought into signal connection with external devices. 19. The device as defined claim 1, wherein energy is supplied to said second transmit/receive unit by batteries. 20. The device as defined in claim 19, wherein energy is also supplied to said second transmit/receive unit by solar cells operating in conjunction with said batteries. 