A system and method for deploying a solar collector system comprising a solar collector, pedestal, pedestal jacking device, and advanced drive unit is described. The advanced drive unit is capable of erecting the pedestal over a preformed mounting area. The pedestal jacking device lowers the pedestal into the mounting area. After the pedestal has been secured, the pedestal jacking device may be used to raise the solar collector and the advanced drive, which includes azimuth and elevation drive sub-assemblies, from the ground level to the operational level, near the top of the pedestal. The advanced drive unit is used to track the movement if the sun and position the solar collector in optimum position for receiving light rays from the sun. The pedestal jacking device may be used to lower the solar collector and the advanced drive unit if repair to either one is needed.
Claims I claim: 1. A method for deploying a solar collector mounted on a pedestal without using heavy lifting equipment, comprising: mounting an azimuth/elevation drive apparatus on an azimuth collar; connecting a solar collector to the azimuth/elevation drive apparatus; connecting the azimuth collar to a pedestal; elevating the pedestal into a substantially vertical position using the azimuth/elevation drive apparatus; raising the azimuth collar and solar collector to the upper portion of the pedestal; and rotating the solar collector with the azimuth/elevation drive apparatus to a position to collect solar energy. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the azimuth/elevation drive apparatus comprises, an azimuth drive sub-assembly with a gear ratio capable of handling a high moment caused by wind loads and the rotation of the solar collector on the pedestal; and an elevation drive sub-assembly with a gear ratio capable of handling a high moment caused by wind loads, the balanced or unbalanced collector gravity loads, and the rotation of the solar collector on the pedestal. 3. The method of claim 2, wherein the azimuth drive subassembly further comprises an azimuth drive gear connected to a collector, and configured to rotate the collector around an axis collinear with a substantially vertical axis of the pedestal; and an azimuth linkage configured to transmit power from an associated motor to the azimuth drive gear. 4. The method of claim 2, wherein the elevation drive subassembly further comprises an elevation drive gear configured to rotate the pedestal from a substantially horizontal position to a substantially vertical position, and further configured to rotate the solar collector from a face-down position through to a face-up position while the solar collector is near the top of the pedestal; and an elevation linkage configured to transmit power from an associated motor to the elevation drive gear. 5. The method of claim 2, wherein the azimuth drive subassembly has a gear ratio of at least 40 to 1. 6. The method of claim 2, wherein the elevation drive subassembly has a gear ratio of at least 60 to 1. 7. The method of claim 1, further comprising pivoting the azimuth/elevation drive apparatus so that the azimuth collar can be raised up the pedestal. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein raising the azimuth collar and solar collector to the upper portion of the pedestal further comprises, raising the azimuth collar with respect to the pedestal utilizing a pedestal jacking device. 9. The method of claim 8, wherein the pedestal jacking device comprises at least two threaded rods connected to an azimuth collar. 10. The method of claim 9, wherein the threaded rods each engage a nut adjacent to the top of the pedestal, the pedestal jacking device further comprising an electric motor turning the nuts and elevating the solar collector and azimuth/elevation drive apparatus. 11. The method of claim 8, wherein the pedestal jacking device comprises a hydraulic lifting device. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein the hydraulic lifting device comprises a first collar and a second collar connected to the pedestal, the first collar and the second collar connected by at least one hydraulic cylinder. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein the hydraulic cylinders alternate raising the first collar and the second collar one at a time. 14. The method of claim 1, wherein raising the azimuth collar and solar collector to the upper portion of the pedestal further comprises, raising the azimuth collar with respect to the pedestal utilizing a hydraulic jacking device. 15. An apparatus for deploying a solar collector on a pedestal without heavy lifting equipment comprising: a pedestal jacking device configured to raise the solar collector from a ground level to an operational level; an azimuth drive sub-assembly with a gear ratio capable of handling a high moment caused by the wind loads and the rotation of the solar collector on the pedestal, comprising, an azimuth drive gear connected to a solar collector, and configured to rotate the solar collector around an axis collinear with a substantially vertical axis of the pedestal; an azimuth linkage configured to transmit power from an associated motor to the azimuth drive gear; an elevation drive sub-assembly with a gear ratio capable of handling a high moment caused by wind loads, the balanced or unbalanced collector gravity loads, and the rotation of the solar collector on the pedestal, comprising, an elevation drive gear configured to rotate the pedestal from a substantially horizontal position to a substantially vertical position, and further configured to rotate the solar collector from a face-down position through to a face-up position while the solar collector is near the top of the pedestal; an elevation linkage configured to transmit power from an associated motor to the elevation drive gear. 16. An apparatus for rotating a collector mounted on a pedestal to track an object comprising: an azimuth drive sub-assembly with a gear ratio capable of handling a high moment caused by the wind loads and the rotation of the collector on a pedestal, comprising, an azimuth drive gear connected to a collector, and configured to rotate the collector around an axis collinear with a substantially vertical axis of the pedestal; an azimuth linkage configured to transmit power from an associated motor to the azimuth drive gear; an elevation drive sub-assembly with a gear ratio capable of handling a high moment caused by wind loads, the balanced or unbalanced collector gravity loads, and the rotation of the collector on the pedestal, comprising, an elevation drive gear configured to rotate the pedestal from a substantially horizontal position to a substantially vertical position, and further configured to rotate the collector from a face-down position through to a face-up position while the collector is near the top of the pedestal; and an elevation linkage configured to transmit power from an associated motor to the elevation drive gear. 17. The apparatus of claim 16, wherein the azimuth drive subassembly has a gear ratio of at least 40 to 1. 18. The apparatus of claim 16, wherein the elevation drive subassembly has a gear ratio of at least 60 to 1. 19. An apparatus for deploying a solar collector and azimuth/elevation drive apparatus on a pedestal comprising: a pedestal jacking device for elevating the solar collector and the azimuth/elevation drive apparatus from ground level to operating level; an azimuth drive sub-assembly comprising a gear ratio capable of handling a high moment caused by wind loads and the rotation of the solar collector on the pedestal, the azimuth/elevation drive apparatus further comprising, an azimuth drive gear connected to the solar collector, and configured to rotate the solar collector around an axis collinear with a substantially vertical axis of the pedestal; an azimuth worm gear configured to transmit power from an associated motor to the azimuth drive gear; an elevation drive sub-assembly with a gear ratio capable of handling a high moment caused by wind loads, the balanced or unbalanced collector gravity loads, and the rotation of the solar collector on the pedestal, the elevation drive sub-assembly comprising, an elevation drive gear configured to rotate the pedestal from a substantially horizontal position to a substantially vertical position, and further configured to rotate the solar collector from a face-down position through to a face-up position while the solar collector is near the top of the pedestal; an elevation worm gear configured to transmit power from an associated motor to the elevation drive gear. 20. The apparatus of claim 19, wherein the azimuth drive subassembly has a gear ratio of at least 40 to 1. 21. The apparatus of claim 19, wherein the elevation drive subassembly has a gear ratio of at least 60 to 1. 22. The apparatus of claim 19, further comprising an azimuth collar surrounding the pedestal, the solar collector and azimuth/elevation drive apparatus connected to the azimuth collar. 23. The apparatus of claim 22, wherein the pedestal jacking device comprises at least two threaded rods connected to an azimuth collar. 24. The apparatus of claim 23, wherein the threaded rods each engage a nut adjacent to the top of the pedestal, the pedestal jacking device further comprising an electric motor turning the nuts and elevating the solar collector and azimuth/elevation drive apparatus. 25. The apparatus of claim 24 wherein the motor is reversible to lower the solar collector and azimuth/elevation drive apparatus. 26. The apparatus of claim 19, wherein the pedestal jacking device comprises a hydraulic lifting device. 27. The apparatus of claim 26, wherein the hydraulic lifting device comprises a first collar and a second collar connected to the pedestal, the first collar and the second collar connected by at least one hydraulic cylinder. 28. The apparatus of claim 27, wherein the first collar and the second collar each comprise a clamp, a hydraulic cylinder attached to the clamp capable of opening and closing the clamp. 29. The apparatus of claim 28, wherein a hydraulic motor provides power to the hydraulic cylinders allowing the pedestal jacking device to elevate and lower the solar collector and the azimuth/elevation drive apparatus. 30. The apparatus of claim 28, wherein the first collar is located below the second collar and the azimuth collar is connected to the second collar. 31. The apparatus of claim 30, wherein the first collar is clamped to the pedestal while the second collar is raised by the hydraulic cylinders. 32. The apparatus of claim 31 wherein the second collar is clamped to the pedestal while the first collar is raised by the hydraulic cylinders. 33. An apparatus for deploying a solar collector on a substantially vertically oriented pedestal comprising: an azimuth collar movably attached to the pedestal; the solar collector attached to the azimuth collar; a pedestal jacking device connected to the azimuth collar configured to raise the azimuth collar from a ground level to an operational level near the top of the pedestal; and a drive apparatus attached to the azimuth collar for rotating the solar collector. 34. The apparatus of claim 33, wherein the pedestal jacking device comprises a hydraulic lifting device. 35. The apparatus of claim 34, wherein the hydraulic lifting device comprises a first collar and a second collar connected to the pedestal, the first collar and the second collar connected by at least one hydraulic cylinder. 36. The apparatus of claim 35, wherein the first collar and the second collar each comprise a clamp, a hydraulic cylinder capable of opening and closing the clamp. 37. The apparatus of claim 36, wherein a hydraulic motor provides power to the hydraulic cylinders allowing the pedestal jacking device to elevate and lower the solar collector and the azimuth/elevation drive apparatus. 38. The apparatus of claim 37, wherein the first collar is located below the second collar and the azimuth collar is connected to the second collar. 39. The apparatus of claim 38, wherein the first collar is clamped to the pedestal while the second collar is raised by the hydraulic cylinders. 40. The apparatus of claim 39, wherein the second collar is clamped to the pedestal while the first collar is raised by the hydraulic cylinders. 41. The apparatus of claim 33, wherein the pedestal jacking device comprises at least two threaded rods connected to an azimuth collar. 42. The apparatus of claim 42, wherein the threaded rods each engage a nut adjacent to the top of the pedestal, or on the azimuth collar, the pedestal jacking device further comprising an electric motor turning the nuts and elevating the solar collector and azimuth/elevation drive apparatus. 43. The apparatus of claim 33, wherein the drive apparatus comprises, an azimuth drive sub-assembly with a gear ratio capable of handling a high moment caused by wind loads and the rotation of the solar collector on the pedestal; and an elevation drive sub-assembly with a gear ratio capable of handling a high moment caused by wind loads, the balanced or unbalanced collector gravity loads, and the rotation of the solar collector on the pedestal. 44. The apparatus of claim 43, wherein the azimuth drive subassembly further comprises an azimuth drive gear connected to a collector, and configured to rotate the collector around an axis collinear with a substantially vertical axis of the pedestal; and an azimuth worm gear configured to transmit power from an associated motor to the azimuth drive gear. 45. The apparatus of claim 43, wherein the elevation drive subassembly further comprises an elevation drive gear configured to rotate the pedestal from a substantially horizontal position to a substantially vertical position, and further configured to rotate the solar collector from a face-down position through to a face-up position while the solar collector is near the top of the pedestal; and an elevation worm gear configured to transmit power from an associated motor to the elevation drive gear. 46. The apparatus of claim 44, wherein the azimuth drive subassembly has a gear ratio of at least 40 to 1. 47. The apparatus of claim 45, wherein the elevation drive subassembly has a gear ratio of at least 60 to 1. 48. The apparatus of claim 43, further comprising a pivot mount for the offsetting the drive apparatus so that the azimuth collar can be raised up the pedestal. 49. A method for deploying a solar collector mounted on a substantially vertically oriented pedestal, comprising: mounting an azimuth/elevation drive apparatus on an azimuth collar, the azimuth/elevation drive apparatus capable of rotating the solar collector to a position for optimum collection of sun light; connecting the solar collector to the azimuth/elevation drive apparatus; connecting the azimuth collar to a pedestal; and raising the azimuth collar and solar collector to the upper portion of the pedestal using a pedestal jacking device. 50. The method of claim 49, wherein the azimuth/elevation drive apparatus comprises, an azimuth drive sub-assembly with a gear ratio capable of handling a high moment caused by wind loads and the rotation of the solar collector on the pedestal; and an elevation drive sub-assembly with a gear ratio capable of handling a high moment caused by wind loads, the balanced or unbalanced collector gravity loads, and the rotation of the solar collector on the pedestal. 51. The method of claim 50, wherein the pedestal jacking device comprises at least two threaded rods connected to an azimuth collar. 52. The method of claim 51, wherein raising the azimuth collar and solar collector comprises turning a plurality of nuts in a first direction using an electrical motor, each nut attached to a threaded rod and located adjacent the top of the pedestal. 53. The method of claim 49, wherein the pedestal jacking device comprises a hydraulic lifting device. 54. The method of claim 53, wherein the hydraulic lifting device comprises a first collar and a second collar connected to the pedestal, the first collar and the second collar connected by at least one hydraulic cylinder. 55. The method of claim 54, wherein the hydraulic cylinders alternate raising the first collar and the second collar one at a time. 