A solar powered light assembly having an integral power management system includes a means for collecting solar energy, and a plurality of energy storage devices. The device also includes a control means for selecting to charge one energy storage device and selecting to discharge one energy storage device to a predetermined level before selecting to recharge the selected discharging energy storage device. The device also includes a sensing means for sensing a predetermined charging condition and an energy charge switching means for selectively charging one of the energy storage devices. The device further includes a discharge sensing means and an energy discharge switching means for selectively discharging energy from the selected discharging energy storage device and a load switching means for delivering energy from the selected discharging energy storage device to the load for powering the solar powered device.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar powered device having an integral power management system comprising: a means for collecting solar energy; a means for storing the collected solar energy operatively connected to said solar energy collecting means via an energy transfer bus, wherein said energy storage means includes a plurality of energy storage devices; a control means for selecting to charge at least one energy storage device and selecting to discharge at least one energy storage device, wherein said selected at least one discharging energy storage device is discharged to a predetermined level before selecting to recharge said selected at least one discharging energy storage device; a sensing means for sensing a predetermined condition for charging at least one energy storage device, wherein said sensing means is in electrical communication with said control means; an energy charge switching means responsive to a signal from said control means for selectively charging at least one of said energy storage devices to the predetermined charge level by transferring energy from said solar energy collecting means to said selected at least one charging energy storage device upon the occurrence of the predetermined charging condition; a sensing means for sensing a predetermined condition for discharging said selected at least one energy storage device, wherein said sensing means is in electrical communication with said control means; an energy discharge switching means responsive to a signal from said control means for selectively discharging energy from said selected at least one discharging energy storage device to the predetermined discharge level upon the occurrence of the predetermined charging condition; and a load switching means responsive to a signal from said control means for delivering energy from said selected at least one discharging energy storage device to the load for operatively powering the solar powered device. 2. A solar powered device as set forth in claim 1 wherein said means for collecting solar energy is a solar panel. 3. A solar powered device as set forth in claim 1 wherein said energy storage device is a rechargeable battery. 4. A solar powered device as set forth in claim 1 wherein said energy storage device is a storage capacitor. 5. A solar powered device as set forth in claim 1 wherein said sensing means for sensing the predetermined charging condition is a charge sensor for sensing the charge level of said energy storage device. 6. A solar powered device as set forth in claim 1 wherein said sensing means for sensing the predetermined charging condition is a temperature sensor for sensing a temperature of said energy storage unit. 7. A solar powered device as set forth in claim 6 wherein said predetermined charging condition is if the temperature of the energy storage device is within a predetermined temperature range. 8. A solar powered device as set forth in claim 1 wherein said solar powered device is a light. 9. A solar powered device as set forth in claim 8, wherein said sensing means for sensing the predetermined discharging condition is a passive infrared sensor for sensing the presence of an occupant to illuminate said light. 10. A solar powered device as set forth in claim 1 wherein said predetermined discharging condition is if the selected energy storage device has a predetermined level of energy stored therein. 11. A solar powered device as set forth in claim 1, wherein said solar powered device is a solar powered light further comprising: a housing having a generally planar support member, wherein said solar energy collecting means is a solar energy collector disposed on an upper surface of said support member; a projecting member extending radially from said support member, wherein said projecting member houses a power distribution system including said energy storage means, said control means, said energy charge sensing means, said energy charge switching means, said energy discharge sensing means, said energy discharge switching means, said load switching means and at least one light source operatively connected to said load switching means, such that said selected at least one discharging energy storage device provides power to illuminate said light. 12. A solar powered device as set forth in claim 11 wherein said projecting member is tubular in shape. 13. A solar powered device as set forth in claim 12 wherein an outer surface of said projecting member is threaded. 14. A solar powered device as set forth in claim 13 further comprising a retaining member threaded about said threaded surface of said projecting member for fixedly mounting said housing within a structure. 15. A solar powered device as set forth in claim 11 further comprising a removable end cap disposed in a distal end of said projecting member, wherein said end cap includes an aperture and a light emitting diode is disposed within the aperture. 16. A solar powered light assembly as set forth in claim 11, wherein said discharge sensing means for sensing a predetermined discharging condition is a light level sensor. 17. A solar powered device as set forth in claim 1 further comprising a peak energy control switch electrically in communication with said control means for selectively providing energy to said control means from at least one discharging energy control device with peak energy. 18. A solar powered light assembly having an integral power management system comprising: a housing; a light source disposed within the housing; a solar energy collector disposed on an outer surface of said housing; and a power distribution system disposed within said housing and operatively connected to said solar energy collector and said light source, wherein said power distribution system includes a means for storing the collected solar energy having a plurality of energy storage devices, a control means for selecting to charge at least one energy storage device and selecting to discharge at least one energy storage device, a charge sensing means in electrical communication with said control means, a discharge sensing means in electrical communication with said control means, an energy charge switching means responsive to a signal from the control means for selectively charging at least one of said energy storage devices to a predetermined charge level by transferring energy from said solar energy collector to said selected at least one charging energy storage device, an energy discharge switching means responsive to a signal from said control means for selectively discharging energy from said selected at least one discharging energy storage device to a predetermined discharge level, and a load switching means responsive to a signal from the control means for delivering energy from said selected at least one discharging energy storage device to said light source. 19. A solar powered light assembly as set forth in claim 18 wherein said housing includes a generally planar support member, and a projecting member extending radially from said support member. 20. A solar powered light assembly as set forth in claim 19 wherein said projecting member is tubular in shape. 21. A solar powered light assembly as set forth in claim 20 wherein an outer surface of said projecting member is threaded. 22. A solar powered light assembly as set forth in claim 21 ether comprising a retaining member threaded about said threaded surface of said projecting member for fixedly mounting said housing to a structure. 23. A solar powered light assembly as set forth in claim 18 further comprising a removable end cap disposed in a distal end of said projecting, wherein said end cap includes an aperture and a light emitting diode is disposed within the aperture. 24. A solar powered light assembly as set forth in claim 18 wherein said discharge sensing means is a light level sensor for sensing a level of light. 25. A solar powered light assembly as set forth in claim 18 wherein said solar energy collector is a solar panel. 26. A solar powered light assembly as set forth in claim 18 wherein said energy storage device is a rechargeable battery. 27. A solar powered light assembly as set forth in claim 18 wherein said energy storage device is a storage capacitor. 28. A solar powered light assembly as set forth in claim 18 wherein said light source is a light emitting diode (LED) and the LEDS are illuminated in a predetermined sequence to provide a constant LED light amplitude. 29. A solar powered light assembly as set forth in claim 18 wherein said charge sensing means is a sensor for sensing a voltage output of the energy storage device. 30. A solar powered light assembly as set forth in claim 18 wherein said charge sensing means is a temperature sensor for sensing a temperature within said energy storage unit. 31. A solar powered light assembly as set forth in claim 18 further comprising a peak energy control switch electrically in communication with said control means for selectively providing energy to said control means from at least one discharging energy control device with peak energy. 32. A solar powered light assembly as set forth in claim 18 wherein said discharge sensing means is a passive infrared sensor for sensing the presence of an occupant to illuminate said light. 33. A solar powered light assembly as set forth in claim 18 further comprising an energy transfer bus interconnecting said solar energy collector panel, energy storage device and light for transferring energy therebetween. 34. A method of power management for a solar powered device, said method comprising the steps of: determining if a predetermined condition is met for supplying energy to a load for operatively powering the solar powered device; selecting at least one energy storage device for discharging and selectively discharging energy from said selected at least one energy storage device to the load, if the selected at least one energy storage device contains a predetermined level of stored energy for supplying energy to the solar powered device and checking the predetermined level of stored energy of another selected energy storage device, if the selected at least one energy storage device does not contain a predetermined level of stored energy, until selecting at least one energy storage device having a predetermined level of stored energy; determining if a predetermined condition is met for charging at least one energy storage device by transferring energy from said solar energy collector to said selected at least one charging energy storage device; selectively charging at least one charging energy storage device by transferring energy collected by the solar collector to the selected at least one charging energy storage device if the predetermined charging condition is met; and discharging the selected at least one discharging energy storage device to a predetermined discharge level before selecting to charge the selected at least one discharging energy storage device to a predetermined charge level. 35. A method as set forth in claim 34 wherein said step of determining if a predetermined condition is met for supplying energy to the load includes the step of checking an input parameter from a sensor to the control means. 36. A method as set forth in claim 34 wherein said step of selecting at least one energy storage device for discharging includes the step of determining if a charge level of the selected energy storage device meets a predetermined charge level criteria. 37. A method as set forth in claim 36, wherein said selected energy storage device is electrically isolated when determining the charge level of the selected energy storage device. 38. A method as set forth in claim 34 wherein said solar powered device is a solar powered light. 39. A method as set forth in claim 38 wherein said step of determining if a predetermined condition is met includes the step of determining a time of day and illuminating the light source using energy from the selected at least one discharging energy storage device if it is nighttime and charging the selected at least one charging energy storage device if it is daytime. 40. A method as set forth in claim 38 wherein said step of determining if a predetermined condition is met includes the step of determining if motion is detected by a motion sensor and sending a signal to the control means to illuminate the light if motion is detected. 41. A method as set forth in claim 34 wherein said step of selectively charging at least one energy storage device includes the step of determining if a temperature of the selected at least one charging energy storage device exceeds a predetermined temperature and discontinuing charging if the predetermined temperature is exceeded. 42. A method as set forth in claim 34 wherein said step of selectively charging at least one energy storage device includes the step of determining if an ambient temperature is less than a predetermined temperature level for charging the selected at least one charging energy storage device, and pulse charging the selected at least one charging energy storage device if the ambient temperature is less than a predetermined level. 43. A method as set forth in claim 34 including the steps of using energy from the selected at least one discharging energy storage device to power the control means, monitoring the charge level of the selecting at least one discharging energy control means, and selecting another at least one energy storage device to power the control means if the charge level of the selected discharging energy control means falls below a predetermined peak voltage level. 