A wireless solar energy burglar-proof device has a power source from the nature source. The wireless solar energy burglar-proof device includes an energy capturing device, a battery, an electric heating detector, a microprocessor, a transmission device, a wireless receiving device, an alarming device, and a CCTV device. The electric heating detector and other external detectors are responsible for monitoring a detecting area. When a trigger signal occurs, the microprocessor will be triggered so that the microprocessor will enter into a working condition. Then, the microprocessor drives the CCTV device and the transmission device. Then the signal is transferred to the receiver end or a control center in a high frequency way for real-time monitoring and recording an image so as to monitoring an area, recording signals or actuating the alarming device for preventing the intrusion of burglar. At the power is Insufficient, the battery will provide the power required in the present invention so as to become an uninterrupted device. When the power of the battery is insufficient. The microprocessor will emit a signal to inform other people to take attention to what occurs in the area.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A wireless solar energy burglar-proof device comprising: an energy capturing device having a capturing end installed at an outer side of a casing, absorbing light being converted into electric power through an energy conversion device, the power being charged to a battery; an electric heating detector being connected to a microprocessor for performing instructions from the microprocessor, and monitoring an wide area for safety; a microprocessor responsible for receiving instructions from the electric heating detector, and driving an CCTV device and a transmission device; a transmission device for transferring audio and video signals of high frequency captured by the CCTV device; a wireless receiving device for receiving detected signals of doors, windows, smokes, objects from a burglar-proof detector; an alarming device; and a battery; wherein by combination of above devices, the electric heating detector and other external detectors are responsible for monitoring a detecting area; when a trigger signal occurs, the microprocessor will be triggered so that the microprocessor will enter into a working condition; then, the microprocessor drives the CCTV device and the transmission device; then the signal is transferred to the receiver end or a control center in a high frequency way for real-time monitoring and recording an image so as to monitoring the area, recording signals or actuating the alarming device for preventing the intrusion of burglars. 2. The wireless solar energy burglar-proof device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the energy conversion device, electric heating detector, and CCTV device are installed out of the casing. 3. The wireless solar energy burglar-proof device as claimed in claim 1, wherein a joint is installed between the detecting box body and the control box body; the joint is adjusted leftwards, rightwards, upwards and downwards so as to monitor an area in all aspects. 4. The wireless solar energy burglar-proof device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the energy capturing device has a slope so that the area for absorbing light is wider. 