Apparatus, system and method for intelligently tracking and monitoring physical assets worldwide using solar cells, rechargeable battery, two-way satellite communications, a CPU with memory, sensors of various types and GPS in the device and a GIS (Geographic Information System) database for storing and reporting the location and condition of the asset. The apparatus is permanently mounted on the physical asset, e.g., a cargo container, portable construction equipment, etc., where it reports its position and condition to the based unit, based on, movement, a container door being opened, overheating, etc., time passage or on-demand, using satellite communication networks. These reporting criteria are controlled by the system and are set and reset as needed.
Claims What we claim is: 1. An intelligent asset tracking and monitoring apparatus comprising: a solar cell, a rechargeable battery, a Global Positioning System (GPS) receiver, a satellite communications module, at least one sensor and a central processing unit (CPU) with memory integrated into one physical unit in a protective casing, which is attached to an asset to be tracked and monitored. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said solar or photovoltaic cell recharges said rechargeable battery. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, further comprising a feedback circuit wherein the battery charge level is reported to the CPU on demand or periodically reported to the CPU. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the GPS receiver determines the position of the device using latitude and longitude measurements, and then reports the position to the CPU on demand. 5. The apparatus of claims 1, wherein the satellite communications module is operable to allow the CPU to send and receive information in the form of data or operating instructions. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a local radio and antenna operable to allow the CPU to send and receive information in the form of data or operating instructions. 7. The apparatus of claim 6, wherein the local radio and antenna employs 802.11, Bluetooth or other similar short range communication protocol for communicating data to and from the mobile unit. 8. The apparatus in accordance with claim 1, further comprising a sensor module that includes a variety of sensors that detect and report information regarding the status of the asset to which the device is attached. 9. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein said variety of sensors include: a temperature sensor to detect the temperature of the asset, a open and close switch sensor to detect if a doors is open or closed on the asset when the asset is a container, a motion sensor to detect general movement of the asset, and a shock or tamper sensor to detect if the integrity or security of the asset is being compromised. 10. An intelligent system for tracking and monitoring an asset, comprising: a mobile unit attached to an asset; a base unit physically separate from the mobile unit; and a communication network for communicating between said mobile unit and said base unit, wherein the base unit receives data from the mobile unit on demand or based on a predetermined event at the asset level and processes the data to track the asset location and monitor its condition, and wherein the base unit sends data and instructions to the mobile unit as to how to track and monitor the asset. 11. The system of claim 10, wherein the base unit comprises a computer system, PC and/or server. 12. The system of claim 10, wherein the base unit further comprises a measurement database for storing acceptable limits for the asset's condition; shipping container database for storing administrative, historic and mobile asset management data related to the asset; and a shipping movement database for storing data related to acceptable asset movement. 13. The system of claim 10, wherein the mobile unit comprises: a solar cell, a rechargeable battery, a Global Positioning System (GPS) receiver, a satellite communications module, a local radio and antenna, at least one sensor and a central processing unit (CPU) with memory. 14. The system in claim 10, wherein the base unit receives, processes and stores information concerning the asset from an asset owner system via a network. 15. The system of claim 10, wherein said base unit adjusts the reporting requirements for given circumstances or event by sending a data message to the mobile unit via the communication network. 16. The system of claim 10, a wireless, hand-held device adjusts the reporting requirements for given circumstances or event by sending a data message to the mobile unit via a local radio and antenna connection. 17. The system of claim 10, wherein the communication network is a satellite network that establishes a communication session to the base unit via at least one network. 18. The system of claim 14 or 17, wherein the network is the Internet, Intranet or the like. 19. The system of claim 16, wherein the local radio and antenna uses 802.11, Bluetooth or other short range communication protocol for sending data to and receiving data from the mobile unit. 20. The system of claim 10, wherein the base unit determines the asset is in motion by comparing a series of GPS readings, the readings having been triggered by at least one sensor at the device level, the base unit then compares the readings to the expected GPS data, provides a report, displays the asset location on a geographic map, and stores the data in a GIS database. 21. An intelligent method for tracking and monitoring an asset, comprising: attaching a mobile tracking and monitoring unit to an asset to be tracked and monitored; detecting if an asset is in motion or if an event or condition has occurred at the asset level; comparing measured data related to the asset movement, event or condition at the asset level with expected data stored in the mobile unit, communicating between the mobile unit and the base unit; transmitting information related to the location or condition of the asset to a base unit; and determining what action should be taken with regard to the asset. 22. The method in claim 21, further comprising receiving, processing and storing in the base unit information concerning the asset from an asset owner's system via a network connection. 23. The method of claim 21, further comprising adjusting the reporting requirements for an event or circumstance by sending a data message to the mobile unit from the base unit via a communication network. 24. The method of claim 21, further comprising adjusting the reporting requirements for an event or circumstance by sending a data message to the mobile unit from a wireless, hand-held device. 25. The method of claim 23, wherein the communication connection is through a satellite and network to the base unit. 26. The method of claim 22, wherein the network is the Internet, or the like. 27. The method of claim 21, wherein the base station unit determines the asset is in motion by comparing a series of GPS readings, the readings having been triggered by at least one sensor at the device level, the base unit then compares the readings to the expected GPS data, provides a report, displays the asset location on a geographic map, and stores the data in a GIS database. 28. The method of claim 21, further comprising maintaining and reporting the power level of a mobile unit rechargeable battery, wherein the battery is charged by at least one solar cell integral with the mobile unit. 