A multiuse electric tile module for walling, flooring, or roofing applications having a photovoltaic cell, thermovoltaic cell, electroluminescent material, or a combination of these disposed over a rigid substrate, such as ceramic. Each tile is electrically connectable through a male-to-female connecter to at least one adjacent tile without external wiring. Preferably, a sealing layer is disposed over the electrical elements and rigid substrate to seal and protect each tile. Optionally, each tile may further include an inverter to convert direct current to alternating current or a battery to store electricity. The electroluminescent material provides light for architectural accents or nighttime visibility.
Claims I claim: 1. A multi-use electric tile module, comprising: (a) a rigid substrate having a top side and at least one side edge, (b) at least two connectors integrated into said side edge of said rigid substrate for electrically connecting said rigid substrate to adjoining tile modules; and (c) at least one electrical element disposed over the top side of said rigid substrate and electrically connected to said at least two connectors. 2. The tile of claim 1, wherein said electrical element comprises a photovoltaic cell. 3. The tile of claim 1, wherein said electrical element comprises a thermovoltaic cell. 4. The tile of claim 1, wherein said electrical element comprises an electroluminescent material. 5. A floor made up of tiles comprising the tile of claim 1. 6. The tile of claim 1, wherein said rigid substrate comprises ceramic. 7. The tile of claim 1, further including an inverter electrically connected to said tile. 8. The tile of claim 1, wherein said at least two connectors comprise a female connector and a male connector. 9. The tile of claim 2, wherein said photovoltaic cell comprises a thin film photovoltaic cell. 10. The tile of claim 3, wherein said thermovoltaic cell comprises a thin film thermovoltaic cell. 11. The tile of claim 1, further including a sealing layer disposed over said at least one electrical element, thereby sealing said electrical element to said rigid substrate. 12. The tile of claim 11, wherein said sealing layer is selected from the group consisting of fired ceramic glazes, liquid glazes, sol gels, thick films, polymer coating, glass or combinations thereof. 13. The tile of claim 11, wherein said sealing layer further includes micro industrial diamonds. 14. An electric roof tile module, comprising: (a) a rigid substrate having a top side, a bottom side, and four side edges connecting said top and bottom sides, (b) a tab extending outwardly from the bottom side, (c) at least one male connector and at least one female connector for electrically connecting said rigid substrate to another rigid substrate, wherein one of said male and female connectors is housed in said tab and the other of said male and female connectors extends from a front side edge of said tile; and (d) at least one electrical element disposed over the top side of said rigid substrate and electrically connected to said at least one male and one female connectors. 15. The roof tile of claim 14, wherein said rigid substrate is curved in cross-section. 16. The roof tile of claim 14, wherein said electrical element comprises a photovoltaic cell. 17. The roof tile of claim 14, wherein said electrical element comprises a thermovoltaic cell. 18. The roof tile of claim 14, wherein said electrical element comprises an electroluminescent material. 19. The roof tile of claim 14, further including an inverter electrically connected to said tile. 20. The roof tile of claim 14, wherein said rigid substrate comprises ceramic. 21. The roof tile of claim 16, wherein said photovoltaic cell comprises a thin film photovoltaic cell. 22. The roof tile of claim 17, wherein said thermovoltaic cell comprises a thin film thermovoltaic cell. 23. A roof made from tiles comprising the roof tile of claim 14. 24. The roof tile of claim 14, further including a sealing layer disposed over said at least one electrical element, thereby sealing said electrical component to said rigid substrate. 25. The roof tile of claim 24, wherein said sealing layer is selected from the group consisting of fired ceramic glazes, liquid glazes, sol gels, thick films, polymer coating, glass or combinations thereof. 26. The roof tile of claim 24, wherein said sealing layer further includes micro industrial diamonds. 