A marine habitat enhancement system is provided that in one embodiment is configured for attachment to existing pilings and in another embodiment is a stand-alone system anchored to the soil. The system includes a housing formed of a plurality of panels configured for attachment together to surround either a piling or a marine habitat. Compartments on the exterior of the housing can be used to promote the growth of plants and other marine aquaculture. A cap is provided for use with stand-alone pilings to prevent contaminated water and material from escaping outside the sleeve formed by the plurality of panels.
Claims 1. A marine habitat system, comprising: a housing having a plurality of marine habitats formed therewith; and means for anchoring the housing to the soil. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein the housing comprises a plurality of removable panels. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein the habitats comprise a plurality of frayed rope suspended within the housing. 4. The system of claim 1, further comprising a source of electrical power and at least one device powered by the electrical source for monitoring the condition of the system. 5. A marine aquaculture recovery system for use with existing pilings, comprising: a casing sized and shaped to be formed around a piling with a space formed between the casing and the piling; a device for sealing the space between a base of the casing and an exposed surface at a base of the piling to prevent the spread of hazardous materials in an area around the base of the piling; and a marine aquacultural device attached to the casing and configured to facilitate growth of marine life in at least the area around the base of the piling. 6. The device of claim 5, wherein the marine aquacultural device is comprises means to provide shelter for aquacultural plants and marine life. 7. The system of claim 5, wherein the space formed between the casing and the piling is filled with decontaminate. 8. The device of claim 5, wherein the marine aquacultural device comprises a frayed rope to provide an attachment point for marine life. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein the frayed rope is mounted on a frame attached to the casing. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein marine life is formed on the frayed rope prior to attachment to the casing. 11. The system of claim 5, wherein the casing is removably formed around the piling. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein the casing is formed in sections configured to be assembled together around the piling. 13. The system of claim 11, further comprising a cap configured to cover an exposed top surface of the piling and the space between the casing and the piling. 14. The system of claim 5, further comprising a ring configured to cover the space between a top of the casing and an adjacent surface of the piling to prevent overflow of water and contaminant from the space between the casing and the piling and to deny access to marine life to the space between the casing and piling. 15. A marine aquacultural recovery device, comprising: at least one frayed rope stretched on a frame and configured to be buoyant in a body of water; and means for anchoring the frame to hold the frame at a predetermined depth in the body of water. 16. The system of claim 15, wherein the frayed rope comprises marine life attached to the rope prior to anchoring in the body of water. 17. The device of claim 16, wherein the anchor comprises means for holding under water plants placed therein prior to anchoring in the body of water. 18. The device of claim 17, wherein the anchor comprises compartments having at least one from among seeds, plants, and marine life placed therein. 19. The device of claim 15, further comprising at least one sensor for monitoring at least one environmental condition in the body of water, coupled to the frame and further comprising a source of electric power for powering the at least one sensor. 20. The device of claim 19 wherein the at least one sensor is coupled to the frame and further comprising a source of electric power for powering the at least one sensor. 21. A marine aquacultural recovery system for use with permanent and temporary enhancements of marine aquaculture in a body of water, the system comprising: a marine aquaculture enhancement device suspended within a casing anchored to the floor of the body of water and comprising means for means for promoting growth of aquatic life; an air pump associated with the casing and configured to provide air to an interior of the casing; sensors associated with the casing for providing environmental data regarding environmental conditions in the area of the casing; and means for powering the air pump and the sensors. 22. The system of claim 20, wherein the powering means comprises at least one from among solar panels and batteries. 23. The system of claim 20, wherein the marine aquacultural enhancement device comprises at least one from among a frayed rope, trays for holding seeds, trays for holding plant life, and trays for holding marine life. 