A method for providing location-based nowcast, comprises the steps of: a) initiation of a request, by an end-user, for a time evolution of user-selected nowcast weather parameters, the transmission of the request being made over a public communication network to a nowcast request processor; b) the determination of the end-user's actual location by the nowcast request processor; c) the nowcast request processor gathering raw weather data from data sources; d) processing the raw data into a time-series of nowcast parameter maps; e) extracting the time evolution of the user requested nowcast parameters from the time-series of nowcast parameter maps by positioning the end-user's location on said time series; and f) distributing the requested information to end-user regarding the user-selected nowcast parameters within the extracted time evolution.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for providing location-based nowcast, comprising the steps of: g) initiation of a request, by a user, for a time evolution of user selected nowcast parameters, by transmission of said request over a public communication network to a computer; h) determining location of user cell; i) receiving raw data from sources, said raw data containing information of any of the following geophysical parameters; j) processing said raw data to create a time-series of forecasted parameters maps; k) extracting a time evolution of user requested nowcast parameters from said time-series of forecasted parameter maps by positioning said cell on said time series; and l) distributing information to said user about the user-selected nowcast parameter within said time evolution. 2. A method according to claim 1, wherein said nowcast parameters comprises type, intensity, development and movement of a precipitation. 3. A method according to claim 1, wherein said nowcast parameters further comprises cloud properties such as existence, height, thickness, cloud movement, and development of clouds. 4. A method according to claim 1, wherein said nowcast parameters further comprises wind direction, velocity, temperature, humidity, solar radiation, u.v radiation, and barometric pressure. 5. A method according to claim 1, wherein said nowcast parameters further comprises pollution data such as: pollutant gases and pollutant particles. 6. A method according to claim 1, wherein said nowcast parameters further comprises environmental parameters including: heat stress, wind-chill factor, frost, safe exposure time for various skin types, safe time for avoiding heat stroke, and air quality health index. 7. A method according to claim 1, wherein said raw data is received from data sources selected from at least two of the group consisting of weather satellites, weather radar, air quality monitoring stations, and national meteorological services. 8. A method according to claim 1, wherein said geophysical parameters further comprises: weather satellite data, weather radar data, air quality data. 9. A method for providing location-based meteorological forecast for a period of less then 60 minutes and areas of less than 1 km in radius. 