A mobile has mobile elements made from a solar cell, a hollow beam and a motivator. The solar cell is mounted to a substrate and connected via wires through the hollow beam to the motivator. The hollow beam supports the substrate at one end and the motivator at the other. The motivator may be a small electric fan or valved gas jet. The substrate is a flat plastic panel, such as a CD-ROM disc, a lightweight plastic sheet, and printed circuit board. The mobile elements may be connected as in a traditional Calder mobile, or in an aligned vertical stack. As the solar panels receive sufficient light, power for the motivator is generated, causing the mobile elements to move.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A mobile element for inclusion in a mobile having a plurality of mobile elements connected together and arranged balanced about a mobile center of gravity, the mobile element comprising: a beam having first and second ends; a solar cell panel for generating electrical power in the presence of a light source, the solar cell panel connected with the first end of the beam; and a motivator electrically connected to the solar cell panel for receiving the generated electrical power attached to the second end of the beam, so that a motivating force produced by the motivator is directed in major part perpendicular to a longitudinal axis of the beam, wherein an element center of gravity is located on the beam between the solar cell panel and the motivator. 2. A mobile element according to claim 1, further comprising a planar substrate supporting the solar cell panel and connecting the solar cell panel to the first end of the beam. 3. A mobile element according to claim 2, wherein the motivator comprises an electric fan. 4. A mobile element according to claim 3, further comprising a pair of electrical conducting wires extending through a passage formed in the beam between the first and second ends, the pair of wires for electrically connecting the electric fan to the solar cell panel. 5. A mobile element according to claim 4, wherein the beam includes a mounting hole through the beam located at about the element center of gravity. 6. A mobile element according to claim 5, further comprising a sheath extending through the passage, the sheath preventing the pair of wires from obstructing the mounting hole. 7. A mobile element according to claim 3, further comprising a sheath extending through the passage. 8. A mobile element according to claim 3, wherein the substrate is shaped one of square, circular, and triangular. 9. A mobile element according to claim 2, wherein the substrate is one of a CD-ROM disc, a lightweight plastic sheet, and printed circuit board. 10. A mobile element according to claim 1, wherein the motivator comprises an electric fan. 11. A mobile element according to claim 1, wherein at least one of the solar cell panel and the motivator are longitudinally adjustable relative to the other. 12. A mobile element according to claim 1, further comprising a sliding weight mounted on the beam. 13. A mobile providing entertainment and amusement and exhibiting movement in the presence of a light source, the mobile comprising: a pair of mobile elements, each mobile element comprising a beam having first and second ends, a solar cell panel for generating electrical power in the presence of a light source, the solar cell panel connected with the first end of the beam, a motivator electrically connected to the solar cell panel for receiving the generated electrical power attached to the second end of the beam, so that a motivating force produced by the motivator is directed in major part perpendicular to a longitudinal axis of the beam, wherein an element center of gravity is located on the beam between the solar cell panel and the motivator; and means for supporting each mobile element in spaced vertical relation to the other mobile element for rotational movement about the element center of gravity when the motivating force of the corresponding mobile element is applied. 14. A mobile according to claim 13, wherein the motivator comprises an electric fan. 15. A mobile according to claim 13, wherein each mobile element further comprises a substrate supporting the solar cell panel and connecting the solar cell panel to the beam. 16. A mobile according to claim 15, wherein the substrate comprises one of a CD-ROM disc, a lightweight plastic sheet, and printed circuit board. 17. A mobile according to claim 13, wherein at least one of the solar cell panel and the motivator of each mobile element are longitudinally adjustable relative to the other one of the solar cell panel and motivator. 18. A mobile according to claim 13, further comprising a slidable weight mounted on the beam of at least one of the mobile elements. 19. A mobile providing entertainment and amusement and exhibiting movement in the presence of a light source, the mobile comprising: a main beam having two ends and a main center of gravity; a mobile element connected to one of the ends of the main beam, the mobile element comprising an element beam having first and second ends, a solar cell panel for generating electrical power in the presence of a light source, the solar cell panel connected with the first end of the element beam, a motivator electrically connected to the solar cell panel for receiving the generated electrical power attached to the second end of the element beam, so that a motivating force produced by the motivator is directed in major part perpendicular to a longitudinal axis of the element beam, wherein an element center of gravity is located on the element beam between the solar cell panel and the motivator, each at least one mobile element being connected with the main beam from the element center of gravity; at least one mobile object connected to the other end of the main beam for balancing the main beam so that the main center of gravity is located between the ends of the main beam. 20. A mobile according to claim 19, wherein the at least one mobile object is selected from the group consisting of a second mobile element and a decorative object. 21. A mobile according to claim 19, wherein the motivator is an electric fan. 22. A mobile according to claim 19, wherein the mobile element further comprises a substrate supporting the solar cell panel and connecting the solar cell panel to the beam. 23. A mobile according to claim 19, further comprising means for hanging the main beam to depend from an elevated horizontal surface connected to the main center of gravity. 24. A mobile according to claim 19, wherein at least one of the solar cell panel and the motivator are longitudinally adjustable relative to the other one of the solar cell panel and motivator. 25. A mobile according to claim 19, further comprising a slidable weight mounted on the element beam. 