An outdoor umbrella includes a foldable umbrella awning, an umbrella frame, a lighting system mounted on the umbrella frame, and a solar power supply arrangement which converts solar energy into electrical energy and provides the converted electrical energy to the lighting system for lighting up the lighting system. The solar power supply arrangement includes a solar collecting device supported by the main supporting stem, wherein the solar collecting device has a collecting surface arranged to expose to sunlight for extensively collecting solar energy.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An outdoors umbrella, comprising: an umbrella awning; an umbrella frame, which comprises: a main supporting stem; and an awning frame which is supported by said main supporting stem, and comprises an upper housing supported by said main supporting frame, and a plurality of awning supporting arms outwardly and radially extended from said upper housing to support said umbrella awning and to define a shielding zone under said awning supporting frame; a lighting system which comprises at least one illuminating unit mounted on said umbrella frame for providing illumination to said shielding zone; and a solar power supply arrangement which is provided on said umbrella frame and comprises a solar collecting device having a collecting surface arranged for exposing in sunlight to collect solar energy, wherein said solar collecting device is electrically connected to said lighting system, and adapted to convert said solar energy into electrical energy, so as to provide said electrical energy to said lighting system. 2. The outdoors umbrella, as recited in claim 1, wherein said solar power supply arrangement further comprises a storage battery mounted on said umbrella frame and electrically connected between said lighting system and said solar collecting device, wherein said storage battery is adapted for storing electrical energy converted by said solar collecting device and provide said electrical energy to said lighting system. 3. The outdoors umbrella, as recited in claim 2, wherein said solar power supply arrangement further comprises a battery housing mounted on top of said upper housing, wherein said storage battery is arranged to receive in said battery housing, and that said solar collecting device is mounted on top of said battery housing in such a manner that said solar collecting device is orientated to face towards sunlight for collecting solar energy. 4. The outdoors umbrella, as recited in claim 2, wherein said solar power supply arrangement further comprises a battery housing, wherein said storage battery is arranged to receive in said receiving cavity of said battery housing, wherein said solar collecting device is mounted on top of said battery housing, said solar power supply arrangement further comprising a battery base having an upper portion mounted to said battery housing, and a bottom potion mounted on top of said main supporting stem, so as to securely mount said battery housing on said main supporting stem. 5. The outdoors umbrella, as recited in claim 2, wherein said awning frame further comprises a connecting arm having first end connected to a top portion of said main supporting stem, and second end sidewardly extended from said main supporting stem, wherein said upper housing is mounted on said second end of said connecting arm, said solar power supply arrangement further comprising a battery housing, a battery base, and a mounting arrangement, wherein said mounting arrangement contains two longitudinal mounting slots, having T-shaped cross section, formed on two sides of said connecting arm, and comprises a mounting device comprising a supporting panel mounted on a bottom portion of said solar collecting device, a pair of retaining members downwardly extended from a bottom surface of said supporting panel, and two T-shaped sliding guiders inwardly extended from two bottom ends of said retaining members respectively, wherein said T-shaped sliding guiders are arranged to slidably and fittedly inserted into said mounting slots for mounting said solar collecting device on said connecting arm, wherein said batter base has a lower portion mounted on top of said supporting stem, and an upper portion mounted to said battery housing, wherein said storage battery is arranged to securely receive into said battery housing. 6. The outdoors umbrella, as recited in claim 2, wherein said awning frame further comprises a connecting arm having first end connected to a top portion of said main supporting stem, and second end sidewardly extended from said main supporting stem, wherein said upper housing is mounted on said second end of said connecting arm, said solar power supply arrangement further comprising a battery housing, a battery base, and a mounting arrangement, wherein said mounting arrangement contains a mounting slot formed on said connecting arm, wherein said solar collecting device is arranged to fittedly and sildably insert into said mounting slot for mounting said solar collecting device on said connecting arm, wherein said battery base is mounted between said supporting stem and said battery housing, wherein said storage battery is arranged to securely receive into said battery housing. 7. The outdoors umbrella, as recited in claim 1, wherein said plurality of illuminating units are electrically connected with each others by a plurality of electrically wires received at interior of said awning supporting arms, wherein each of said awning supporting arms has a light receiving slot formed thereon, wherein said illuminating units are securely mounted inside said light housings. 8. The outdoors umbrella, as recited in claim 3, wherein said plurality of illuminating units are electrically connected with each others by a plurality of electrically wires received at interior of said awning supporting arms, wherein each of said awning supporting arms has a light receiving slot formed thereon, wherein said illuminating units are securely mounted inside said light housings. 9. The outdoors umbrella, as recited in claim 4, wherein said plurality of illuminating units are electrically connected with each others by a plurality of electrically wires received at interior of said awning supporting arms, wherein each of said awning supporting arms has a light receiving slot formed thereon, wherein said illuminating units are securely mounted inside said light receiving slot. 10. The outdoors umbrella, as recited in claim 5, wherein said plurality of illuminating units are electrically connected with each others by a plurality of electrically wires received at interior of said awning supporting arms, wherein each of said awning supporting arms has a light receiving slot formed thereon, wherein said illuminating units are securely mounted inside said light receiving slot. 11. The outdoors umbrella, as recited in claim 6, wherein said plurality of illuminating units are electrically connected with each others by a plurality of electrically wires received at interior of said awning supporting arms, wherein each of said awning supporting arms has a light receiving slot formed thereon, wherein said illuminating units are securely mounted inside said light receiving slot. 12. The outdoors umbrella, as recited in claim 7, wherein said plurality of awning supporting arms are pivotally connected to said upper housing in such a manner that said awning supporting arms are adapted to move between a folded position and an unfolded position, wherein in said folded position, said awning supporting arms are pivotally and inwardly folded to overlappedly lay in position, wherein in said unfolded position, said awning supporting arms are pivotally and outwardly extended to support said umbrella awning. 13. The outdoors umbrella, as recited in claim 8, wherein said plurality of awning supporting arms are pivotally connected to said upper housing in such a manner that said awning supporting arms are adapted to move between a folded position and an unfolded position, wherein in said folded position, said awning supporting arms are pivotally and inwardly folded to overlappedly lay in position, wherein in said unfolded position, said awning supporting arms are pivotally and outwardly extended to support said umbrella awning. 14. The outdoors umbrella, as recited in claim 9, wherein said plurality of awning supporting arms are pivotally connected to said upper housing in such a manner that said awning supporting arms are adapted to move between a folded position and an unfolded position, wherein in said folded position, said awning supporting arms are pivotally and inwardly folded to overlappedly lay in position, wherein in said unfolded position, said awning supporting arms are pivotally and outwardly extended to support said umbrella awning. 15. The outdoors umbrella, as recited in claim 10, wherein said plurality of awning supporting arms are pivotally connected to said upper housing in such a manner that said awning supporting arms are adapted to move between a folded position and an unfolded position, wherein in said folded position, said awning supporting arms are pivotally and inwardly folded to overlappedly lay in position, wherein in said unfolded position, said awning supporting arms are pivotally and outwardly extended to support said umbrella awning. 16. The outdoors umbrella, as recited in claim 11, wherein said plurality of awning supporting arms are pivotally connected to said upper housing in such a manner that said awning supporting arms are adapted to move between a folded position and an unfolded position, wherein in said folded position, said awning supporting arms are pivotally and inwardly folded to overlappedly lay in position, wherein in said unfolded position, said awning supporting arms are pivotally and outwardly extended to support said umbrella awning. 17. The outdoors umbrella, as recited in claim 12, wherein said solar power supply arrangement further comprises a power switch mounted on said main supporting stem and electrically connected between said storage battery and said solar collecting device, wherein said power switch is arranged to selectively connect and disconnect said solar collecting device with said storage battery in such a manner that when said power switch is turned off, said solar collecting device stops from providing electricity to said storage battery, whereas when said power switch is turned on, said solar collecting device is adapted to deliver electricity to said storage battery. 18. The outdoors umbrella, as recited in claim 13, wherein said solar power supply arrangement further comprises a power switch mounted on said main supporting stem and electrically connected between said storage battery and said solar collecting device, wherein said power switch is arranged to selectively connect and disconnect said solar collecting device with said storage battery in such a manner that when said power switch is turned off, said solar collecting device stops from providing electricity to said storage battery, whereas when said power switch is turned on, said solar collecting device is adapted to deliver electricity to said storage battery. 19. The outdoors umbrella, as recited in claim 14, wherein said solar power supply arrangement further comprises a power switch mounted on said main supporting stem and electrically connected between said storage battery and said solar collecting device, wherein said power switch is arranged to selectively connect and disconnect said solar collecting device with said storage battery in such a manner that when said power switch is turned off, said solar collecting device stops from providing electricity to said storage battery, whereas when said power switch is turned on, said solar collecting device is adapted to deliver electricity to said storage battery. 20. The outdoors umbrella, as recited in claim 15, wherein said solar power supply arrangement further comprises a power switch mounted on said main supporting stem and electrically connected between said storage battery and said solar collecting device, wherein said power switch is arranged to selectively connect and disconnect said solar collecting device with said storage battery in such a manner that when said power switch is turned off, said solar collecting device stops from providing electricity to said storage battery, whereas when said power switch is turned on, said solar collecting device is adapted to deliver electricity to said storage battery. 