A monitoring terminal device is provided which is capable of reducing its power consumption to a minimum and of being fully operated even indoors by using a solar cell as a power source. In the monitoring terminal device including a sensor unit and a transmitting unit having a wireless communication function to transmit, by wireless, a sensor monitoring output, the sensor and wireless transmitting unit are activated intermittently, and, when the monitoring terminal device is not operating, supply of power to the sensor unit and transmitting unit is stopped and a control processor is put into a sleep state, which enables reduction of power consumption to a minimum. This ensures a long operation of the monitoring terminal device even in an environment in which power is not supplied from the outside.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A monitoring terminal device comprising: a sensor unit; a wireless transmitting unit to transmit, by wireless, an output from said sensor unit; and a control unit to start operations of said sensor unit in a specified cycle and to have said sensor unit operate for a specified period of time and to start operations of said wireless transmitting unit in a cycle being longer than said specified cycle and to have said wireless transmitting unit to perform operations of communications for a specified period of time. 2. The monitoring terminal device according to claim 1, wherein said control unit has a power source managing unit to supply power only while said sensor unit and/or said wireless transmitting unit are operating. 3. The monitoring terminal device according to claim 1, wherein said control unit has a timer to control starting cycles of said sensor unit and/or said wireless transmitting unit and to control so that only said timer operates when said sensor unit and/or said wireless transmitting unit are not operating. 4. The monitoring terminal device according to claim 1, wherein said control unit starts and controls said wireless transmitting unit in response to a change in an output from said sensor unit. 5. The monitoring terminal device according to claim 1, wherein said control unit, by learning frequency of a change in said output from said sensor unit, changes starting cycles of said sensor unit. 6. The monitoring terminal device according to claim 1, where said control unit makes said starting cycles of said sensor unit variable depending on a type of said sensor unit. 7. The monitoring terminal device according to claim 1, further comprising a power source constructed of at least one of a solar cell, secondary cell, and a capacitor. 8. The monitoring terminal device according to claim 7, wherein said solar cell is of an amorphous type. 9. The monitoring terminal device according to claim 1 wherein said sensor unit is a proximity-perception-type lead switch. 10. The monitoring terminal device according to claim 1, wherein said wireless transmitting unit transmits a signal for fault diagnosis in a specified cycle. 11. The monitoring terminal device according to claim 1, wherein said sensor unit is used to observe and monitor a specified kind of physical quantity. 12. The monitoring terminal device according to claim 1, wherein said sensor unit is used to observe and monitor temperature. 13. The monitoring terminal device according to claim 1, wherein said wireless transmitting unit transmits, by radio, an output from said sensor unit. 14. The monitoring terminal device according to claim 1, wherein said wireless transmitting unit transmits, by light, an output from said sensor unit. 