Sunlight can damage a conventional touch screen display and cause the display to be quite difficult to read. Furthermore, conventional touch screen displays are easily damaged, and, once damaged, the entire touch screen is replaced. To address these concerns, a touch panel includes anti-reflective coatings on the surfaces of the top plate and the base plate that are open to the air. These coatings substantially reduce reflections and make the touch screen easier to read in direct sunlight. In particular, the anti-reflective coating used on the upper surface of the base plate is dielectric in nature to reduce reflectivity even further. This dielectric coating includes openings to an underlying conductive layer so that an electrical contact is made when a user deflects the top plate into the base plate. Also, the top plate may be detachably coupled to the base plate, advantageously by double stick adhesive tape, so that only the top plate is replaced when damaged. In one embodiment, the top plate is placed in tension within a frame to prevent wrinkling. Furthermore, a resistive voltage divider may be fabricated on the base plate. The resistive voltage divider may include a substantially continuous strip of resistive material disposed on the conductive layer of the base plate, and a plurality of conductive traces disposed on the dielectric layer of the base plate and coupled to the resistive material in selected locations.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A touch panel display system comprising: a computer; a controller coupled to the computer; a display screen coupled to the computer; a touch panel coupled to the controller and being disposed over the display screen, the touch panel comprising: a base plate being disposed adjacent the display screen, the base plate having a rigid substrate having an upper surface and a lower surface, a first conductive layer disposed over the upper surface of the rigid substrate, an anti-reflective dielectric layer disposed over the first conductive layer, the anti-reflective dielectric layer having openings through to the first conductive layer, and a first anti-reflective layer disposed on the lower surface of the rigid substrate; and a top plate being disposed in spaced apart relation over the base plate, the top plate having a flexible substrate having an upper surface and a lower surface, a hard coating layer, a second anti-reflective layer, and a tensioning frame disposed over the upper surface of the flexible substrate, and an anti-reflective conductive layer disposed on the lower surface of the flexible substrate. 2. The system, as set forth in claim 1, wherein the display screen comprises a liquid crystal display. 3. The system, as set forth in claim 1, wherein the top plate is removably mounted in spaced apart relation over the base plate. 4. The system, as set forth in claim 3, comprising double stick adhesive tape coupling the top plate to the base plate. 5. The system, as set forth in claim 4, wherein the double stick adhesive tape comprises a relatively high tack adhesive side and a relatively low tack adhesive side. 6. The system, as set forth in claim 5, wherein the relatively high tack adhesive side is coupled to the top plate and the relatively low tack adhesive side is coupled to the base plate. 7. The system, as set forth in claim 5, wherein the relatively high tack adhesive side is coupled to the base plate and the relatively low tack adhesive side is coupled to the top plate. 8. The system, as set forth in claim 1, wherein the second anti-reflective layer is disposed over the hard coating layer. 9. The system, as set forth in claim 1, wherein the top plate comprises an anti-fingerprint layer disposed over the second anti-reflective layer and the hard coating layer. 10. The system, as set forth in claim 1, wherein the anti-fingerprint layer comprises a hydrophobic material. 11. The system, as set forth in claim 1, wherein a tensioning frame comprises the reinforced material. 12. The system, as set forth in claim 1, wherein the tensioning frame comprises a metal. 13. The system, as set forth in claim 12, wherein the tensioning frame comprises one of aluminum and stainless steel. 14. The system, as set forth in claim 1, wherein the tensioning frame is bonded to an outer surface of the top plate. 15. The system, as set forth in claim 14, wherein the tensioning frame is bonded to an outer surface of the top plate with a UV curing adhesive. 16. The system, as set forth in claim 1, wherein the rigid substrate comprises glass. 17. The system, as set forth in claim 1, wherein the rigid substrate comprises a first substrate portion bonded to a second substrate portion. 18. The system, as set fort in claim 17, wherein the first substrate portion and the second substrate portion comprise glass. 19. The system, as set forth in claim 1, comprising a coating which reflects solar energy outside the visible spectrum disposed on at least one of the top plate and the base plate. 20. The system, as set forth in claim 19, wherein the coating which reflects solar energy comprises a hot mirror capability. 21. The system, as set forth in claim 1, wherein the first conductive layer comprises at least one of titanium and indium tin oxide. 22. The system, as set forth in claim 1, wherein the anti-reflective dielectric layer comprises at least one of silicon dioxide and magnesium fluoride. 23. The system, as set forth in claim 1, wherein each opening has an area in a range from about 2.5 mils to about 10.0 mils, and wherein the openings have an average spacing in a range from about 10.0 mils to about 50.0 mils. 24. The system, as set forth in claim 1, wherein the first anti-reflective layer comprises multiple layers. 25. The system, as set forth in claim 1, wherein the flexible substrate comprises one of Mylar, Lexan, and CR-39. 26. The system, as set forth in claim 1, wherein the hard coating layer comprises silicon dioxide. 27. The system, as set forth in claim 1, wherein the second anti-reflective layer comprises at least one of silicon dioxide and magnesium fluoride. 28. The system, as set forth in claim 1, wherein the anti-reflective conductive layer comprises at least one of titanium and indium tin oxide. 29. The system, as set forth in claim 1, wherein the touch panel comprises a sensing circuit coupled to the first conductive layer and to the anti-reflective conductive layer, the sensing circuit delivering a signal correlative to a position where the first conductive layer contacts the anti-reflective conductive layer. 30. The system, as set forth in claim 29, wherein the sensing circuit comprises: a substantially continuous resistive member disposed on the first conductive layer adjacent a peripheral portion of the anti-reflective dielectric layer; and a plurality of conductive traces disposed on the anti-reflective dielectric layer, each of the plurality of conductive traces having a first end coupled to a respective selected location of the resistive member and having a second end coupled to the controller. 31. A touch screen overlay comprising: a tensioning frame; a flexible substrate having an upper surface and a lower surface, upper surface coupled to the tensioning frame; and double stick adhesive tape coupled to the lower surface of the flexible substrate. 32. The overlay, as set forth in claim 31, comprising a hard coating layer disposed over the upper surface of the flexible substrate. 33. The overlay, as set forth in claim 32, wherein the hard coating layer comprises silicon dioxide. 34. The overlay, as set forth in claim 31, wherein the flexible substrate comprises one of Mylar, Lexan, and CR-39. 35. The overlay, as set forth in claim 31, comprising an anti-reflective layer disposed over the upper surface of the flexible substrate. 36. The overlay, as set forth in claim 35, wherein the anti-reflective layer comprises at least one of silicon dioxide and magnesium fluoride. 37. The overlay, as set forth in claim 31, comprising an anti-reflective conductive layer disposed on the lower surface of the flexible substrate. 38. The overlay, as set forth in claim 37, wherein the anti-reflective conductive layer comprises at least one of titanium and indium tin oxide. 39. The overlay, as set forth in claim 31, wherein the double stick adhesive tape comprises a relatively high tack adhesive side and a relatively low tack adhesive side. 40. The overlay, as set forth in claim 39, wherein the relatively high tack adhesive side is coupled to the flexible substrate. 41. The overlay, as set forth in claim 39, wherein the relatively low tack adhesive side is coupled to the flexible substrate. 42. The overlay, as set forth in claim 31, comprising an anti-fingerprint layer disposed over the flexible substrate. 43. The overlay, as set forth in claim 42, wherein the anti-fingerprint layer comprises a hydrophobic material. 44. The overlay, as set forth in claim 31, wherein the tensioning frame comprises a reinforced material. 45. The overlay, as set forth in claim 31, wherein the tensioning frame comprises a metal. 46. The overlay, as set forth in claim 45, wherein the tensioning frame comprises one of aluminum and stainless steel. 47. The overlay, as set forth in claim 31, wherein the tensioning frame is bonded to an outer surface of the top plate. 48. The overlay, as set forth in claim 47, wherein the tensioning frame is bonded to an outer surface of the top plate with a UV curing adhesive. 49. The overlay, as set forth in claim 31, comprising a coating which reflects solar energy outside the visible spectrum disposed over the flexible substrate. 50. The overlay, as set forth in claim 49, wherein the coating which reflects solar energy outside the visible spectrum comprises a hot mirror capability. 51. A touch screen comprising: a tensioning frame; a top plate having an upper surface and a lower surface, the upper surface being coupled to the tensioning frame; a base plate having an upper surface and a lower surface; and a member detachably coupling the lower surface of the top plate to the upper surface of the base plate. 52. The touch screen, as set forth in claim 51, wherein the top plate comprises a flexible substrate having an upper surface and a lower surface. 53. The touch screen, as set forth in claim 52, wherein the flexible substrate comprises one of Mylar, Lexan, and CR-39. 54. The touch screen, as set forth in claim 52, comprising a hard coating layer disposed over the upper surface of the flexible substrate. 55. The touch screen, as set forth in claim 54, wherein the hard coating layer comprises silicon dioxide. 56. The touch screen, as set forth in claim 52, comprising an anti-reflective layer disposed over the upper surface of the flexible substrate. 57. The touch screen, as set forth in claim 56, wherein the anti-reflective layer comprises at least one of silicon dioxide and magnesium fluoride. 58. The touch screen, as set forth in claim 52, comprising an anti-reflective conductive layer disposed on the lower surface of the flexible substrate. 59. The touch screen, as set forth in claim 58, wherein the anti-reflective conductive layer comprises at least one of titanium and indium tin oxide. 60. The touch screen, as set forth in claim 51, wherein the member comprises double stick adhesive tape. 61. The touch screen, as set forth in claim 60, wherein the double stick adhesive tape comprises a relatively high tack adhesive side and a relatively low tack adhesive side. 62. The touch screen, as set forth in claim 61, wherein the relatively high tack adhesive side is coupled to the lower surface of the top plate and the relatively low tack adhesive side is coupled to the upper surface of the base plate. 63. The touch screen, as set forth in claim 61, wherein the relatively low tack adhesive side is coupled to the lower surface of the top plate and the relatively high tack adhesive side is coupled to the upper surface of the base plate. 64. The touch screen, as set forth in claim 52, comprising an anti-fingerprint layer disposed over the flexible substrate. 65. The touch screen, as set forth in claim 64, wherein the anti-fingerprint layer comprises a hydrophobic material. 66. The touch screen, as set forth in claim 51, wherein the tensioning frame comprises the reinforced material. 67. The touch screen, as set forth in claim 51, wherein the tensioning frame comprises a metal. 68. The touch screen, as set forth in claim 67, wherein the tensioning frame comprises one of aluminum and stainless steel. 69. The touch screen, as set forth in claim 51, wherein the tensioning frame is bonded to an outer surface of the top plate. 70. The touch screen, as set forth in claim 69, wherein the tensioning frame is bonded to an outer surface of the top plate with a UV curing adhesive. 71. The touch screen, as set forth in claim 52, comprising a coating which reflects solar energy outside the visible spectrum disposed over the flexible substrate. 72. The touch screen, as set forth in claim 71, wherein the coating which reflects solar energy outside the visible spectrum comprises a hot mirror capability. 73. The touch screen, as set forth in claim 51, wherein the base plate comprises a rigid substrate having an upper surface and a lower surface. 74. The touch screen, as set forth in claim 73, comprising a conductive layer disposed over the upper surface of the rigid substrate. 75. The touch screen, as set forth in claim 74, wherein the conductive layer comprises at least one of titanium and indium tin oxide. 76. The touch screen, as set forth in claim 74 comprising an anti-reflective dielectric layer disposed over the conductive layer, the anti-reflective dielectric layer having openings through to the conductive layer. 77. The touch screen, as set forth in claim 76, wherein the anti-reflective dielectric layer comprises one of silicon dioxide and magnesium fluoride. 78. The touch screen, as set forth in claim 73, comprising an anti-reflective layer disposed on the lower surface of the rigid substrate. 79. The touch screen, as set forth in claim 78, wherein the anti-reflective layer comprises multiple layers of anti-reflective material. 80. The touch screen, as set forth in claim 51, comprising a sensing circuit coupled to the top plate and to the base plate, the sensing circuit delivering a signal correlative to a position where the top plate contacts the base plate. 81. The touch screen, as set forth in claim 80, wherein the sensing circuit comprises: a substantially continuous resistive member disposed on a conductive layer on the base plate adjacent a peripheral portion of a patterned anti-reflective dielectric layer disposed over the conductive layer on the base plate; and a plurality of conductive traces disposed on the anti-reflective dielectric layer, each of the plurality of conductive traces having a first end coupled to a respective selected location of the resistive member. 82. A method of bonding a frame to a touch panel, the method comprising the acts of: (a) heating the touch panel to a temperature greater than the operating temperature range of the touch panel; (b) coupling the frame to the perimeter of the mounting surface to create a frame assembly; and (c) cooling the frame assembly to place the touch panel in tension. 83. The method, as set forth in claim 82, wherein act (a) comprises the act of heating the touch panel to a temperature within the range 60.degree. C. to 100.degree. C. 84. The method, as set forth in claim 82, wherein act (b) comprises coupling the frame to the perimeter of the mounting surface with adhesive. 