This invention refers to an Automatic/Manual Device for Controlling Outflow of Water or any Fluid, with Mechanical Functioning and Easy Installation. It has a threadable intake nozzle for the inflow of water or any other fluid. The nozzle can be turned to direct the device as needed. Also, in the interior of the device there are two magnets with inverse polarity, a spring, two rubber membranes with orifices, a rubber membrane without an orifice, two supports for said membranes an air chamber, a manually-activated metal ring, a functioning mechanism with the following positions: ON-OFF, a double copper tube that is submerged in the container to be filled, a rubber hose connecting the double copper tube with the air chamber, and an activating mechanism with "manual", and "automatic" positions for operating the device. The functioning of this invention is provided for, with the objective being to shut off the flow of water or any other fluid once the container, tank, trough, barrel, tub, bathtub. toilet, pool, or other reservoir has been filled, by way of hydrostatic pressure exerted by the water container itself through the double copper tube connected to the air chamber by way of the rubber hose, with the necessary pressure being exerted to separate the magnets and thus close the fluid flow orifice.
Claims With this invention having been specifically described and its nature determined, along with the manner in which same is to be used, the following are claimed as exclusive property and rights: 1) Automatic/Manual Device for Controlling Outflow of Water or any Fluid, with Mechanical Functioning and Easy Installation, characterized due to its consisting of: a mechanism for the admission of water or any other fluid, comprised of part A, which consists of a threadable orifice for the admission of water or other fluid, an arm-shaped duct B which can be pointed in whatever direction is desired, attached to the device housing C. A first rubber membrane D, with a small diametric orifice 2, for communication with pressure chamber W Rubber membrane D is supported by part E of solid material, which allows it to form a secure seal against valve seat Y. Membrane D and part E are activated by the flow of water, and facilitate the flow of water or fluid from the device INFLOW to the OUTFLOW when the device is connected for purposes of filling any type of container, tank, trough, barrel, tub, bathtub, toilet, pool, reservoir, or similar vessel, either automatically or manually. Pressure chamber W communicates, by way of a duct in its lateral portion with a small diametric orifice 3, with pressure chamber V and cylinder Z. Pressure chamber V houses the second rubber membrane F, which has a small diametric orifice 3. The second rubber membrane F is supported by part G, which allows it to form a secure seal against valve seat X. Part G has a small orifice H that allows water or fluid to flow through duct S. Cylinder Z houses piston J. Piston J houses small magnet K and the small rubber part I at its lower external end. The small magnet K inside cylinder J functions with inverted polarity with respect to cylindrical magnet M, so that the small rubber part I can open or close the millimetric hole H. A third rubber membrane L, sensitive to hydrostatic pressure, can also be noted, which serves as support for cylindrical magnet M and cylinder N. Cylinder N has a projection which communicates with switch Q. Switch 0 indicates the following positions: ON or OFF,: and can be moved according to the required functioning of the device, either activated or deactivated. Spring N exerts pressure on round magnet M, moving it to the bottom of air chamber U. Metal ring 0 is attached to selector P in order to select the "manual" or "automatic" position. A double tube T that detects the water level, forming hydrostatic pressure within double tube T. The hydrostatic pressure in double tube T is transmitted through its projection duct 1' and through rubber hose R to entrance 1 of air chamber U, thus causing both magnets to move. Both tubes of double tube T can be copper or only partially (internally or externally) with the other part being of plastic material (polymer or PVC). A hook used to hang the device on the container to be filled can also be seen. Besides orifice 1', double tube T also has in its upper portion a smooth hole to enable it to be attached or connected to the same exit orifice of the device. 2) Automatic/Manual Device for Controlling Outflow of Water or any Fluid, with Mechanical Functioning and Easy Installation, in accordance with claim 1, characterized by the water inflow joint on the upper portion of the device consisting of a leakproof thread extending radially thus facilitating its installation and mounting without the use of any tools. 3) Automatic/Manual Device for Controlling Outflow of Water or any Fluid, with Mechanical Functioning and Easy Installation, in accordance with claim 1, characterized by the water inflow duct 8 on the lateral portion of the device revolving axially depending on the needs and direction of use to be given to the device. 4) Automatic/Manual Device for Controlling Outflow of Water or any Fluid, with Mechanical Functioning and Easy Installation, in accordance with claim 1, characterized by both magnets (the cylindrical one and the small plastic-covered one) possessing different polarities in order to repel each other and perform the function of a coil in an electronic valve, thereby substituting for the functions of the electric coil and core. 5) Automatic/Manual Device for Controlling Outflow of Water or any Fluid, with Mechanical Functioning and Easy Installation, in accordance with claims 1 and 4, characterized by both magnets functioning totally and not partially, which causes the water flow to be cut off completely, not gradually as happens with the functioning of other similar devices currently in use, such as float valves. 6) Automatic/Manual Device for Controlling Outflow of Water or any Fluid, with Mechanical Functioning and Easy Installation, in accordance with claim 1, characterized by said device functioning without electricity, batteries, solar energy, nor electrical, electronic, or similar mechanisms, parts, and connections. 7) Automatic/Manual Device for Controlling Outflow of Water or any Fluid, with Mechanical Functioning and Easy Installation, in accordance with claim 1, characterized by the fact that any type of hose can be connected to said water inflow mechanism for specific and set filling. 8) Automatic/Manual Device for Controlling Outflow of Water or any Fluid, with Mechanical Functioning and Easy Installation, in accordance with claim 1, characterized by the fact that its functioning is totally and completely mechanical, and thus can be safely used for handling all manner of flammable fuels, whether liquid or gaseous. 9) Automatic/Manual Device for Controlling Outflow of Water or any Fluid, with Mechanical Functioning and Easy Installation, in accordance with claim 1, characterized by the fact that the device can operate at between 0.01 and 200 psi. 10) Automatic/Manual Device for Controlling Outflow of Water or any Fluid, with Mechanical Functioning and Easy Installation, in accordance with claim 1, characterized by the fact that once the container to which the device is attached has been filled, it is not necessary to disconnect the device in order to make use of the fluid (liquid or gas) in question. Said device is only activated ON-OFF manually at its rear portion so that the fluid may flow, and once the device is no longer activated manually the fluid automatically stops flowing. 11) Automatic/Manual Device for Controlling Outflow of Water or any Fluid, with Mechanical Functioning and Easy Installation, in accordance with claims 1, 8, 9, and 10, characterized by the fact that said device may be used as a flow valve when in manual position, with any type and size of tubing and with any type of fluid (liquid and gaseous) and with any level of working pressure. 12) Automatic/Manual Device for Controlling Outflow of Water or any Fluid, with Mechanical Functioning and Easy Installation, in accordance with claims 1, 4, and 5, characterized by the fact that the magnets can be of different sizes and geometrical shapes imaginable, depending on the size and shape of the device required and possible uses of same. There can also be more than two magnets of different shapes and sizes with inverse polarity, in order for this device and others based on the same principle to function. 