In the solar cell module, a plate-like main body having a power generating function has two end portions opposed to each other, an eaves side frame is provided at one end portion thereof, and a ridge side frame is provided at another end portion thereof, a frame cover capable of being brought into contact with a ridge side frame of another solar cell module is attachably and detachably attached to the eaves side frame, the eaves side frame is provided with an engaging member which engages with the frame cover, and the frame cover is provided with an engaging member which engages with the engaging member on the eaves side frame and an elastic member brought into contact with the engaging member on the eaves side frame to press.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar cell module for covering a roof board in cooperation with a tile by being arranged at a roof face along with the tile, the solar cell module comprising: a positioning member positioned to the tile or another solar cell module in a state of being arranged at the roof board; and a power generating member having a power generating function and attachably and detachably mounted to the positioning member. 2. The solar cell module of claim 1, wherein the positioning member includes a displacement blocking portion for blocking displacement to a lower side in a state of being arranged at the roof board. 3. The solar cell module of claim 1, wherein the positioning member supports each end portion of the power generating member in a state of being arranged at the roof board. 4. The solar cell module of claim 1, wherein the positioning member includes a guiding portion for guiding the power generating member to a predetermined mounting position. 5. The solar cell module of claim 1, further comprising: a connecting member for attachably and detachably fixing a power-generating-member-sid- e fixing portion provided in the power generating member and a positioning-member-side fixing portion provided in the positioning member in a state of mounting the power generating member to the positioning member; and a cover member covering the connecting member and attachably and detachably mounted to the power-generating-member-side fixing portion or the positioning-member-side fixing portion. 6. The solar cell module of claim 5, wherein the cover member includes: a main body portion; a movable portion displaceably provided to the main body portion; and resilient force generating means for exerting a resilient force directed to one side in a predetermined displacing direction to the movable portion, wherein in a state in which the movable portion is disposed on the one side in the displacing direction, the movable portion is engaged with the positioning member or the power generating member and the cover member is mounted to the positioning member or the power generating member. 7. The solar cell module of claim 1, wherein the power generating member having a power generating function has two end portions opposed to each other, an eaves side frame is provided at one end portion of the power generating member, and a ridge side frame is provided at another end portion of the power generating member, a cover member capable of being brought into contact with a ridge side frame of another solar cell module is attachably and detachably attached to the eaves side frame, the eaves side frame is provided with an eaves side frame engaging member which engages with the cover member, and the cover member is provided with a cover member engaging member which engages with the eaves side frame engaging member and an elastic member brought into contact with the eaves side frame engaging member to press. 8. The solar cell module of claim 5, wherein a snow guard portion is provided in the cover member. 9. The solar cell module of claim 1, wherein in the solar cell module being installed to overlap a solar cell module at an upper stage and a solar cell module or a tile at a lower stage in such a manner that a ridge side end portion of the solar cell module or the tile at the lower stage is arranged below an eaves side end portion of the solar cell module or the tile at the upper stage, a clearance is provided between the solar cell module at the upper stage and the solar cell module at the lower stage or the tile in a vertical direction, an opening to the clearance is provided along an entire length of an eaves side face of the solar cell module at the upper stage and a ventilating path is constituted by the clearance in a direction orthogonal to the eaves side face. 10. The solar cell module of claim 9, wherein a lower face of the solar cell module at the upper stage is provided with an attaching metal piece for sandwiching a ridge side end portion of the solar cell module at the lower stage or a ridge side end portion of the tile, or an attaching metal piece engaging with a support metal piece fixed to a roof face. 11. The solar cell module of claim 10, wherein a stopper for supporting the solar cell module at the upper stage when an eaves side end portion of the solar cell module at the upper stage is bent downwardly, is provided on a ridge side with respect to the eaves side face. 12. The solar cell module of claim 11, wherein the stopper is a projection provided on the ridge side end portion of the solar cell module at the lower stage or the ridge side end portion of the tile along the entire length of the eaves side face. 13. The solar cell module of claim 12, wherein the projection is inclined to an eaves side. 14. The solar cell module of claim 9, wherein an attachable and detachable cover member is hung at the eaves end portion of the solar cell module at the upper stage. 15. The solar cell module of claim 1, wherein in a state of being arranged to the roof board and positioned to the tile or other solar cell module, a clearance is formed in a vertical direction between the solar cell module and a tile or another solar cell module adjacent thereto in the vertical direction, and the clearance communicates with an outside space on an upper side of the roof. 16. The solar cell module of claim 15, wherein openings continuing from the clearance to outside space are respectively formed at a lower side end portion of the solar cell module and an upper side end portion of the solar cell module and the respective openings are formed over an entire length in an extending direction of the lower side end portion and the upper side end portion. 17. The solar cell module of claim 16, wherein the clearance forms a ventilating path extending substantially linearly from the opening on the lower side to the opening on the upper side. 18. The solar cell module of claim 1, wherein a stopper for preventing deformation of the solar cell module on an upper side in a state of arranging the solar cell module on the roof board and bending the solar cell module on the upper side downwardly. 19. The solar cell module of claim 18, wherein the stopper faces an end face on an eaves side of the solar cell module on the upper side. 20. The solar cell module of claim 19, wherein the stopper is formed over an entire length in the extending direction of the upper side end portion of the solar cell module. 21. The solar cell module of claim 20, wherein the stopper inclinedly extends to project on the upper side with the proximity to an eaves. 22. A solar cell array comprising: a plurality of the solar cell modules of claim 1, overlapping each other in such a manner that a ridge side end portion of an eaves side solar cell module is arranged below an eaves side end portion of a ridge side solar cell module and the respective solar cell modules being electrically connected to each other. 