The present invention provides a man-driven vehicle equipped with a cover structure practically covering a whole of the vehicle wherein the cover structure is provided with an openable and closable door way substantially comprising a door 6, 506, a detachable cover 112, a rotatable cover 212, 312, 403, and a slide cover 313 cooperating one with another so as to facilitate a driver to get on or off the vehicle. The cover structure additionally comprises a ground contacting skirt 530 and a floor panel 617 so that the vehicle can be comfortably driven even in adverse weather with the cover structure closed and, particularly in fine weather, the vehicle also can be driven with the cover structure opened.
Claims 1. Man-driven vehicle equipped with a cover structure adapted to cover substantially whole of the vehicle which is, in turn, provided with a selectively openable and closable door way through which a driver can get on and off the vehicle. 2. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 1, wherein the openable and closable door way comprises a door for getting on and off. 3. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 2, wherein said door is provided on one side or each side of said cover structure. 4. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 2 or 3, wherein said door is adapted to be opened and closed in slide mode. 5. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 2 or 3, wherein said door is adapted to be opened and closed in hinge mode. 6. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 2 or 3, wherein said door is a combination of a door section adapted to be opened in slide mode and a door section adapted to be closed in hinge mode. 7. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 6, wherein said door section adapted to be opened and closed in hinge mode is connected to said door section adapted to be opened and closed in slide mode by means of hinge members. 8. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 7, wherein said door section adapted to be opened and closed in slide mode is connected to guide roller members of the cover structure by means of hinge members so that the door may be retracted within the cover structure. 9. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 6, wherein said door section adapted to be opened and closed in slide mode is connected to said door section adapted to opened and closed in hinge mode so that the door may be folded. 10. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 2 or 3, wherein said door is detachably provided. 11. The man-driven vehicle equipped openable equipped with the cover structure according to claim 2, wherein the openable and closable door way comprises a detachable cover structure. 12. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 11, wherein the detachable cover structure is entirely or partially detachable. 13. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 11, wherein a cover structure mounting frame is integrally provided on the vehicle itself and the detachable cover structure is detachably mounted on the cover structure mounting frame. 14. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 13, wherein the cover structure mounting frame is provided with rail members adapted to guide the detachable cover structure slidably in longitudinal direction of the vehicle. 15. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 14, wherein the detachable cover structure is detachable in the vicinity of ends of the respective rail members. 16. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 14, wherein the rail members mounted on the cover structure mounting frame are slidably provided with compromise rail members along which the detachable cover structure is slidable. 17. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 11, wherein the detachable cover structure is located on a rear half of the vehicle itself. 18. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 1, wherein the openable and closable door way comprises a rotatable cover. 19. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 18, wherein the cover structure covering substantially a whole of the vehicle includes a ceiling adapted to be opened and closed as the rotatable cover. 20. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 19, wherein the cover structure is integrally mounted on the vehicle itself and the rotatable cover is rotatable relatively to the cover structure. 21. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 19 or 20, wherein the rotatable cover is rotatably mounted on a rear half of the vehicle itself. 22. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 19 or 20, wherein the rotatable cover is mounted on the cover structure so that the rotatable cover can slide in longitudinal direction of the vehicle. 23. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 22, wherein the rotatable cover is adapted to be positioning-stopped in the vicinity of the ends of the slide members. 24. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to any one of claims 18 through 20, wherein the rotatable cover is detachable. 25. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 1, wherein the openable and closable door way comprises the rotatable cover integrally mounted on the slide cover structure. 26. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 25, wherein the slide cover structure is provided on the rear half of a stationary cover structure. 27. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 25 or 26, wherein one of the slide cover structure and the stationary cover structure is provided with slide rails and the other is provided with guide rollers adapted to slide along these guide rails. 28. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 27, wherein the slide rails are provided on ends thereof with stoppers. 29. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 25 or 26, wherein the slide cover structure is detachably mounted on the stationary cover structure. 30. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 27, wherein the slide rails are detachably mounted on the guide rollers and the slide cover structure is detachably mounted on the stationary cover structure. 31. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 18, wherein said rotatable cover comprises a plurality of rotatable cover sections. 32. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 31, wherein said rotatable cover comprises an upper rotatable cover section, an intermediate rotatable cover section overlapping said upper rotatable cover section, and a lower rotatable cover section overlapping said intermediate rotatable cover section. 33. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 31, wherein said cover structure has a shaft by which said upper rotatable cover section, intermediate rotatable cover section and lower rotatable cover section are rotatably supported. 34. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 31, wherein said cover structure is provided on its rear part with a receiving space for said rotatable cover. 35. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 31, wherein said plurality of rotatable cover sections are operatively associated one with another by means of interlocking means. 36. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 35, wherein said interlocking means primarily comprise an interlocking projection extending from one end of said upper rotatable cover section as viewed in its opening and closing direction so as to be in contact with said intermediate rotatable cover section, an interlocking projection extending from one end of said intermediate rotatable cover section as viewed in its opening and closing direction so as to be in contact with said upper rotatable cover section, an interlocking projection extending from one end of said intermediate rotatable cover section as viewed in its opening and closing direction so as to be in contact with said said lower rotatable cover section and an interlocking projection extending from one end of said lower rotatable cover section as viewed in its opening and closing direction so as to be contact with said intermediate rotatable cover section. 37. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 31, wherein said interlocking projections are provided with packing members. 38. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 1 or 2, wherein the cover structure is provided along its bottom with a ground contacting skirt. 39. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 38, wherein said ground contacting skirt extends along the entire bottom of the cover structure. 40. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 1 or 2, wherein said ground contacting skirt has at least one split lying at its rear portion as viewed in the vehicle's running direction so that the skirt splits off as the skirt contacts any obstacle or the like. 41. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 40, wherein said ground contacting skirt comprises a set of bottom sections adapted to split off one from another. 42. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 41, wherein another set of bottom sections are provided so as to cover the splits of the previously described set of bottom sections, respectively. 43. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 42, wherein said two sets of bottom sections mutually overlap one another. 44. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 38, wherein said ground contacting skirt is detachably mounted on the bottom of the cover structure. 45. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 41, wherein said sets of bottom sections are detachably mounted one by one on the bottom of the cover structure. 46. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 38, wherein said ground contacting skirt comprises elastically deformable member made of synthetic rubber or synthetic resin. 47. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 1 or 2, wherein the vehicle body is provided with a floor panel. 48. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure and the floor panel according to claim 47, wherein the floor panel is provided with openings for feet setting on the ground. 49. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure and the floor panel according to claim 48, wherein the openings for feet setting on the ground are provided with an openable and closable floor panel section. 50. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure and the floor panel according to claim 49, wherein the openable and closable panel section comprises a slidable floor panel section. 51. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure and the floor panel according to claim 49, wherein the openable and closable floor panel section comprises a hinged floor panel section. 52. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure and the floor panel according to claim 51, wherein the hinged floor panel section having edge adapted to be in contact with the ground as the hinged floor panel section is opened. 53. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure and the floor panel according to claim 47, wherein the floor panel extends below the pedals. 54. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure and the floor panel according to claim 47, wherein an upright splash board is provided on front or rear part of the floor panel in association with the front wheel or each of the rear wheels. 55. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure and the floor panel according to claim 47, wherein the cover structure is provided integrally with the floor panel and extends above the floor panel so as to cover substantially whole of the driver. 56. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 1 or 2, wherein the cover structure is provided with a solar battery. 57. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 1 or 2, wherein the cover structure is provided with a front light. 58. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according claim 1 or 2, wherein the front window of the cover structure is provided with a wiper. 59. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according claim 1 or 2, wherein the cover structure is provided on its rear side with a tail light. 60. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 1 or 2, wherein the vehicle itself has three or more wheels. 61. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 1 or 2, wherein the vehicle itself of the detachable cover structure or the cover structure mounting frame is provided with a battery adapted to be charged as the vehicle runs. 62. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 13, wherein the vehicle itself or the cover structure mounting frame is provided with a stationary stand adapted for rotatably supporting the wheels which are rotated as the pedals are worked. 63. The man-driven vehicle equipped with the cover structure according to claim 1 or 2, wherein the cover structure is provided with openable and closable windows for repairing of the vehicle. 