A modular shade system comprises a support structure supporting modular panels. The support structure defines a first area having a length and a width. The modular panels have upper, exposed surfaces and lower surfaces and are mounted to and supported by the support structure. The modular panels cover at least about 80% of the first area. The modular panels comprise PV panels and supplemental panels, the supplemental panels providing a feature other than shading and optionally providing shading. Protective panels may be mounted opposite the lower surfaces of the PV modules. A protective panel may so be used when the PV module is part of an installation other than a modular shade structure.
Claims 1. A modular shade system comprising: a support structure defining a first area having a length and a width; modular panels, having upper and lower surfaces, mounted to and supported by the support structure, said modular panels covering at least about 80% of the first area, the upper surfaces of the modular panels being exposed surfaces; the modular panels comprising PV panels and supplemental panels; and the supplemental panels providing a feature other than shading and optionally providing shading. 2. The system according to claim 1 wherein the support structure comprises: a series of generally parallel purlins; beams oriented transversely to said purlins, said purlins secured to and supported by the beams; and columns secured to and supporting said beams, whereby said purlins define the first shading area, the length and width measured parallel to and perpendicular to the purlins. 3. The system according to claim 1 wherein the supplemental panels comprise light-transmissive panels and wherein light-transmissive panels cover about 0 to 50% of the first area. 4. The system according to claim 1 wherein the supplemental panels comprise light-transmissive panels and wherein light-transmissive panels cover about 5 to 30% of the first area. 5. The system according to claim 1 wherein the supplemental panels comprise light-transmissive panels and wherein the light-transmissive panels are placed adjacent to one another along a path parallel to the length. 6. The shading system according to claim 1 wherein the PV panels are light-transmissive PV panels. 7. The system according to claim 1 wherein the supplemental panels comprise light-transmissive panels and wherein the PV panels and light-transmissive panels cover at least about 90% of the first area. 8. The system according to claim 1 further comprising protective panels mounted to the shading system subassembly opposite the lower surfaces of the PV modules. 9. The system according to claim 8 wherein the protective panels comprise at least one of wire mesh, sheet metal, perforated sheet metal, plastic, perforated plastic, cement board, perforated cement board, and phosphorescent material. 10. The system according to claim 8 wherein the PV modules and the protective panels are constructed to permit some light to pass therethrough. 11. The system according to claim 8 wherein the protective panels have a convex lower surface. 12. The system according to claim 8 wherein the protective panels are perforated. 13. The system according to claim 8 wherein the PV modules cover at least about 90% of the first area. 14. The system according to claim 1 wherein the supplemental panels comprise phosphorescent panels to provide passive nighttime illumination beneath support structure. 15. The system according to claim 1 wherein the supplemental panels comprise planter panels for planting of plants. 16. The system according to claim 1 wherein the supplemental panels comprise illuminated panels. 17. The system according to claim 1 wherein the supplemental panels comprise water collection containers. 18. The system according to claim 1 wherein the supplemental panels comprise space cooling elements comprising at least one of spray misters for evaporative cooling, fans, pumps, wetted canvas, water storage containers, tubing, and evaporative spouts. 19. The system according to claim 1 further including modular features for multi-functionality and customization. 20. The system according to claim 19 wherein said modular features include elements for space cooling comprising at least one of spray, fans, pumps, wetted canvas, water storage containers, tubing, and evaporative spouts. 21. The system according to claim 19 wherein said modular features include elements for water collection and drainage. 22. The system according to claim 19 wherein said modular features comprise acoustical control panels. 23. The system according to claim 19 wherein said modular features comprise at least one of seating elements, planting elements, playground elements, restroom elements, signage elements, antennae modules, payment machines, and stage elements. 24. The system according to claim 19 wherein said modular features comprise a rail transportation element. 25. The system according to claim 19 wherein said modular features comprise a fuel cell charging system. 26. The system according to claim 19 wherein said modular features comprise a hydrogen production device. 27. The system according to claim 19 wherein said modular features comprise a hydrogen storage device. 28. The system according to claim 19 wherein said modular features comprise inverters for converting dc to ac electricity. 29. The system according to claim 19 wherein said modular features comprise electrical wireways. 30. The system according to claim 19 wherein said modular features comprise elements which facilitate roller skating, ice skating, car shows, horse riding, housing the homeless, farmers markets, soccer matches, tennis matches, concerts, lightshows, fitness, transportation nodes. 31. A photovoltaic assembly comprising: a mounting structure; a PV module, having upper and lower surfaces, supported by the mounting structure; and a protective panel mounted to at least one of the mounting structure and the PV module opposite the lower surface of the PV module. 32. The system according to claim 31 wherein the protective panel comprises at least one of wire mesh, sheet metal, perforated sheet metal, plastic, perforated plastic, cement board, perforated cement board, and phosphorescent material. 33. The system according to claim 31 wherein the PV module and the protective panel are constructed to permit some light to pass therethrough. 34. The system according to claim 31 wherein the protective panel has a convex lower surface. 35. The system according to claim 31 wherein the protective panel is perforated. 