A portable battery-powered ozone generator, or ozonator, contained in a waterproof housing with an air intake and an ozone discharge conduit diffuses ozone directly into a body of water in a pool, pond or tank. The ozone generator and housing can be part of (1) a buoyant floating platform that is also equipped with solar power collector panels to provide a recharging current for the battery; (2) a robotic, self-propelled pool cleaner; or (3) a skimmer filter assembly that can include a solar panel under a solar transmissive cover that is flush mounted in the walk area alongside the pool.
Claims I claim: 1. A portable apparatus for diffusing ozone directly into a volume of water contained in a pool or tank, the apparatus comprising: a. a portable waterproof housing; b. an electrical ozone generator mounted in said housing; c. an air intake conduit passing through a wall of the housing; d. an electrical power source connection to said ozone generator; e. an ozone conduit in fluid communication with the ozone generator and having a discharge outlet in fluid communication with the volume of water, whereby ozone produced in said ozone generator in discharged from the outlet for diffusion into the volume of water. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the discharge outlet further comprises a diffusion tip, whereby said ozone is discharged in the form of micro-bubbles. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the diffusion tip is a microporous material. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said housing is buoyant and floats on the surface of the volume of water during operation. 5. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein the ozone discharge outlet passes through an opening in a wall of the housing below the waterline. 6. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein the power source comprises a rechargeable battery. 7. The apparatus of claim 6, wherein the battery is contained in a water-tight compartment in the housing. 8. The apparatus of claim 6 further comprising a solar power collector mounted on the floating housing above the waterline and electrically connected to said battery, whereby a recharging current is supplied to the battery. 9. The apparatus of claim 8 further comprising a voltage adapting circuit between said solar collector and said battery. 10. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein said housing includes a water barrier air intake. 11. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising an intake air compressor in fluid communication with an air storage vessel mounted in said housing. 12. The apparatus of claim 11 further comprising an elongated flexible air intake tube in fluid communication with the air compressor. 13. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein the air intake conduit includes in a buoyant check valve, whereby said check valve closes when submerged to thereby exclude water from said air intake tube. 14. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said housing is submersible and forms a portion of a self-propelled pool or tank cleaner. 15. The apparatus of claim 14, wherein the power source is an electrical power supply located remote from the volume of water and connected to the ozone generator by a cable containing electrical conductors. 16. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the diffusion tip is displaced below the surface of the volume of water a distance that is sufficient so that substantially all of the ozone in the form of bubble discharged from the generator is absorbed into the water. 17. The apparatus of claim 16 further comprising a submersible self-propelled robotic pool or tank cleaner and a power cable extending from the battery in the floating housing to drive means associated with said cleaner, whereby the floating housing moves in response to the movement of the submerged cleaner. 18. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the output of the power source is from 12 volts to 24 volts DC. 19. The apparatus of claim 18 further comprising a power converter intermediate said battery and said ozone generator, whereby the voltage supplied to said generator is stepped up. 20. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the waterproof housing comprises the access cover of a pool skimmer filter assembly. 21. The apparatus of claim 20, wherein the power source comprises a solar power collector. 22. The apparatus of claim 21 further comprising a protective layer of impact-resistant polymeric material disposed above the solar panel. 23. The apparatus of claim 20, wherein the discharge outlet of the ozone conduit extends into the body of water outside of the skimmer assembly. 24. A swimming pool skimmer filter assembly for mounting in a side well of a swimming pool comprising a body formed with a water intake opening for receiving a removable filter and a cover, said cover comprising: a) a waterproof housing having an upper surface and a lower surface; b) said upper surface fitted with at least one solar power collector panel; c) said lower surface containing an electrical ozone generator and a rechargeable battery in electrical connection with power output leads of said at least one solar panel; d) an air intake conduit extending through the waterproof housing; e) an ozone conduit in fluid communication with the ozone generator and having a discharge outlet for positioning below the surface of water in the pool. 25. The filter assembly of claim 24, further comprising a diffuser mounted on the discharge end of the ozone conduit. 26. The filter assembly of claim 24, wherein the cover further comprises an electrical connector mounted on the upper surface of the cover in electrical connection with the rechargeable battery, whereby a supplemental charging current can be supplied to the battery from a remote power source. 27. A method of providing dissolved ozone in a body of water contained in a swimming pool comprising providing an electrically-powered ozonator in a waterproof housing; placing the ozonator and housing in the body of water in the pool; supplying air and electrical power to the ozonator, thereby generating a pressurized stream of ozone; directing the pressurized stream of ozone into a fluid conduit having an outlet portion in the body of water; and discharging the ozone into the water through the outlet, whereby the ozone is dissolved in the water. 28. The method of claim 27, wherein the ozone is discharge in the form of micro-bubbles. 29. The method of claim 27 which includes the further step of placing the ozonator in a waterproof buoyant housing and placing the housing on the surface of the pool. 30. The method of claim 29, wherein the electrical power is supplied by a rechargeable battery. 31. The method of claim 30, wherein the rechargeable battery is electrically connected to power output leads of a solar energy collector panel. 32. The method of claim 31 which includes the further steps of placing the battery in the buoyant housing and mounting the solar power collector to a portion of the housing above the surface of the water. 33. The method of claim 27 which includes the further step of securing the waterproof housing containing the ozonator to a portion of a submersible robotic pool cleaner. 34. The method of claim 33, wherein the electrical power supplied to the ozonator is provided by a rechargeable battery. 35. The method of claim 34, wherein the battery is onboard the pool cleaner. 36. The method of claim 33, wherein the air is supplied by providing a conduit extending from the ozonator to a source of atmospheric air above the body of water. 37. The method of claim 36 which further includes drawing atmospheric air into a compressor to pressurize the air and supplying the pressurized air to the ozonator. 38. The method of claim 37 which includes the further step of admitting the compressed air into a reservoir tank before supplying the pressurized air to the ozonator. 39. A portable, battery-powered, submersible self-propelled robotic pool cleaner comprising: a) a housing; b) a rechargeable battery electrically connected to an ozonator secured to said housing; c) an air intake conduit in fluid communication with the ozonator; d) an ozone conduit in fluid communication with the ozonator and having a discharge outlet for releasing a pressurized stream of ozone. 40. The pool cleaner of claim 40 which further comprises a waterproof housing for the ozonator and the battery. 41. The pool cleaner of claim 39 which further comprises a source of compressed air in fluid communication with the air intake conduit. 42. The pool cleaner of claim 39 which further includes a solar power collector panel electrically connected to the rechargeable battery. 