A system and method for mounting a solar panel includes a housing and a cover configured to pivotally connect to the housing. The cover disengages the housing when the cover is at a release angle from the housing.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. In a communication system having a repeater with circuitry powered by a solar panel, the repeater being interposed between two endpoints, a solar panel unit comprising: (A) a housing comprising; (A1) a first connector extending from a first side of the housing, the first connector having a C-shaped recess, the C-shaped recess having an opening; (A2) a cavity being defined by the housing, the cavity being configured to receive a chargeable cell; (A3) an orifice configured to receive a wire, the wire being configured to electrically couple the chargeable cell with the repeater, the repeater being located external to the housing; (A4) a mounting protrusion located external to the housing, the mounting protrusion having an aperture; and (A5) a first locking mechanism extending from a second side of the housing; (B) a cover comprising: (B1) a second connector extending from a first side of the cover, the second connector having a bar, the bar being substantially parallel to the first side of the cover, the bar being configured to engage the C-shaped recess of the first connector, the bar having a cross-section defined by a generally circular outer circumference having two opposing flattened portions, the two opposing flattened portions being separated by a distance approximately equal to the opening on the C-shaped recess, the bar further configured to insert transversely into the opening of the C-shaped recess with minimal resistance when the cover is at a release angle from the housing; (B2) a concavity located internal to the cover, the concavity configured to receive the solar panel; (B3) a bracket configured to secure the solar panel to the cover; and (B4) a second locking mechanism extending from a second side of the cover, the second locking mechanism configured to engage the first locking mechanism on the housing; (C) a mount configured to pivotally engage the mounting protrusion of the housing, the mount comprising a slot configured to receive a C-clamp, the C-clamp configured to securely attach the mount to a surface; and (D) a circuit board located within the solar panel unit, the circuit board configured to receive electricity from the solar panel and relay the electricity to the repeater. 2. In a communication system having at least one repeater with circuitry powered by a solar panel, the at least one repeater being interposed between two endpoints, a solar panel unit comprising: (A) a housing; (B) a cover; and (C) a mechanical connector configured to pivotally connect the housing to the cover, the mechanical connector comprising: (C1) a C-shaped recess having an opening; and (C2) a bar configured to engage the C-shaped recess of the connector, the bar having a cross-section defined by a generally circular outer circumference having two opposing flattened portions, the two opposing flattened portions being separated by a distance approximately equal to the opening on the C-shaped recess, the bar further configured to insert transversely into the opening of the C-shaped recess with minimal resistance when the cover is at a release angle from the housing. 3. The system of claim 2, further comprising: a first locking mechanism extending from the housing; and a second locking mechanism extending from the cover, the second locking mechanism configured to engage the first locking mechanism on the housing. 4. A solar panel unit comprising: a cover configured to receive a solar panel a housing; and a mechanical connector configured to pivotally connect the cover to the housing, the mechanical connector further configured to support pivotal movement of the cover with reference to the housing for movement between a closed position and a range of open positions, the mechanical connector further configured to permit the cover to engage and disengage the housing when the cover is pivoted at a release angle with reference to the housing. 5. The system of claim 4, wherein the first connector comprises a C-shaped recess having an opening. 6. The system of claim 5, wherein the second connector comprises a bar configured to engage the C-shaped recess of the connector. 7. The system of claim 6, wherein the bar has a cross-section defined by a generally circular outer circumference having two opposing flattened portions, the two opposing flattened portions being separated by a distance approximately equal to the opening on the C-shaped recess. 8. The system of claim 7, wherein the bar is further configured to insert transversely into the opening of the C-shaped recess with minimal resistance when the cover and the housing are at a release angle. 9. A solar panel unit comprising: a housing; and a cover configured to pivotally connect to the housing, the cover further configured to disengage the housing when the cover is at a release angle from the housing. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein the housing comprises a C-shaped connector having an opening, the opening configured to receive a bar inserted transversely into the opening when the cover is at the release angle with respect to the housing. 11. The system of claim 9, wherein the housing comprises a cavity configured to receive a chargeable cell, the cavity shaped to substantially conform to the shape of the chargeable cell. 12. The system of claim 9, wherein the housing comprises a cavity configured to receive a repeater, the cavity shaped to substantially conform to the shape of the repeater. 13. The system of claim 9, further comprising a mount having a back, the mount further having supports adapted to engage the housing, the supports extending substantially perpendicularly from the back, the mount further having braces extending from one support to the other support, the back configured to securely affix to a non-movable object. 14. The system of claim 13, wherein the housing comprises a mounting protrusion configured to pivotally engage the supports of the mount. 15. The system of claim 14, wherein the mounting protrusion and the supports of the mount comprise friction points, and wherein the friction points are configured to prevent pivotal movement between the mount and the mounting protrusion. 16. The system of claim 9, further comprising a locking mechanism configured to secure the cover to the housing. 17. The system of claim 9, wherein the cover comprises a bar extending from one side of the cover, the bar being substantially parallel to the one side of the cover, the bar being configured to engage an opening in a C-shaped recess, the bar being further configured to transversely insert into the opening of the C-shaped recess. 18. The system of claim 17, wherein the bar has a cross-section defined by a generally circular outer circumference having two opposing flattened portions, the two opposing flattened portions being separated by a distance approximately equal to the opening on the C-shaped recess. 19. The system of claim 9, wherein the cover comprises a concavity configured to receive a solar panel. 20. The system of claim 9, wherein the cover comprises a groove configured to receive a gasket, the gasket adapted to provide a seal between the cover to the housing when the cover and the housing are securely engaged. 21. The system of claim 9, wherein at least one of the cove and the housing is made from a polyvinyl-chloride (PVC) material. 22. The system of claim 9, wherein the PVC material is selected from a group consisting of: Lexan 503R; and Lexan 143. 23. The system of claim 9, further comprising a circuit board configured to receive electricity from the solar panel, the circuit board located internal to the solar panel unit. 24. A method for housing a solar panel comprising: securing a solar panel to a cover, the cover having a bar extending from one side of the cover, the bar being substantially parallel to the one side of the cover; and pivotally securing the cover to a housing, the housing having a C-shaped recess, the C-shaped recess having an opening, the opening configured to receive the bar, the bar being transversely inserted into the opening. 25. The method of claim 24, further comprising: pivotally attaching the housing to a mount. 26. The method of claim 25, further comprising: pivoting the housing on the mount to face a light source. 27. The method of claim 25, further comprising: affixing the mount to a non-movable object. 28. A solar panel unit comprising: means for securing a solar panel to a cover; and means for pivotally securing the cover to a housing. 29. The system of claim 28, further comprising: means for pivotally attaching the housing to a mount. 30. The system of claim 29, further comprising: means for pivoting the housing on the mount to face a light source. 31. The system of claim 29, further comprising: means for affixing the mount to a non-movable object. 