An array of preferably at least three double-sided reflective panels mounted on a rigid frame pivoting at a mounting angle to create a double-sided reflective panel array. A tracking system positioning the rigid frame at a frame angle, with respect to the direct sun light, and with respect to pivoting at the mounting angle, to create a rigid frame position. The double-sided reflective panel array interacting with the direct sunlight based upon the rigid frame position to create the direct sun light attenuation. The sky viewed through the rigid frame mounted, double-sided reflective panel array and through the light tunnel creates the sky view.
Claims 1. An apparatus attenuating direct light from the sun at a location in the sky into a light tunnel in a sky light to create a direct sun light attenuation through said sky light and to create a sky view through said sky light, comprising: an array of at least three double-sided reflective panels mounted on a rigid frame pivoting at a mounting angle to create a double-sided reflective panel array; a tracking system positioning said rigid frame at a frame angle, with respect to said direct sun light, and with respect to pivoting at said mounting angle, to create a rigid frame position; said double-sided reflective panel array interacting with said direct sunlight based upon said rigid frame position to create said direct sun light attenuation; and said sky viewed through said rigid frame mounted, double-sided reflective panel array and through said light tunnel creates said sky view; wherein said double-sided reflective panel array interacting with said direct sunlight is further comprised of at least one member of the collection comprising: said double-sided reflective panel array reflectively directing said direct sunlight into said light tunnel to create at least part of said direct sun light attenuation; said double-sided reflective panel array reflectively directing said direct sunlight away from said light tunnel to create at least part of said direct sun light attenuation; and said double-sided reflective panel array passing said direct sunlight into said light tunnel to create at least part of said direct sun light attenuation; wherein said tracking system positions said rigid frame to create said direct sun light attenuation through said sky light based upon said sun location in said sky. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein each of said double-sided reflective panels is comprised of a first reflective face and a second reflective face reflecting light in a direction essentially opposite light reflected from said first reflective face. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein at least one of said double-sided reflective panels is further comprised of a solar cell providing electrical power to said tracking system. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said rigid frame approximately covers said light tunnel with respect to said mounting angle. 5. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein said rigid frame approximates the shape of said light tunnel projected at said mounting angle. 6. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein said rigid frame is a member of the collection comprising: said rigid frame approximates a polygon projected at said mounting angle whenever said light tunnel shape approximates said polygon; said rigid frame approximates a circle projected at said mounting angle whenever said light tunnel shape approximates said circle; and said rigid frame approximates an oval projected at said mounting angle whenever said light tunnel shape approximates said oval. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising: said rigid frame mounted to a mounting infrastructure at said mounting angle with respect to said light tunnel. 8. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein said mounting infrastructure is rigidly coupled to said light tunnel. 9. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein said mounting infrastructure is a member of the collection comprising: a mounting infrastructure shape increasing sun light access into said light tunnel; and a mounting infrastructure shape decreasing sun light access into said light tunnel. 10. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising: an envelope enclosing said rigid frame and supporting said sky view created through said rigid frame mounted, double-sided reflective panel array and through said light tunnel. 11. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein said envelope includes a dome enclosing said rigid frame and supporting said sky view created through said rigid frame mounted, double-sided reflective panel array and through said light tunnel. 12. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein said envelope is primarily composed of a transparent material; wherein said transparent material is a member of the collection comprising members of a glass-like material collection and members of a transparent plastic collection; wherein said glass-like material collection includes at least all transparent materials based upon fused silicates; and wherein said transparent plastic collection includes at least all transparent material primarily composed polycarbonate. 13. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein said envelope provides at least one member of a collection comprising ultraviolet transmission suppression and infra-red transmission suppression. 14. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein said envelope includes a mounting infrastructure supporting said rigid frame mounted at said mounting angle with respect to said light tunnel. 15. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said tracking system rotates said rigid frame about said mounting angle based upon at least local sidereal time to create said rigid frame position. 16. The apparatus of claim 15, wherein said tracking system includes an attenuation table of at least two entries for at least one member of a time collection comprising said local sidereal time and a yearly date; wherein said tracking system further positions said rigid frame based upon at least one of said attenuation table entries for at least one of said time collection members. 17. The apparatus of claim 16, wherein said tracking system includes at least one member of the collection comprising: means for displaying said attenuation table; means for modifying said attenuation table; means for displaying at least one of said time collection members; and means for modifying at least one of said time collection members. 18. The apparatus of claim 15, wherein said tracking system includes an electric motor operating based upon said local sidereal time to position said rigid frame at said frame angle to create said rigid frame position. 19. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein said tracking system further includes a timer directing said electric motor operating based upon said local sidereal time provided by said timer to create said rigid frame position. 20. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein each of said double-sided reflective panels is mounted at a panel-mounting angle with respect to said rigid frame; wherein said panel-mounting angle, in combination with said mounting angle, improves said double-sided reflective panel array in attenuating said direct sunlight. 21. A method of attenuating direct light from the sun at a location in the sky into a light tunnel in a sky light to create a direct sun light attenuation through said sky light and to create a sky view through said sky light, comprising the steps of: viewing said sky through an array of N double-sided reflective panels mounted on a rigid frame at a mounting angle and through said light tunnel to create said sky view; and said double-sided reflective panel array interacting with said direct sunlight based upon said rigid frame position to create said direct sun light attenuation, further comprising at least one member of the collection comprising the steps of: said double-sided reflective panel array reflectively directing said direct sunlight into said light tunnel to create at least part of said direct sun light attenuation; said double-sided reflective panel array reflectively directing said direct sunlight away from said light tunnel to create at least part of said direct sun light attenuation; and said double-sided reflective panel array passing said direct sunlight into said light tunnel to create at least part of said direct sun light attenuation; wherein said N is at least one. 22. The method of claim 21, further comprising the step of: positioning said rigid frame at a frame angle, with respect to said direct sun light, and with respect to pivoting at said mounting angle, to create a rigid frame position; wherein the step of said double-sided reflective panel array reflectively directing said direct sunlight into said light tunnel is further comprised of the step of: said double-sided reflective panel array reflectively directing said direct sunlight into said light tunnel based upon said rigid frame position to create said direct sun light attenuation; wherein the step of said double-sided reflective panel array reflectively directing said direct sunlight away from said light tunnel is further comprised of the step of: said double-sided reflective panel array reflectively directing said direct sunlight away from said light tunnel based upon said rigid frame position to create said direct sun light attenuation; and wherein the step of said double-sided reflective panel array passing said direct sunlight into said light tunnel is further comprised of the step of: said double-sided reflective panel array passing said direct sunlight into said light tunnel based upon said rigid frame position to create said direct sun light attenuation. 23. The method of claim 22, further comprising the step of: providing power to support positioning said rigid frame at said frame angle. 24. The method of claim 23, wherein the step providing said power is further comprised of the step of: providing at least part of said power from a solar cell mounted upon at least one of said double-sided reflective panels. 25. The method of claim 22, wherein the step positioning said rigid frame at said frame angle is further comprised of the step of: positioning said rigid frame based upon at least one member of a time collection comprising a local sidereal time and a yearly date. 26. The method of claim 25, wherein the step positioning said rigid frame at said frame angle is further comprised of the step of: positioning said rigid frame based upon at least one of entry of an attenuation table for at least one of said time collection members. 27. The method of claim 26, further comprising a member of a collection comprising the steps of: displaying said attenuation table; modifying said attenuation table; displaying at least one of said time collection members; and modifying at least one of said time collection members. 28. The method of claim 25, further comprising the step of: operating an electric motor based upon at least one of said time collection members to position said rigid frame at said frame angle to create said rigid frame position. 29. The method of claim 28, wherein the step operating said electric motor is further comprised of the step of: said electric motor rotating said rigid frame about said mounting angle to create said rigid frame position. 30. The method of claim 21, wherein said N is at least three. 