A remote-control portable utility equipment mounting apparatus system especially for illumination system. It provides the user the ability to control the direction of the utility equipment such as utility light from a distance away. The remote-control portable utility equipment mounting apparatus provides polar rotational movement both horizontally and vertically. The rotational movement is controlled by remote controlling device as the input instructional device by the user. This remote controller can be wireless remote controller or non-wireless remote controller. After the portable utility equipment mounting apparatus receives the signals, it generates electrical functions to drive the designated motors to move the equipment mounting stage subassembly direction to the preferred direction. Power saving, fine-tuning and variable speed control are some of the basic features of this utility equipment mounting stage. Both remote controller and wireless remote controller are equipped with electronic signal connector for receiving inputs from external equipment like computers and programmable controllers. As a result, this apparatus is suitable to be used for mounting of different utility equipment such as antennas, surveillance equipment etc. This apparatus is equipped with magnetic latch for simple and easy vehicle roof mounting. It is weather resistance and good for outdoor application. Furthermore, with the present of the mechanical seal between the stator subassembly and the rotor subassembly, foreign matters cannot enter into the inside chamber of the system and the contaminants generated by the motors and gears cannot get to the outside ambient either. This feature promotes this utility equipment mounting apparatus to be cleanroom compatible.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A remote-control utility equipment mounting apparatus comprising: A stator base subassembly as the stationary support of said device. A rotor subassembly rotates horizontally relative to the stator base. A first electric motor, which is supported within the rotor subassembly, is coupled to power drive transmission mechanism, rotates the rotor subassembly relatively to the stator base without angular limitation. A mechanical linkage is supported within the rotor subassembly and is perpendicular to the stator base, rotates through an axis parallel to the stator base. A second electric motor, which is supported within the rotor subassembly, is coupled to power drive transmission mechanism, rotates the above said mechanical linkage vertically against the above said axis relatively to the stator base. A mounting stage subassembly, which is supported by the said mechanical linkage, provides mounting base mechanism to utility equipment. A PCBA equipped with signal receiver, which can be radio frequency signals receiver and/or infrared (IR) signals receiver, electronic components, firmware to receive the said wireless signals and electronic signals and generate electronic functions to drive the first electrical motor to perform the horizontal rotation and the second electrical motor to perform the vertical rotation of the said mechanical linkage. An electrical conduction system with spring loaded conductor contacts pushing against concentric circular conductor pads. A rechargeable battery in a battery holder, which is supported by the rotor subassembly, provides electrical power to the PCBA when live electrical power is interrupted. A remote controller apparatus is equipped with electronic components, firmware, electronic signal connector and electrical switches to receive user input directly from the switches or from external equipment; and then generates signals and sends the said signals to the main system through a signal cable. A wireless remote controller apparatus is equipped with electronic components, firmware, electronic signal connector and electrical switches to receive user input directly from the switches or from external equipment; and then generate wireless signals, which can be radio frequency signals and/or infrared (IR) signals, and then emit the said signals out. An internal threaded hole and a guide hole are provided in the center area of the bottom of the stator base to accommodate the generic mounting means of generic tripod. An elastic boot cover protects the said main system and seals foreign matters from entering into the inside chambers of the said main system. 2 The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said the said utility equipment mounting apparatus also includes battery powered utility equipment mounting apparatus, solar powered utility equipment mounting apparatus, portable utility equipment mounting apparatus, AC powered utility equipment mounting apparatus and DC powered utility equipment mounting apparatus. 3 The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said the power transmission mechanism of the said first electrical motor is coupled by a torque coupler within the chain of mechanism to tolerate the axial misalignment between the said motor and the rest of the mechanism for the provision of the horizontal rotary motion of an utility equipment mounting apparatus. 4 The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said power transmission mechanism of the said second electrical motor is coupled by a torque coupler within the chain of mechanism to tolerate the axial misalignment between the said motor and the rest of the mechanism for the provision of vertical rotary motion of an utility equipment mounting apparatus. 5 The apparatus of claim 3, wherein said a worm and worm gear system is part of the power transmission mechanism coupled to the said first electrical motor for the provision of the horizontal rotary motion of an utility equipment mounting apparatus. 6 The apparatus of claim 5, wherein said a method of utilizing a worm and worm gear system as part of the power transmission mechanism coupled to the said first electrical motor for the provision of the horizontal rotary motion of a utility equipment mounting apparatus in a remote-controllable utility equipment mounting apparatus: The remote-controllable utility equipment mounting apparatus also includes wirelessly remote-controllable utility equipment mounting apparatus and non-wirelessly remote-controllable utility equipment mounting apparatus. A non-wirelessly remote controller device generates signals and transmits the signals out by conductor cables or fiber-optic cables. A wireless remote controller device generates signals, which also include radio frequency signals, infrared (IR) signals and emits the said signals wirelessly. An utility equipment mounting apparatus main unit detects the said signals, receives the said signals and generates electrical functions to drive at least one electrical motor, which includes AC motor, DC motor, servo motor, stepper motor, rotary voice coil motor and linear voice coil motor. Wirelessly is defined as signals transmitted from the said remote controller to the said utility equipment mounting device without passing through at least one electric conductor or fiber-optic cable directly and/or indirectly. The said utility equipment mounting apparatus also includes battery powered utility equipment mounting apparatus, solar powered utility equipment mounting apparatus, portable utility equipment mounting apparatus, AC powered utility equipment mounting apparatus and DC powered utility equipment mounting apparatus. 7 The apparatus of claim 5, wherein said first electrical motor does not require electrical holding current applied to the said motor in order to prevent mechanical slippage of the said first electrical motor and power transmission mechanism for the provision of the horizontal rotary motion of an utility equipment mounting apparatus. 8 The apparatus of claim 4, wherein said a worm and worm gear system is part of the power transmission mechanism to the said second electrical motor for the provision of vertical rotary motion of an utility equipment mounting apparatus. 9 The apparatus of claim 8, wherein said a method of utilizing a worm and worm gear system as part of the power transmission mechanism coupled to the said second electrical motor for the provision of the vertical rotary motion of an utility equipment mounting apparatus in a remote-controllable utility equipment mounting apparatus: The remote-controllable utility equipment mounting apparatus also includes wirelessly remote-controllable utility equipment mounting apparatus and non-wirelessly remote-controllable utility equipment mounting apparatus. A non-wirelessly remote controller device generates signals and transmits the signals out by conductor cables or fiber-optic cables. A wireless remote controller device generates signals, which also include radio frequency signals, infrared (IR) signals and emits the said signals wirelessly. An utility equipment mounting apparatus detects the said signals, receives the said signals and generates electrical functions to drive at least one electrical motor, which includes AC motor, DC motor, servo motor, stepper motor, rotary voice coil motor and linear voice coil motor. Wirelessly is defined as signals transmitted from the said remote controller to the said utility equipment mounting device without passing through at least one electric conductor or fiber-optic cable directly and/or indirectly. The said utility equipment mounting apparatus also includes battery powered utility equipment mounting apparatus device, solar powered utility equipment mounting apparatus, portable utility equipment mounting apparatus, AC powered utility equipment mounting apparatus and DC powered utility equipment mounting apparatus. 10 The apparatus of claim 8, wherein said second electrical motor does not require electrical holding current applied to the said motor in order to prevent mechanical slippage of the said second electrical motor and power transmission mechanism for the provision of vertical rotary motion of an utility equipment mounting apparatus. 11 The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said the main system is equipped with a mechanical seal between the said stator base and the said rotor subassembly to seal off foreign matters from entering into the inside chambers of an utility equipment mounting apparatus. 12 The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said the said mechanical seal includes air-tight seal, water-tight seal, ferro-fluid seal, lip seal, lip seal with restrainer, O-ring seal, Teflon seal, Viton seal, silicon rubber seal and graphite seal. 13 The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said at least one limit switch is used to set and detect the vertical rotational limit of the said mechanical linkage of vertical rotary motion of an utility equipment mounting apparatus. 14 The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said at least portion of the said elastic boot cover is made of soft material to allow bending and folding of the said cover of an utility equipment mounting apparatus. 15 The apparatus of claim 14, wherein said the said elastic boot cover can comprise of more than on piece part assembled together. 16 The apparatus of claim 14, wherein said at least a portion of the said cover material can be transparent to allow the portion of the utility equipment mounting apparatus covered by the said cover to be visible. 17 The apparatus of claim 14, wherein said the entire said elastic boot cover or at least portion of the said elastic boot cover is made of elastic material such as rubber, polyester, nylon and silicon rubber alike. 18 The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said the said wireless remote controller comprises It receives input from user through at least one electrical switch. It receives input from external equipment through signal connector. It generates radio frequency signals. It emits the signals wirelessly to an utility equipment mounting device with a radio frequency signal receiver to drive a servo motor or a stepper motor, which is coupled to power transmission mechanism to perform horizontal rotational clockwise and counterclockwise movements of a rotary stage relatively to a stationary base. 19 The apparatus of claim 18, wherein said the said wireless remote controller is a variable speed controller. 20 The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said the said wireless remote controller comprises: It receives input from user through at least one electrical switch. It receives input from external equipment through signal connector. It generates infrared (IR) signals. It emits the signals wirelessly to an utility equipment mounting device with an infrared (IR) signal receiver to drive a servo motor or a stepper motor, which is coupled to power transmission mechanism to perform horizontal rotational clockwise and counterclockwise movements of a rotary stage relatively to a stationary base 21 The apparatus of claim 20, wherein said the said wireless remote controller is a variable speed controller. 22 The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said the said wireless remote controller comprises It receives input from user through at least one electrical switch. It receives input from external equipment through signal connector. It generates radio frequency signals. It emits the signals wirelessly to an utility equipment mounting apparatus with a radio frequency signal receiver to drive a servo motor or a stepper motor, which is coupled to power transmission mechanism to perform vertical rotational clockwise and counterclockwise movements of a mechanical linkage supported within the said utility equipment mounting apparatus with a pivoting axis parallel to the stationary base. 23 The apparatus of claim 22, wherein said the said wireless remote controller is a variable speed controller. 24 The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said the said wireless remote controller comprises It receives input from user through at least one electrical switch. It receives input from external equipment through signal connector. It generates infrared (IR) signals. It emits the signals wirelessly to an utility equipment mounting apparatus with a infrared (IR) signal receiver to drive a servo motor or a stepper motor, which is coupled to power transmission mechanism to perform vertical rotational clockwise and counterclockwise movements of a mechanical linkage supported within the said utility equipment mounting apparatus with a pivoting axis parallel to the stationary base. 25 The apparatus of claim 24, wherein said the said wireless remote controller is a variable speed controller. 26 The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said a remote controller comprises: It receives input from user through at least one electrical switch. It receives input from external equipment through signal connector. It generates electrical signals and encoded signals. It sends the said signals to an utility equipment mounting apparatus through a signal cable to drive a servo motor or a stepper motor, which is coupled to power transmission mechanism to perform vertical rotational clockwise and counterclockwise movements of a mechanical linkage supported within the said utility equipment mounting apparatus with a pivoting axis parallel to the stationary base 27 The apparatus of claim 26, wherein said the said remote controller is a variable speed controller. 28 The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said the said remote controller comprises It receives input from user through at least one electrical switch. It receives input from external equipment through signal connector. It generates electrical signals and encoded signals. It sends the said signals to an utility equipment mounting apparatus through a signal cable to drive a servo motor or a stepper motor, which is coupled to power transmission mechanism to perform horizontal rotational clockwise and counterclockwise movements of a rotary stage relatively to a stationary base. 29 The apparatus of claim 28, wherein said the said remote controller is a variable speed controller. 30 The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said an electrical motor driven rotor subassembly of a battery powered horizontal rotary utility equipment mounting stage can rotate clockwise and counterclockwise relatively to its stationary base with no angular limitation. 31 The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said the said utility equipment mounting apparatus: Receives radio frequency signals wirelessly. Generates electrical functions to drive at least one servo motor or a stepper motor to perform horizontal rotational motion and/or vertical rotational motion. 32 The apparatus of claim 31, wherein said the said utility equipment mounting apparatus also include battery powered utility equipment mounting apparatus, solar powered utility equipment mounting apparatus, portable utility equipment mounting apparatus, AC powered utility equipment mounting apparatus and DC powered utility equipment mounting apparatus. 33 The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said the said utility equipment mounting apparatus: Receives infrared (IR) signals wirelessly. Generates electrical functions to drive at least one servo motor or a stepper motor to perform horizontal rotational motion and/or vertical rotational motion. 34 The apparatus of claim 33, wherein said the said utility equipment mounting apparatus also include battery powered utility equipment mounting apparatus, solar powered utility equipment mounting apparatus, portable utility equipment mounting apparatus, AC powered utility equipment mounting apparatus and DC powered utility equipment mounting apparatus. 35 The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said the bottom surface of the said utility equipment mounting apparatus provides at least one threaded mounting hole to adapt the threaded fastener provide by generic tripod. 36 The apparatus of claim 35, wherein said the said threaded mounting hole is of {fraction (1/4)}-20 UNC internal thread. 37 The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said the bottom surface of the said utility equipment mounting apparatus provides at least one hole to adapt the guide pin provide by generic tripod for mounting orientation. 38 The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said the bottom surface of the said stator base subassembly of the said utility equipment mounting apparatus is equipped with at least one magnetic latch which is defined as a mechanism of exerting magnetic force to a magnetic permeable surface. 39 The apparatus of claim 38, wherein said the said magnetic latch includes at least one magnet for exerting magnetic force to a magnetic permeable material surface as the holding force of the said utility equipment mounting apparatus to the said magnetic permeable surface. 40 The apparatus of claim 39, wherein said a method of holding down a remote-controllable utility equipment mounting apparatus by at least one magnetic latch: The said remote-controllable utility equipment mounting apparatus includes wirelessly remote-controllable utility equipment mounting apparatus and non-wirelessly remote-controllable utility equipment mounting apparatus. A non-wirelessly remote controller device generates signals and transmits the signals out by conductor cables or fiber-optic cables. A wireless remote controller device generates signals, which also include radio frequency signals, infrared (IR) signals and emits the said signals wirelessly. An utility equipment mounting apparatus detects the said signals, receives the said signals and generates electrical functions to drive at least one electrical motor, which includes AC motor, DC motor, servo motor, stepper motor, rotary voice coil motor and linear voice coil motor. Wirelessly is defined as signals transmitted from the said wirelessly remote controller to the said utility equipment mounting apparatus without passing through at least one electrical conductor or fiber-optic cable directly and/or indirectly. The said utility equipment mounting apparatus also includes battery powered utility equipment mounting apparatus device, solar powered utility equipment mounting apparatus, portable utility equipment mounting apparatus, AC powered utility equipment mounting apparatus and DC powered utility equipment mounting apparatus 41 The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said the said electrical conduction system with spring loaded conductor contacts pushing against concentric circular conductor pads has at least one spring loaded conductor contact mounted onto the rotor subassembly. 42 The apparatus of claim 41, wherein said the said electrical conduction system with a spring loaded conductor contact pushing against a concentric circular conductor pad has at least one concentric circular conductor pad mounted onto the stator base subassembly 43 The apparatus of claim 42, wherein said the geometric center of the said concentric circular conductor pad lies on the same axis of rotation of the rotor subassembly relatively to the stator base subassembly. 44 The apparatus of claim 43, wherein said the said concentric circular conductor pad surface lies on a plane perpendicular to the axis of rotation of the rotor subassembly relatively to the stator base subassembly. 45 The apparatus of claim 44, wherein said the said distance between the spring loaded conductor contact and the said axis of rotation is equal to the radius of the concentric circular conductor pad. 46 The apparatus of claim 45, wherein said the said spring loaded conductor contact is in contact electrically with the said concentric circular conductor pad. 47 The apparatus of claim 46, wherein said the said spring loaded conductor contact is exerting a spring force against the said concentric circular conductor pad in order to keep the said conductor contact in contact with the said concentric circular conductor pad all the time. 48 The apparatus of claim 47, wherein said a method of electrical conduction between the stator base subassembly and the rotor subassembly of a remote-controllable utility equipment mounting apparatus by using an electrical conduction system with spring loaded conductor contacts pushing against a concentric circular conductor pads: The said remote-controllable utility equipment mounting apparatus includes wirelessly remote-controllable utility equipment mounting apparatus and non-wirelessly remote-controllable utility equipment mounting apparatus. A non-wirelessly remote controller device generates signals and transmits the signals out by conductor cables or fiber-optic cables. A wireless remote controller device generates signals, which also include radio frequency signals, infrared (IR) signals and emits the said signals wirelessly. An utility equipment mounting apparatus detects the said signals, receives the said signals and generates electrical functions to drive at least one electrical motor, which includes AC motor, DC motor, servo motor, stepper motor, rotary voice coil motor and linear voice coil motor. Wirelessly is defined as signals transmitted from the said wirelessly remote controller to the said utility equipment mounting apparatus without passing through at least one electric conductor or fiber-optic cable directly and/or indirectly. The said utility equipment mounting apparatus also includes battery powered utility equipment mounting apparatus device, solar powered utility equipment mounting apparatus, portable utility equipment mounting apparatus, AC powered utility equipment mounting apparatus and DC powered utility equipment mounting apparatus. 49 The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said conductor leads, which are electrically connected from the PCBA are provided at the said mounting stage subassembly. 50 The apparatus of claim 49, wherein said the said conductor leads can be used as power supply source, grounding source and signal controlling source for the utility equipment to be mounted on. 51 The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said the said utility equipment mounting apparatus is for mounting use of utility illumination system. 52 The apparatus of claim 51, wherein said the said utility illumination system includes driving lamp, utility lamp, fog lamp, spotting lamp, halogen lamp, flood lamp, search lamp, high intensity lamp and high intensity discharge lamp. 53 The apparatus of claim 51, wherein said the method of a remote-control utility illumination system: The remote controller includes wirelessly remote controller and non-wirelessly remote-controller. A non-wirelessly remote controller device generates signals and transmits the signals out by conductor cables or fiber-optic cables. A wirelessly remote controller device generates signals, which also include radio frequency signals, infrared (IR) signals and emits the said signals wirelessly. A main system, with pan and tilt functions, supports the illumination system, detects the said signals, receives the said signals and generates electrical functions to drive at least one electrical motor, which includes AC motor, DC motor, servo motor, stepper motor, rotary voice coil motor and linear voice coil motor. Wirelessly is defined as signals transmitted from the said wirelessly remote controller to the said main system without passing through at least one electrical conductor or fiber-optic cable directly and/or indirectly. 54 The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said the said utility equipment mounting apparatus is for mounting use of surveillance equipment. 55 The apparatus of claim 54, wherein said the said surveillance equipment also includes audio surveillance equipment, video surveillance equipment, picture capturing surveillance equipment and thermal sensing surveillance equipment. 56 The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said the said utility equipment mounting apparatus is for mounting use of scanning equipment for radar frequency signals. 57 The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said the said utility equipment mounting apparatus is for mounting use of infrared thermal scanning equipment 58 The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said the said utility equipment mounting apparatus is for mounting use of infrared sighting equipment 59 The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said the said utility equipment mounting apparatus is for mounting use of antenna. 60 The apparatus of claim 59, wherein said the said antenna is a dish antenna. 61 The apparatus of claim 59, wherein said the said antenna is a satellite antenna. 62 The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said the said utility equipment mounting apparatus is for mounting use of rifle. 63 The apparatus of claim 62, wherein said the said rifle includes single action rifle, semiautomatic rifle and automatic rifle. 64 The apparatus of claim 63, wherein said the said rifle is equipped with a video camera and/or camera with a video signal connected to a monitor with an adjustable cross hair target function. 65 The apparatus of claim 64, wherein said the said adjustable cross hair target function includes cross hair signal, round target signal and signals that represent the target to be struck by the rifle. 66 The apparatus of claim 64, wherein said the said rifle is sighted in with the cross hair on the monitor within the range of the rifle. Sighted in means the cross hair (target) on the monitor is aligned to the striking target of the rifle at a predetermined distance. As the video picture is shown on the monitor, the portion of the picture overlapped by the cross hair (target) represents the position the rifle will strike with its ammunition when firing. 67 The apparatus of claim 64, wherein said a method of a remote-control rifle with video camera and/or camera system: The remote controller includes wirelessly remote controller and non-wirelessly remote-controller. A non-wirelessly remote controller device generates signals and transmits the signals out by conductor cables or fiber-optic cables. A wirelessly remote controller device generates signals, which also include radio frequency signals, infrared (IR) signals and emits the said signals wirelessly. A main system, with pan and tilt function, supports the said rifle with video camera and/or camera system, detects the said signals, receives the said signals and generates electrical functions to drive at least one electrical motor, which includes AC motor, DC motor, servo motor, stepper motor, rotary voice coil motor and linear voice coil motor. Wirelessly is defined as signals transmitted from the said wirelessly remote controller to the said main system without passing through at least one electrical conductor or fiber-optic cable directly and/or indirectly. 68 The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said the said utility equipment mounting apparatus is for mounting use of telescope. 69 The apparatus of claim 68, wherein said the said telescope is an electronic telescope. 70 The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said the electrical connections of the control cable into the said stator base subassembly are watertight sealed. 71 The apparatus of claim 70, wherein said the said watertight seal is by encapsulation with encapsulation resin. 72 The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said the PCBA charges up the rechargeable battery as life electricity supply is supplied to the said utility equipment mounting apparatus. 73 The apparatus of claim 72, wherein said the life electricity supply includes AC electricity power supply and DC electricity power supply. 74 A method of controlling a utility equipment mounting apparatus remotely by a remote controller: The said remote controller includes wirelessly remote controller and non-wirelessly remote-controller. A non-wirelessly remote controller device generates signals and transmits the signals out by conductor cables or fiber-optic cables. A wirelessly remote controller device generates signals, which also include radio frequency signals, infrared (IR) signals and emits the said signals wirelessly. An utility equipment mounting apparatus detects the said signals, receives the said signals and generates electrical functions to drive at least one electrical motor, which includes AC motor, DC motor, servo motor, stepper motor, rotary voice coil motor and linear voice coil motor. Wirelessly is defined as signals transmitted from the said wirelessly remote controller to the said utility equipment mounting apparatus without passing through at least one electrical conductor or fiber-optic cable directly and/or indirectly. The said utility equipment mounting apparatus also includes battery powered utility equipment mounting apparatus device, solar powered utility equipment mounting apparatus, portable utility equipment mounting apparatus, AC powered utility equipment mounting apparatus and DC powered utility equipment mounting apparatus. 