This invention improves the performance and lowers the cost of DC to AC inverters and the systems where these inverters are used. The performance enhancements are most valuable in renewable and distributed energy applications where high power conversion efficiencies are critical. The invention allows a variety of DC sources to provide power thru the inverter to the utility grid or directly to loads without a transformer and at very high power conversion efficiencies. The enabling technology is a novel boost converter stage that regulates the voltage for a following DC to AC converter stage and uses a single semiconductor switching device. The AC inverter output configuration is either single-phase or three-phase.
Claims 1. An inverter for utility interactive applications for converting DC power from solar photovoltaic modules into AC power and comprising: a DC to DC boost converter that generates a bipolar voltage with respect to ground and uses a single semiconductor switch; a DC to AC converter which converts the output from said DC to DC converter into current regulated sine waves, synchronized with the utility voltage, to source power into the utility grid. 2. A system for generating AC power from DC sources comprising: a DC source; a DC to DC converter for regulating said source, wherein said DC to DC converter generates a bipolar voltage with respect to ground and uses a single semiconductor switch and a DC to AC converter which converts the output from said DC to DC converter into regulated current or voltage sine waves. 3. An inverter according to claim 1 wherein the switching devices are insulated gate bipolar transistors. 4. An inverter according to claim 1 wherein the switching devices are field effect transistors. 5. An inverter according to claim 1 wherein the switching devices are a combination of insulated gate bipolar transistors and field effect transistors. 6. An inverter according to claim 1 wherein the DC to AC converter section is configured for split-phase operation using two half-bridge circuits. 7. An inverter according to claim 1 wherein the DC to AC converter section is configured for single-phase operation using one half-bridge circuit and wherein the capacitive energy storage element at the output of the DC to DC converter and the input of the DC to AC converter is configured with two series capacitors where the common point is connected, directly or indirectly, to the AC system neutral conductor. 8. An inverter according to claim 1 wherein the DC to AC converter section is configured for three-phase operation using three half-bridge circuits and wherein the capacitive energy storage element at the output of the DC to DC converter and the input of the DC to AC converter is configured with two series capacitors where the common point is connected, directly or indirectly, to the AC system neutral conductor. 9. A system according to claim 2 wherein the DC source has a grounded center tap. 10. A system according to claim 2 wherein the DC source is not grounded. 11. An inverter according to claim 1 wherein the intended DC source is a fuel cell, battery, genset, wind turbine or micro-turbine. 12. An system according to claim 2 wherein the DC source is a fuel cell, battery, genset, wind turbine or micro-turbine. 13. A system according to claim 2 wherein the input to the DC to DC converter has a grounded center tap. 14. A system according to claim 2 wherein the input to the DC to DC converter is not grounded. 15. An inverter according to claim 1 wherein the AC output is designed to support loads directly. 16. A system according to claim 2 wherein the inverter output supports loads directly. 