The invention concerns a current-voltage converter comprising electronic means (3,R) to supply a voltage (V.sub.out)from a current (I.sub.ph). The converter comprises first means (4, K) to apply or not apply the current at converter input, second means (ECH1) to sample and memorize a voltage (V.sub.out1) at converter output when the current is applied at converter input, third means (ECH2) to sample and memorize a voltage (V.sub.out2, V.sub.out3) at converter output when the current is not applied at converter input, and fourth means (S) for subtracting the voltage sampled and memorized by the third means (ECH2) from the voltage sampled and memorized by the second means (ECH1). The invention applies more especially to the measurement of weak currents in severe nuclear environments.
Claims 1. Current-voltage converter comprising electronic means (3, R) to supply a voltage (V.sub.out) from a current (I.sub.ph) , characterized in that it comprises: first means (4, K) to apply or not apply the current at converter input, second means (ECH1) to sample and memorize a voltage (V.sub.out1) at converter output when the current (I.sub.ph) is applied at converter input, third means (ECH2) to sample and memorize a voltage (V.sub.out2, V.sub.out3) at converter output when the current (I.sub.ph) is not applied at converter input, and fourth means (S) for subtracting the voltage sampled and memorized by the third means (ECH2) from the voltage sampled and memorized by the second means (ECH1). 2. Current-voltage converter according to claim 1, characterized in that the first means (4, K) are constituted by a relay (4) contact (K), in that the second means are constituted by a first sample-and-hold circuit (ECH1) having an input and an output, in that the third means are constituted by a second sample-and-hold circuit (ECH2) having an input and an output, the input of the first sample-and-hold circuit being connected to the input of the second sample-and-hold circuit, and in that the fourth means are constituted of a subtracter (S) having a first input connected to the output of the first sample-and-hold circuit (ECH1) and a second input connected to the output of the second sample-and-hold circuit (ECH2). 3. Converter according to claim 2, characterized in that it comprises a sequencer (5) which synchronizes the command of the contact (K) with the command of the sample-and-hold circuits (ECH1, ECH2). 4. Converter according to any one of the preceding claims, characterized in that the electronic means (3, R) to supply a voltage from a current are constituted by an operational amplifier (3) having an inverter input and an output and by a resistor (R) installed between the inverter input and the output of the operational amplifier (3). 5. Converter according to any one of claims 2 to 4, characterized in that the subtracter (S) comprises an operational amplifier. 6. Converter according to any one of the preceding claims, characterized in that the converter input is free when the current is not applied at converter input. 7. Converter according to any one of claims 1 to 5, characterized in that the converter input is connected to a load resistor (r.sub.c) when the current is not applied at converter input. 8. Converter according to claim 7, characterized in that the load resistor (r.sub.c) has a value more or less equal to the internal impedance (r) of a current generator (2) which supplies the current to be converted. 9. X or .gamma. radiation sensor comprising at least one semiconductor junction capable of generating hole-electron pairs under the effect of a detected radiation, connected in photovoltaic mode and maintained at a more or less constant temperature, characterized in that it comprises a current-voltage converter according to any one of the preceding claims. 10. X or .gamma. radiation sensor according to claim 9, characterized in that the more or less constant temperature is higher than the ambient temperature. 