The invention relates to a device for monitoring a surge arrester connected to a power network, comprising a registering unit (1) and means (63, 66) for attachment of the registering unit to the surge arrester. The registering unit comprises a grounding line (16), which is adapted to conduct a current flowing through the surge arrester to ground, means (4) for registration of a current passing through the gounding line (16) from the surge arrester, a member (9) for registration of current pulses passing through the surge arrester, and a storage member (5) for storing data concerning the current passing through the grounding line (16) from the surge arrester and data concerning registered current pulses. The registering unit (1) further comprises a field probe (17) connected to ground, a sensor (18) for registration of the current flowing between the field probe (17) and ground, and a time meter (3), the storage member (5) being adapted to store the data concerning the current passing through the grounding line (16) from the surge arrester and the data concerning the current flowing between the field probe 817) and ground associated to a time information determined by means of the time meter (3). The invention also relates to a system comprising one or several such registering units.
Claims 1. A device for monitoring a surge arrester connected to a power network, comprising a registering unit (1) and means (63, 66) for attachment of the registering unit to the surge arrester, the registering unit comprising a grounding line (16), which is connected or intended to be connected to ground and which is intended to be conductingly connected with the surge arrester when the registering unit is attached, to the surge arrester so that a current flowing through the surge arrester will pass through this grounding line (16), means (4) for registration of a current passing through the grounding line (16) from the surge arrester, a member (19) for registration, based on the registrations of the current passing through the grounding line (16) from the surge arrester, of current pulses passing through the surge arrester, and a storage member (5) for storing data concerning the current passing through the grounding line (16) from the surge arrester and data concerning registered current pulses, characterized in that the registering unit (1) further comprises, a field probe (17) connected to ground, which field probe is adapted to generate a current by the influence from the electric field from the power network to which the surge arrester is connected, a sensor (18) for registration of the current flowing between the field probe (17) and ground, the storage member (5) being adapted to store data concerning the current flowing between the field probe (17) and ground, and a time meter (3), the storage member (5) being adapted to store the data concerning the current passing through the grounding line (16) from the surge arrester and the data concerning the current flowing between the field probe (17) and ground associated to a time information determined by means of the time meter (3). 2. A device according to claim 1, characterized in that the field probe (17) is connected to ground via said grounding line (16). 3. A device according to claim 1 or 2, characterized in that the field probe (17) is connected to an energy storage medium (20), a change-over switch (21) being adapted to conduct the current from the field probe (17) to ground via said sensor (18) during periods for current measuring, and to conduct the current from the field probe to the energy storage medium (20) during periods for energy storing. 4. A device according to claim 3, characterized in that the energy storage medium comprises a supercapacitor (20). 5. A device according to claim. 3 or 4, characterized in that the registering unit is provided with at least one solar cell (67) connected to the energy storage medium (20). 6. A device according to any of the preceding claims, characterized in that the means (4) for registration of the current passing through the grounding line (16) from the surge arrester comprises an inductive first sensor (74) for registration of the leakage current flowing through the surge arrester and an inductive second sensor (75) for registration of current pulses, each of which comprises a coil arranged around the grounding line (16). 7. A device according to any of the preceding claims, characterized in that the registering unit (1) is adapted to count the number of current pulses exceeding a predetermined current level. 8. A device according to claim 6, characterized in that the registering unit (1) is adapted to count the different number of current pulses exceeding different predetermined current levels. 9. A device according to any of the preceding claims, characterized in that the storage member (5) is adapted to store the data concerning registered current pulses associated to a time information determined by means of the time meter (3). 10. A device according to any of the preceding claims, characterized in that the registering unit (1) comprises a temperature sensor (30) for registration of the ambient temperature, the storage member (5) being adapted to store data concerning temperature information determined by means of the temperature sensor so that the stored data concerning the current passing through the grounding line (16) from the surge arrester and the data concerning the current flowing between the field probe (17) and ground can be related to the temperature that prevailed at the measuring occasion. 11. A device according to any of the preceding claims, characterized in that components included in the registering unit (1) are arranged in a casing (62), through which the grounding line (16) extends, the casing (62) being arranged to be attached to the surge arrester via the grounding line (16), that the grounding line (16) is designed to be stiff at least in respect of the part (66) of the grounding line (16) that is intended to extend between the casing (62) and the surge arrester, and that the casing (62) is fixed to the grounding line (16) in such a way that it is essentially immobile in relation to said stiff part (66) so that the casing (62), when it is attached to the surge arrester, is carried by the surge arrester via said grounding line (16) in a position that is essentially fixed in relation to the surge arrester. 12. A device according to claim 11, characterized in that the grounding line, at the end thereof that is intended to face the surge arrester, is provided with a through hole (63) for receiving a mounting bolt, by means of which the grounding line, and thereby the casing, is attachable to a flange of electrically conductive material in the surge arrester. 13. A device according to claim 11 or 12, characterized in that the spaces inside the casing (62), between the components arranged in the casing and the inner walls of the casing, are filled up with cast compound (76), preferably of a material impermeable to water. 14. A device according to any of the preceding claims, characterized in that the registering unit (1) comprises a communication member.(7) for wireless transmission of data stored in the storage member (5). 15. A device according to claim 14, characterized in that the communication member (7) comprises a radio transceiver. 16. A device according to claim 14 or 15, characterized in that the communication member (7) is adapted for transmission of data as well as receipt, of control instructions. 17. A device according to any of claims 14-16, characterized in that the communication member (7) is adapted to transmit data with predetermined time intervals. 18. A device according to any of claims 14-16, characterized in that the communication member (7) is adapted to transmit data in connection with the registration of a current pulse by the registering unit. 19. A device according to any of claims 14-16, characterized in that the registering unit (1) comprises an activation detector (6), which is adapted pick up external enabling signals, and that the registering unit (1) comprises a control member (3) connected to the communication member (7) and to the activation detector (6), which control member is adapted to initiate the data transmission from the communication member (7) based on the enabling signals picked up by the activation detector. 20. A device according to claim 19, characterized in that the registering unit (1) comprises a member (8) for permanent storage of an identification code unique for the individual registering unit, the control member (3) being adapted to initiate the data transmission from the communication member (7) only when a controlled signal picked up by the activation detector (6) comprises said identification code. 21. A system for monitoring one or several surge arresters connected to a power network, characterized in that the system comprises a registering unit (1) according to any of claims 1-20 arranged at each surge arrester, the system further comprising a reading unit (2), which comprises means (12) for receiving data stored in the storage member (5) of the registering unit and a storage member (15) for storing received data. 22. A system for monitoring one or several surge arresters connected to a power network, characterized in that the system comprises a registering unit (1) according to claim 19 or 20 arranged at each surge arrester, the system further comprising a reading unit (2), which comprises an activation member (11) for transmitting an enabling signal, by means of which a registering unit (1) is activatable for transmission of data stored in the storage member (5) of the registering unit, a communication member (12) for wireless receipt of data from a registering unit (1) activated by means of the enabling signal, and a storage member (15) for storing received data. 23. A system according to claim 21, characterized in that the communication member (12) of the reading unit comprises a radio transceiver. 24. A system according to claim 21 or 22, characterized in that the communication member (12) of the reading unit is adapted for transmission of control instructions to as well as receipt of data from a registering unit (1) activated by means of the enabling signal. 25. A system according to any of claims 21-23, characterized in that the reading unit (2) comprises means for bringing the enabling signal to comprise a selectable identification code corresponding to an identification code stored in the registering unit (1) that the reading unit is intended to activate at the moment. 26. A system according to any of claims 21-24, characterized in that the reading unit (2) comprises means (10) for processing received data concerning the current passing through the grounding line (16) from the surge arrester to values representing the total leakage current through the surge arrester. 27. A system according to any of claims 21-25, characterized in that the reading unit (2) comprises means for determining, based on received data concerning the current passing through the grounding line (16) from the surge arrester and data concerning the current flowing between the field probe (17) and ground, a value of the resistive leakage current through the surge arrester. 28. A system according to claim 25 or 26, characterized in that the reading unit comprises a presentation member (51) for displaying said values. 29. A system according to any of claims 21-28, characterized in that the system comprises a data processing unit (31), to which data stored in the storage member (15) of the reading unit is transferable, the data processing unit (31) being adapted to store and evaluate said data. 30. A system according to claim 29, characterized in that the data processing unit (31) is adapted, based on received data concerning the current passing through the grounding line (16) from the surge arrester, to determine and indicate whether or not the casing (71) of the surge arrester needs to be cleaned. 31. A system according to claim 29 or 30, characterized in that the data processing unit (31) comprises means for determining, based on received data concerning the current passing through the grounding line (16) from the surge arrester and data concerning the current flowing between the field probe (17) and ground, a value of the resistive leakage current through the surge arrester. 32. A system according to any of claims 29-30 in combination with claim 26 or according to claim 31, characterized in that the data processing unit (31) is adapted, based on determined values of the resistive leakage current through the surge arrester, to determine the functionality of the surge arrester and to indicated whether or not said surge arrester is defect. 33. A system according to claim 26, 31 or 32, characterized in that the means (10) for determining a value of the resistive leakage current through a surge arrester is adapted to calculate, based on received data concerning the current passing through the grounding line (16) from the surge arrester and data concerning the current flowing between the field probe (17) and ground, the third harmonic of the resistive leakage current through the surge arrester, the value of the resistive leakage current through the surge arrester being obtained as a function of said third harmonic. 