A synchronisation system for synchronisation of multiple markers (12,13,14) in a geographical location or waterway (16). Synchronisation is achieved by periodically re-synchronising each marker (12,13,14) to a common reference signal. A wireless communications system is used to distribute the reference signal to isolated markers. The markers (12,13,14) are also remotely monitored to indicate the status of multiple markers which is communicated to a central control centre. The status can indicate the number of spare light bulbs left. the status of the spare bulbs, the correct or incorrect flashing of the light, unauthorised entry to or tampering with the marker or lighthouse. the condition of the battery and/or the correct function of a solar panel or other remote power source. The status of multiple markers is then communicated to a central control centre or to another location.
Claims 1. A system of navigational aids comprising a plurality of navigation lights, each light being connected to a flashing circuit such that the light flashes with a predetermined frequency, the system further including synchronisation means to synchronise the flashing circuit with a synchronisation signal. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the synchronisation means comprises a telemetry system. 3. A telemetry system for communicating with a plurality of navigation lights, each navigation light being connected to a flashing circuit having timing means to provide a time base, and the flashing circuit being arranged to use the time base to flash the light at predetermined intervals, and each flashing circuit being responsive to the telemetry system to synchronise the respective flashing to a synchronising signal transmitted by the telemetry system, such that the flashing of the plurality of lights can be synchronised to one another by the telemetry system. 4. The system as claimed in claim 2 or 3, wherein the telemetry system synchronises a plurality of navigation lights to flash at the same time. 5. The system as claimed in any one of claims 2 to 4, wherein the telemetry system synchronises a plurality of navigation lights to flash in a predetermined sequence. 6. The system as claimed in any one of claims 2 to 5, wherein the telemetry system is arranged to transmit a broadcast reference signal to multiple navigation lights in a waterway to synchronise a reference clock within each navigation light. 7. The system as claimed in claim 6, wherein the reference signal is periodically re-sent to ensure that the internal reference clock of each navigation light is within acceptable limits. 8. The system as claimed in any one of claims 1 to 7, wherein a reference clock of a GPS system provides a synchronisation signal to synchronise a reference clock of each navigation light. 9. The system as claimed in any one of claims 1 to 8, wherein an internal time reference clock of multiple navigation lights are set one by one against a centrally maintained reference signal. 10. The system as claimed in claim 1 or 2, wherein an internal reference clock of each navigation light is synchronised from a continuous reference broadcast signal transmitted via a point to point communication, the continuous reference broadcast being sampled by each navigation light and the respective internal reference clock set. 11. The system as claimed in any one of claims 1 to 5, wherein synchronisation is achieved by transmitting a synchronised signal from one navigation light to another navigation light, 12. The system as claimed in any one of claims 1 to 5, wherein synchronisation is achieved by one navigation light detecting a flash of a light source of another navigation light and to synchronise a reference clock from the detected flash. 13. The system as claimed in any one of claims 1 to 12, wherein the telemetry system includes a monitoring function, capable of collecting information from each of the navigation lights. 14. The system as claimed in claim 13, wherein each navigation light monitors a status of its internal functions and communicates a status of the respective navigation light, including the collected information, to a remote site. 15. The system as claimed in claim 14, wherein communication of the status is via a wireless communication system. 16. The system as claimed in claim 14, wherein communication of the status is via a wired communication system. 17. The system as claimed in claim 14, 15 or 16, wherein the status is communicated to the central monitoring and control centre which monitors lights located at a plurality of widely separated locations. 18. The system as claimed in claim 13, 14, 15, 16 or 17, wherein the information collected from each navigation light includes an indication of the number of spare light blubs left at each navigation light. 19. The system as claimed in claim 13, 14, 15, 16, 17 or 18, wherein the information collected from each navigation light includes information regarding the expected remaining bulb life. 20. The system as claimed in any one of claims 13 to 19, wherein each navigation light includes a light detector arranged to detect flashings of the navigation light and the information collected from each navigation light includes an indication of correct or incorrect flashing. 21. The system as claimed in any one of claims 13 to 20, wherein each navigation light includes a tamper indicator to detect unauthorised entry to the navigation light, and the information collected includes an indication of occurrence or absence of tampering. 22. The system as claimed in any one of claims 13 to 21, wherein the navigation light includes battery monitoring means for monitoring the condition of the battery and the information collected includes an indication of battery condition. 23. The system as claimed in any one of claims 13 to 22, wherein the navigation light includes a power supply monitoring means to monitor correct function of power sources supplying the navigation light and the information collected includes an indication of power source function. 24. The system as claimed in claim 23 wherein the power source is a solar panel. 