A solar cell plate for generating electric current, is designed advantageously in that it is comprised of a number of individual plates that can be moved in relation to one another to produce a convenient packing size.
Claims 1. A solar cell plate for generating electric current, characterized in that it is comprised of a number of individual solar cell plates (20) that can be moved in relation to one another to produce a small packing size. 2. The solar cell plate according to claim 1, characterized in that a number of solar cell plates (20) form a stack (16) and are disposed so that they can spread out in relation to one another, wherein the front side of each solar cell plate (20) has a light-converting layer with a common electrical contact point, and wherein the back side, comprised of a mechanically stable substrate, is spaced apart from the neighboring solar cell plate (20) by an air gap. 3. The solar cell plate according to claim 1 or 2, characterized in that the stack (16) comprised of oblong solar cell plates (20) has a pivot axis (23) at one end, and the individual solar cell plates that are in particular connected to one another in chain fashion can pivot in relation to one another around this pivot axis. 4. The solar cell plate according to one of the preceding claims, characterized in that the individual solar cell plates (20) of the stack (16) are connected to one another electrically, in particular by means of slip rings (36). 5. The solar cell plate according to one of the preceding claims, characterized in that the solar cell plates (20) rest on a podium-like housing (12), which essentially has the contour of a single solar cell plate (20). 6. The solar cell plate according to one of the preceding claims, characterized in that the podium-like housing (12), which is hollow on the inside, is used as a battery-charging station and on its back side, has a plug opening (30) that is equipped with electrical contact pins and accommodates a battery plug terminal, in particular for battery-operated hand-held power tools. 7. The solar cell plate according to one of the preceding claims, characterized in that the housing (12) has a handle (28), in particular embodied in the form of a spade handle. 8. The solar cell plate according to one of the preceding claims, characterized in that the housing (12) has a charge/discharge control, which is associated with the electrical contacts of the plug opening for battery packs. 9. The solar cell plate according to one of the preceding claims, characterized in that the housing (12) has a charge control indicator (26) for monitoring battery packs positioned in the plug opening (30). 10. The solar cell plate according to one of the preceding claims, characterized in that the top solar cell plate (20) is active when the plate stack (16) is folded together and delivers a charging current that is proportional to the surface area. 11. The solar cell plate according to one of the preceding claims, characterized in that when the stack (16) of solar cell plates (20) is spread out, a current is generated whose intensity is proportional to the total surface area of the solar cell plates. 