A folding knife light tool with an ergonometric handle in which an illuminating means whether an LED or light bulb or a laser light is incorporated into the handle housing in the spaces existing between the blade, the locking mechanism, and the handle. A knife handle is provided having a body contoured for the hand. The housing is made from one molded piece with a slit in the middle. The handle includes a pivot point for supporting a blade between the longitudinal sides or scales of the blades. A conventional locking or non-locking system is utilized for keeping the blade open once it is unfolded. When the blade is folded, a portion of the blade extends above the sides of the knife handle for digital engagement in the opening operation.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A folding knife light, comprising: a tool; a housing encasing said tool while said tool is in an inoperative position and providing a handle while said tool is in a deployed position; an illuminating component mounted on said housing to illuminate said tool while said tool is in said deployed position; a mode switch component; and a blade switch component cooperating with said mode switch component, said housing component, and said illuminating component to operate said illuminating component. 2. The folding knife light of claim 1, with said housing component comprises said handle accommodating a mode switch component, at least one blade-switch component and at least one illuminating component. 3. The folding knife light of claim 2, with said housing component comprising at least one storage volume. 4. The folding knife light of claim 2, with said housing component comprises at least one scale and at least one axle providing a pivot of rotation enabling rotation of said tool about said pivot as said tool moves between said inoperative position and said deployed position. 5. The folding knife light of claim 2, with said housing component comprising at least one port for accommodating removable storage of any of a variety of tool items selected from among a group comprised of forks, spoons, razors, picks, scissors, flints, and a threaded fastener driver. 6. The folding knife light of claim 1, comprised of at least one extra tool removable stored within said housing. 7. The folding knife light of claim 1, wherein said illuminating component comprises at least one light emitting diode, at least one lens, and at least one reflector. 8. The folding knife light of claim 1, wherein said illuminating component comprises at least one light bulb. 9. The folding knife light of claim 1, wherein said illuminating component comprises a pair of light bulbs, one on each side of a blade when said blade is unfolded from said housing component. 10. The folding knife light of claim 1, wherein said blade switch component comprises a first electrical switch contained in said handle and activated by movement of said tool between said inoperative position and said deployed position. 11. The folding knife light of claim 10, with said mode switch comprised of three modes: an off mode wherein no electrical power is supplied to the first electrical switch wherein said illuminating component remains unlit; an on mode wherein said illuminating component operates independently of said position; and an on-by-blade mode wherein electrical power is supplied to said first electrical switch and said illuminating component operates when said blade is in an open position. 12. The folding knife light of claim 10, with said mode switch comprising a single pole, double throw, center off switch. 13. The folding knife light of claim 10, comprised of said first electrical switch being switched on by a heel of said tool when said tool moves to said deployed position and when said mode switch is in an on-by-blade position. 14. The folding knife light of claim 10, comprised of said first electrical switch disposed to accommodate manual operation by a thumb of a user when said tool is in said inoperative position. 15. The folding knife light of claim 10, comprised of said first electrical switch mounted on said housing with an operational disposition that is switched to an off position by a heel of said tool when said tool is in said inoperative position. 16. The folding knife light of claim 1, with said housing comprising an electrical battery and electrical conductors that electrically connect said battery to said illuminating component via said mode switch and said first electrical switch. 17. The folding knife light of claim 1, wherein said mode switch component and said blade switch component comprise a switch assembly borne by one end of the housing component and switched to an off position when said tool is in said inoperative position, said switch assembly being switched on when said tool is in said deployed position, said switch assembly being switched on by manipulation of a user when said tool is in said deployed position, and said switch assembly being switched to an off position with no power supplied to said illuminating component when said tool is moved to said inoperative position. 18. The folding knife light of claim 10, with said first electrical switch comprising a conductive plate fixed to said tool, and stud contacts affixed to said handle cooperating with said conductive plate to complete an electrical connection from said illuminating component to said mode switch when said blade is in said deployed position. 19. The momentary on switch and mode switch of claim 10, comprised of said momentary on switch and said mode switch incorporated into one switch assembly at a rear end of said housing, wherein said momentary on switch is switched off by said tool moving to said inoperative position, and comprised of another mechanism cooperating with said switch assembly to momentarily switch on said momentary apply electrical power to said illuminating component independent of the position of said tool. 20. The folding knife light of claim 19, comprising a non-conductive washer under said conductive plate preventing electrical contact between said illuminating component and said mode switch when said blade is in a closed position. 21. A folding knife light of claim 1, wherein said mode switch and said blade switch components further comprise a momentary switch comprising a dimming function and a color switching function for dimming said illuminating component and for switching to another color of illumination. 22. A folding knife light comprising: a housing enclosing said knife light tool; a knife light illuminating means for illuminating a blade area; a laser light package emitting laser light pulses; a toggle on switch for momentarily turning on said knife light tool illuminating means; a sonic alarm cooperating with said toggle on switch; a mode switch for selecting a mode of operation of said knife light tool; a power supply package for powering said knife light tool; a switchblade mechanism for rapidly deploying a blade on said folding knife light tool; a pushbutton switchblade switch for initiating said deploying a blade; an RF package cooperating with a MILEs type training system; and an elongated ergonometric handle with a hammer head at a blade end for battle field use. 23. A folding knife light, comprising: a housing enclosing said knife light tool; a knife light illuminating means for illuminating a blade area; a momentary on switch for momentarily turning on said knife light tool illuminating means; a mode switch for selecting a mode of operation of said knife light tool; a power supply package for powering said knife light tool; a switchblade mechanism for rapidly deploying a blade on said folding knife light tool; a pushbutton switchblade switch for initiating said deploying a blade; an RF package cooperating with a MILEs type training system; and an elongated ergonometric handle with a hammer head at a blade end for battle field use. 24. A folding knife light, comprising: a housing enclosing said knife light tool; a knife light illuminating means for illuminating a blade area; a toggle on switch for momentarily turning on said knife light tool illuminating means; a mode switch for selecting a mode of operation of said knife light tool; a power supply package for powering said knife light tool; a switchblade mechanism for rapidly deploying a blade on said folding knife light tool; a pushbutton switchblade switch for initiating said deploying a blade; and an elongated ergonometric handle with a hammer head at a blade end for battle field use. 25. The folding knife light of claim 2l, comprising a laser light package, a sonic alarm, and an RF package cooperating with a MILES training system. 26. The folding knife light of claim 21, wherein said switch blade mechanism is a push button mechanism. 27. A folding knife light comprising: a housing; a quick-release blade mechanism; an on-by blade illuminating component wherein said blade tip area is illuminated when said folding knife light tool is opened; an on feature wherein said illuminating means is turned on under all conditions; an on feature wherein said illuminating means is toggled on momentarily; and an off feature wherein said illuminating means is off under all conditions; wherein said quick release blade mechanism comprises a blade suitable for surgery allowing single handed operation of said folding knife light tool under extreme conditions. 28. A folding knife light wherein a power source comprises one of a removable cell, a solar chargeable cell, a solar powered cell, and a rechargeable power. 29. A process of manufacturing a folding tool, comprising: installing a tool to rotate about an axle within a housing encasing said tool while said tool is in an inoperative position and providing a handle while said tool is in a deployed position; mounting an illuminating component on said housing to illuminate said tool while said tool is in said deployed position; installing a mode switch component; and electrically connecting a blade switch component to operationally cooperate with said mode switch component, said housing component, and said illuminating component to operate said illuminating component. 