The invention concerns a handheld power generator for generating electrical power for a consumer device, the generator comprising a main casing housing an input gear for driving an alternator via at least one intermediate gear so as to provide a step-up drive ratio in the range of 10:50; the input gear, the or each intermediate gear, and the rotor of the alternator all having their rotational axes perpendicular to the base of the main casing so that the gears and rotor rotate parallel to the plane of the base; a rectifier circuit for rectifying the alternator output; means for mounting a storage device for storing the output of the alternator, a control circuit for modifying the rectifier output to a voltage/current appropriate for the consumer device, and wherein the input gear is connected to a drive member rotatable by manual action to rotate the input gear in turn, the axis of the drive member being parallel to the respective axes of the input gear, the or each intermediate gear and the rotor with all the axes lying in a single straight line.
Claims 1. A handheld power generator for generating electrical power for a consumer device, the generator comprising a main casing housing an input gear for driving an alternator via at least one intermediate gear so as to provide a step-up drive ratio in the range of 10:50; the input gear, the or each intermediate gear, and the rotor of the alternator all having their rotational axes perpendicular to the base of the main casing so that the gears and rotor rotate parallel to the plane of the base; a rectifier circuit for rectifying the alternator output; means for mounting a storage device for storing the output of the alternator; a control circuit for modifying the rectifier output to a voltage/current appropriate for the consumer device, and wherein the input gear is connected to a drive member rotatable by manual action to rotate the input gear in turn, the axis of the drive member being parallel to the respective axes of the input gear, the or each intermediate gear and the rotor with all the axes lying in a single straight line. 2. A generator according to claim 1 wherein one end of the drive member is pivotally connected to one end of a crank arm which is movable into an operative position from a stored position in which it lies parallel to the base of the casing which with its free end held in a recess in the other end of the casing, the longitudinal axis of the crank arm in its stored position lying orthogonally across the axes of rotation of the gears and the alternator. 3. A generator according to claim 2, wherein the crank arm is adapted to pivot through approximately 180.degree. from its stored position into its operative position, and the length of the crank arm is variable so that its length is greater in the operative position than in the stored position. 4. A generator according to claim 3, wherein the crank arm has at its free end a handle extending transversely from crank arm, and wherein the main casing is provided with a recess in which the handle fits only when the crank arm is in its shortest state. 5. A generator according to any preceding claim wherein said drive member is a bobbin coupled via a unidirectional clutch to the input gear and having mounted thereon a pull-cord by means of which the bobbin can be rotated to impart drive to the input gear so as to drive the alternator to generate current. 6. A generator according to claim 13, including a spring biasing the bobbin to the condition in which the draw-cord is stored around the bobbin. 7. A generator according to any one of the preceding claims wherein the generator comprises an alternator rotor housing an array of magnets and rotatable with respect to a stator, the stator being formed from a plurality of laminations. 8. A generator according to claim 7 wherein the stator teeth are skewed with respect to the rotation axis of the alternator so as to reduce cogging effects. 9. A generator according to claim 8, wherein the stator laminations each have a plurality of identical stator arms which are aligned with each other, the arms of each stator lamination carrying a tooth portion transverse to the arm, the tooth portion of each stator lamination being different from to the tooth portions of the other stator laminations so that the teeth of the stator formed by the tooth portions are skewed but the stator arms are not. 10. A generator according to any of claims 7, 8 or 9, wherein the alternator rotor is axially located only by the magnetic field associated with the magnetic circuit formed by the stator and the alternator magnets. 11. A generator according to any preceding claim and including a mounting for at least one rechargeable battery. 12. A generator according to claim 10, wherein the alternator is adapted to charge the battery through the rectifier. 13. A generator according to claim 11 or claim 12, including a socket whereby the generator can be connected to another outlet so that either the battery or a device can be charged via the generator. 14. A generator according to any one of claims 11 to 13 and including at least one solar panel for charging the battery. 15. A generator according to any one of claims 1 to 10 and having a main body housing the drive member and the alternator, the main body having an output socket for attachment to a detachable unit containing circuitry for adapting the output of the power generator to a particular model of cell phone. 16. A generator according to claim 15 in combination with a detachable unit in the form of a pod containing circuitry for adapting the output of the power generator to a particular model of cell phone. 17. A generator according to claim 16, wherein the pod can be clipped into a monitoring recess in the main body. 18. A generator according to claim 15, 16 or 17 and including means for mounting a battery which can be charged by the generator so that when charged the battery can provide power via the detachable unit to a cell phone. 19. A generator according to any one of claims 15 to 18 wherein the main body houses a light source and a circuit adapted to control the light source to show to a user that meaningful output is being generated by the alternator. 20. A generator according to claim 18 or claim 19 wherein the detachable unit has a socket adapted to co-operate with the output of a cell phone charger so that a battery mounted in the main body can be charged via a cell phone charger. 21. A generator according to claim 20, wherein the detachable unit includes a light source for indicating that charging from an outside source is being carried out. 22. A generator according to any one of claims 1 to 14 including means for mounting a bulb so that the generator/bulb combination can act as a flashlight and wherein the generator further comprises a battery mounting in which a battery or batteries can be mounted so that when mounted the battery/batteries can power a mounted bulb, and a switch means whereby the battery or the alternator can either power the bulb or the alternator charge the battery. 23. A generator according to claim 22 comprising switch means for switching power to the bulb mounting so that a mounted bulb can operate in either a bright, high power consumption mode or a less bright, lower power mode. 24. A flashlight according to claim 22 or claim 23 including a socket for receiving external power to charge said battery/batteries. 25. A generator according to any one of claims 22 to 24 including means for indicating to a user that the alternator is generating sufficient power. 26. A generator according to any one of claims 22 to 25 and including a regulator circuit for regulating power supplied to a mounted bulb. 27. A generator according to any one of claims 22 to 26 wherein the flashlight has an outer casing of plastics material bolted around a substantially planar support carrying a circuit board for controlling the output of the alternator. 