A mounting bracket mounts a photovoltaic module to a support structure.
Claims What is claimed: 1. A mounting bracket comprising: a bottom flange; an upright portion extending from the bottom flange and having an inner surface and an outer surface; a top flange opposite the bottom flange, extending from the upright portion and having a downward facing inner surface configured to adjoin an upper surface of a photovoltaic module; a first extension extending from the inner surface of the upright portion at a position between the top flange and the bottom flange and having a first surface that defines a first groove sized to accommodate an edge of the photovoltaic module with the downward facing inner surface of the top flange and a second surface opposed to the first surface; and a second extension adjacent to the first extension and extending from the inner surface of the upright portion at a position between the first extension and the bottom flange and having a surface that defines a second groove with the second surface of the first extension. 2. The mounting bracket of claim 1, further comprising a glazing strip having a first portion that is directed toward the first groove and a second portion that resides within the second groove. 3. The mounting bracket of claim 2, wherein the first portion and the second portion of the glazing strip are substantially perpendicular to each other. 4. The mounting bracket of claim 2, wherein the first portion extends in a direction that is substantially perpendicular to the downward facing inner surface of the top flange. 5. The mounting bracket of claim 1, wherein the bottom flange includes a member sized to accommodate a hardware connector. 6. The mounting bracket of claim 1, wherein the second groove is sized to accommodate a hardware connector. 7. The mounting bracket of claim 1, further comprising a cushion strip disposed on the inner surface of the upright portion in the first groove. 8. The mounting bracket of claim 1, further comprising an outward facing top extension projecting from and being perpendicular to the outer surface of the upright portion of the bracket. 9. The mounting bracket of claim 8, further comprising an outward facing bottom extension, wherein the outward facing top extension and the outward facing bottom extension define an opening sized to accommodate a support structure. 10. The mounting bracket of claim 8, wherein top extension includes a terminal portion that is directed toward the bottom flange. 11. The mounting bracket of claim 10, wherein the bracket further comprises an outward facing bottom extension, wherein the outward facing top extension and the outward facing bottom extension define an opening sized to accommodate a support structure. 12. The mounting bracket of claim 11, wherein the bottom extension includes a terminal portion that is directed toward the top flange. 13. The mounting bracket of claim 9, wherein the support structure is an elongated rail. 14. A method of mounting a photovoltaic module comprising: inserting an edge of a photovoltaic module having an upper surface into a mounting bracket comprising a top flange having a downward facing inner surface configured to adjoin a portion of the upper surface of the photovoltaic module; and adhering the downward facing surface of the top flange to the portion of the upper surface of the photovoltaic module. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein the mounting bracket further comprises: a first extension extending from the inner surface of the upright portion at a position between the top flange and a bottom flange of the mounting bracket and having a first surface that defines a first groove sized to accommodate an edge of the photovoltaic module with the downward facing inner surface of the top flange and a second surface opposed to the first surface; and a second extension adjacent to the first extension and extending from the inner surface of the upright portion at a position between the first extension and the bottom flange and having a surface that defines a second groove with the second surface of the first extension. 16. The method of claim 15, further comprising inserting a glazing strip in the second groove, the glazing strip having a first portion that is directed toward the first groove and a second portion that resides within the second groove. 17. The method of claim 15, wherein the photovoltaic module is positioned within the first groove such that the lower surface of the photovoltaic module contacts the first portion of the glazing strip. 18. The method of claim 15, wherein adhering the downward facing surface of the top flange to the upper surface of the photovoltaic module includes applying an adhesive to the downward facing surface of the top flange. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein the adhesive comprises silicone. 20. The method of claim 19, further comprising curing the adhesive. 21. The method of claim 15, wherein adhering the downward facing surface of the top flange to the upper surface of the photovoltaic module includes applying an adhesive to the upward facing surface of the photovoltaic module. 22. The method of claim 21, wherein the adhesive comprises silicone. 23. The method of claim 21, further comprising curing the adhesive. 24. The method of claim 11, further comprising attaching the mounting fixture to a support structure. 25. A framed photovoltaic module comprising: a photovoltaic module having an upper surface and a lower surface, wherein the module has a first edge and a second edge, and wherein the first and second edges are substantially parallel to each other; a mounting bracket positioned along the first edge, the mounting bracket comprising: a bottom flange; an upright portion extending from the bottom flange and having an inner surface and an outer surface; a top flange opposite the bottom flange, extending from the upright portion and having a downward facing inner surface configured to adjoin an upper surface of a photovoltaic module; a first extension extending from the inner surface of the upright portion at a position between the top flange and the bottom flange and having a first surface that defines a first groove sized to accommodate the first edge edge of the photovoltaic module with the downward facing inner surface of the top flange and a second surface opposed to the first surface; and a second extension adjacent to the first extension and extending from the inner surface of the upright portion at a position between the first extension and the bottom flange and having a surface that defines a second groove with the second surface of the first extension; and an adhesive disposed between the downward facing surface of the top flange and the upper surface of the photovoltaic module. 26. The framed photovoltaic module of claim 25, wherein the photovoltaic module is positioned within the first groove such that the lower surface of the photovoltaic module contacts a first portion of a glazing strip. 27. The framed photovoltaic module of claim 26, wherein the glazing strip includes a first portion that is directed toward the first groove and a second portion that resides within the second groove. 28. The framed photovoltaic module of claim 25, further comprising a second mounting bracket positioned along the second edge comprising: a bottom flange; an upright portion extending from the bottom flange and having an inner surface and an outer surface; a top flange opposite the bottom flange, extending from the upright portion and having a downward facing inner surface configured to contact an upper surface of a photovoltaic module; a first extension extending from the inner surface of the upright portion at a position between the top flange and the bottom flange and having a first surface that defines a first groove sized to accommodate an edge of the photovoltaic module with the downward facing inner surface of the top flange and a second surface opposed to the first surface; and a second extension adjacent to the first extension and extending from the inner surface of the upright portion at a position between the first extension and the bottom flange and having a surface that defines a second groove with the second surface of the first extension; and an adhesive disposed between the downward facing surface of the top flange and the upper surface of the photovoltaic module. 29. The framed photovoltaic module of claim 28, further comprising a first end plate attached to a first end of the first mounting bracket and to a first end of the second mounting bracket. 30. The framed photovoltaic module of claim 29, further comprising a second end plate attached to a second end of the first mounting bracket and to a second end of the second mounting bracket. 