The invention relates to a device for recording and/or monitoring medical data, particularly data pertaining to the cardiovascular condition and to the blood properties of an individual having, for example, cardiovascular disorders or diabetes. Said device comprises at least one measuring sensor (3, 3', 23), in particular, an car sensor for detecting the cardiovascular condition of the individual (1) and comprises a logic controller for determining irregularities in the data recorded by the measuring sensor. The device also comprises a transmitting-receiving device (5) for voice and/or data in order to dial up at least one third party (9) and to transmit data thereto. Finally, the device comprises a locating system module by means of which the location of the individual is transmitted to the third party.
Claims 1. Configuration for acquiring and/or monitoring medical data, in particular of the cardiovascular status, blood properties, etc., characterized by at least one measuring sensor (3,3', 23) for acquiring the medical data, such as cardiovascular status, etc. of a person (1), comprising at least one light source, which can emit light at least at two frequencies, as well as at least one light receiver for determining the light transmitted through a tissue portion of the person, if appropriate, a logic control for detecting possible irregularities of the data acquired through the measuring sensor, and a transmitting and receiving device (5, 25, 35, 45) for voice and/or data, in order to address, if necessary, at least one third party (9, 13, 19) and to transmit data to it. 2. Configuration, in particular as claimed in claim 1, characterized in that further a position finding system module is provided, by means of which the location of the person is conveyed to the third party. 3. Configuration, in particular as claimed in claim 1 or 2, characterized in that one or several measuring sensors are provided for acquiring as many relevant medical data as possible, such as heart rate, respiratory frequency, oxygen saturation of the blood, blood pressure, cardiac output, EKG data, blood sugar level and/or body temperature. 4. Configuration, in particular as claimed in one of claims 1 or 3, characterized in that as the transmitting and receiving unit (5) serves a telecommunication apparatus such as a mobile telephone, which comprises as an additional module or as an integrated structural element an automatically triggerable addressing member, which can be triggered in response to a signal of the logic control. 5. Configuration, in particular as claimed in one of claims 1 to 4, characterized in that on the transmitting and receiving unit (5) a communication and control electronics system is disposed or integrated, which is connected with the addressing member such that one or several preprogrammed telephone numbers and/or Internet addresses are addressed, and that from the transmitting unit, in addition to measured data, also position coordinates such as GPS (Global Positioning System) coordinates are conveyed to the third party. 6. Configuration, in particular as claimed in one of claims 1 to 5, characterized in that for conveying the data from the measuring sensor (3,3', 23) or the logic control to the transmission unit (5) data communication in the radio wave range, such as for example so-called "Bluetooth" technology components or components with another transmitting frequency and/or protocol, are employed. 7. Configuration as claimed in one of claims 1 to 6, characterized in that at the third party a device (11, 12, 15) is provided, on which the data acquired by the measuring sensor can be displayed or visualized as well as the location of the person to be monitored. 8. Configuration as claimed in one of claims 1 to 7, characterized in that the transmitting and receiving device as the device at the third party are such that simultaneously data and voice communication in both directions is possible in order to make possible voice communication between the person and the receiver, even during data transmissions. 9. Configuration as claimed in one of claims 1 to 8, characterized in that at the transmitting and receiving device a memory module is provided, in which data are stored which relate to the person to be monitored, which data comprise, for example, selected from the following list: at least partially the medical history with, if appropriate, X-ray images and/or X-ray films and/or lists of medication of the person name and address of the person information regarding the treating physician or regarding the treating medically trained persons family members to be notified information regarding the insurance protection. 10. Configuration as claimed in claim 9, characterized in that the memory module is a so-called SIM card (Subscriber Identity Module), which card is disposed in the transmitting and receiving device, in order to associate it with the person. 11. Configuration, in particular as claimed in one of claims 1 to 10, characterized in that the measuring sensor comprises an arrangement (23) to be placed on an ear, which comprises one part each which can be placed at least on one place of the ear lobe and/or the external ear, wherein one part comprises a member (29) for light emission, and the other part a light sensor or a light receiver (27), for determining the light transmitted through the lobe or the external ear, and wherein one transmitter (36) is provided for the wireless transmission of the values determined by the sensor (27), or evaluation data derived therefrom, to the transmitting and receiving device (25). 12. Configuration as claimed in claim 11, characterized in that the arrangement comprises an electronic (36) or a signal processing and signal analysis device for the analysis or evaluation of the values determined by the sensor (27). 13. Configuration as claimed in one of claims 11 or 12, characterized in that the arrangement comprises a battery (35) possibly with solar cells for the power supply. 14. Configuration as claimed in one of claims 11 to 13, characterized in that an electronic for analysis or evaluation of the determined values is provided, further comprising the logic control for the determination of irregularities of the data acquired by the measuring sensor (27). 15. Configuration as claimed in one of claims 1 to 14, characterized in that the measuring sensor is disposed such that it is integrated in a hearing aid. 16. Configuration as claimed in one of claims 1 to 14, characterized in that the measuring sensor is disposed integrated in ear jewelry or drop earrings or a so-called mobile telephone hands-free device (wireless hands-free device). 17. Method for acquiring and/or monitoring medical data, in particular of the cardiovascular status and/or the blood sugar level of a person by means of a configuration, in particular as claimed in one of claims 1 to 16, characterized in that by means of at least one measuring sensor (3) on the person (1) the medical, in particular the cardiovascular status, is monitored, if appropriate, by means of a logic control irregularities of the acquired data are determined, at least in the event of irregularities, by means of a transmitting and receiving device for voice and/or data (5), if necessary, a third party is addressed and data are transmitted, as well, by means of a position finding or navigation system, such as GPS (Global Positioning System), the position of the person is conveyed to the third party. 18. Method as claimed in particular in claim 17, characterized in that the transmission of the data from the measuring sensor to the transmitting and receiving device takes place by means of radio waves, such as for example in the so-called "Bluetooth" frequency range or with another frequency or with another protocol. 19. Method as claimed in particular in one of claims 17 or 18, characterized in that as the transmitting and receiving device (5) a GSM apparatus (Global System for Mobile communication), a GPRS apparatus (General Packet Radio Service), a UMTS apparatus (Universal Mobile Telecommunication System), etc. is employed, which, due to a signal by the logic control automatically addresses at least one third party and conveys data. 20. Method as claimed in particular in one of claims 17 to 19, characterized in that the simultaneous data and voice communication between transmitting and receiving device (5) and the third party is possible in both directions, in order for the third party to be able to establish contact with the person, or, if appropriate, can read data from the measuring sensor on the person or can affect the measuring sensor or other devices at the location of the patient. 21. Method as claimed in particular in one of claims 17 to 20, characterized in that the third party can call up at least partially the medical history of the person to be monitored from a memory module at the transmitting and receiving device (5) and, if necessary, by means of a password, as well as, if necessary, further information such as data regarding insurance protection, treating physician, family members to be notified, etc. 22. Method as claimed in one of claims 17 to 21, characterized in that the acquisition of the health status or the medical data takes place by means of pulsoxymetry, i.e. noninvasively optically by measuring the O.sub.2 saturation, preferably on the ear lobe or on the external ear, in that light is emitted from a member for light emission (29) in at least two different wavelengths through the ear lobe or the external ear, this light is acquired by a photodetector (27) by measuring the light transmitted through the irradiated tissue in the ear lobe, the values measured by the photodetector (27) are transmitted to a sensor and, if appropriate to an evaluation electronic (36), which is also disposed in the proximity of the ear, and is transmitted from the transmitter (16) wirelessly in the radio frequency range to the transmitting and receiving device. 23. Use of the configuration as claimed in one of claims 1 to 16 for monitoring a person with cardiovascular disorders. 24. Use of the configuration as claimed in one of claims 1 to 16 for acquiring data relating to sports medicine, if appropriate by the person practicing the sport himself. 25. Use of the configuration as claimed in one of claims 1 to 16 for monitoring the health of persons with a risk constellation for cardiovascular diseases. 26. Use of the configuration as claimed in one of claims 1 to 16, for monitoring the blood sugar level in diabetics, if appropriate by the diabetic patient himself. 27. Use of the configuration as claimed in one of claims 1 to 16, for monitoring infants or babies. 28. Use of the configuration as claimed in one of claims 1 to 16 for the medical monitoring of patients in a dentist's office, in particular during dental operations of persons with medical disorders. 