A wearable audio interface includes a support for positioning the plurality of speakers juxtaposed to and spaced from the ears of a wearer. The audio device can include wireless networking electronics so as to allow the device to interact with other wireless network devices.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A wearable wireless audio interface, comprising: a support configured to support at least one lens in a field of view of a wearer; interface electronics carried by the support and configured to output a first signal; and a transmitter configured to transmit a second readable signal not more than about 100 yards, the second signal corresponding to the first signal. 2. A wearable wireless audio interface as in claim 1, wherein the support comprises a first and a second ear stem for positioning along the wearer's temples above the wearer's first and second ears. 3. A wearable wireless audio interface as in claim 1, wherein the support comprises a pair of eyeglasses. 4. A wearable wireless audio interface as in claim 1, wherein the transmitter is configured to transmit the second readable signal not more than about 30 feet. 5. A wearable wireless audio interface as in claim 4, further comprising at least one microphone carried by the support. 6. A wearable wireless audio interface as in claim 1, further comprising a receiver configured to receive a signal in the Industrial Scientific Medical frequency band. 7. A wearable wireless audio interface as in claim 1, further comprising a first speaker and a second speaker in communication with the interface electronics, and carried by the support such that they are positioned adjacent, but spaced apart from first and second ears of the wearer when the support is carried by the wearer, wherein the lateral distance between the center of the first speaker and the tragus of the first ear in the as worn orientation is within the range of from about 2 mm and about 3 cm. 8. A wearable wireless audio interface as in claim 7 wherein the distance is at least about 4 mm. 9. A wearable wireless audio interface as in claim 7 wherein the distance is within the range of from about 4 mm and about 2 cm. 10. A wearable wireless audio interface as in claim 1 additionally comprising a first user-removable battery powering the interface electronics. 11. A wearable wireless audio interface as in claim 10 additionally comprising a second battery powering the interface electronics. 12. A wearable wireless audio interface as in claim 10 additionally comprising means for recharging the first battery without removing the battery from the support. 13. A wearable wireless audio interface as in claim 1 additionally comprising a photovoltaic power device powering the interface electronics. 14. A method of receiving a telephone call, comprising the steps of: wearing a wireless audio interface carried by an eyeglass frame, the eyeglass frame comprising at least a first speaker, a microphone, and a short range transceiver for communicating with a cellular telephone which is electronically paired with the transceiver; perceiving an incoming call on the cellular telephone; and activating the wireless interface to communicate with the cellular telephone. 15. A method of receiving a telephone call as in claim 14, wherein the activating step comprises activating a control carried by the eyeglass frame. 16. A method of receiving a telephone call as in claim 14, wherein the perceiving step comprises perceiving an audible signal. 17. A method of receiving a telephone call as in claim 14, wherein the perceiving step comprises perceiving a tactile signal. 18. An audio interface system, comprising: a wireless audio interface; and source electronics, electronically paired with the wireless audio interface; wherein the interface comprises a first speaker and a second speaker carried by the interface such that in an as worn orientation on a wearer the first speaker is positioned adjacent but spaced apart from a first ear of the wearer and the second speaker is positioned adjacent but spaced apart from a second ear of the wearer, and wherein the wireless audio interface and the source electronics are configured to communicate wirelessly over a distance of no more than about 100 yards. 19. An audio interface system as in claim 18, wherein the source electronics comprises a source of music. 20. An audio interface system as in claim 19, wherein the source electronics comprises an MP3 player. 21. An audio interface system as in claim 18, wherein the source electronics comprises a cellular telephone. 22. An audio interface system as in claim 18, wherein the source electronics comprises a wireless communication device. 23. An audio interface system as in claim 18, wherein the interface electronics are capable of receiving a useful signal from the source electronics throughout a working range of no greater than about 70 yards. 24. An audio interface system as in claim 18, wherein the interface electronics are capable of receiving a useful signal from the source electronics throughout a working range of no greater than about 30 feet. 25. An audio interface system as in claim 18, further comprising a control carried by the audio interface, for controlling the source electronics. 26. An audio interface system as in claim 25, wherein the control comprises an on-off control. 27. An audio interface system as in claim 25, wherein the control comprises a send control. 28. An audio interface system as in claim 25, wherein the control comprises a receive control. 29. An audio interface system as in claim 18, wherein the interface comprises a first support for carrying the first speaker and a second support for carrying the second speaker. 30. An audio interface system as in claim 29, wherein the first support is configured to extend along a first side of a wearer's head, and the second support is configured to extend along a second side of the wearer's head, to support the interface by the wearer's head. 31. An audio interface system as in claim 30, wherein the first speaker is offset laterally from the first support and the second speaker is offset laterally from the second support. 32. An audio interface system as in claim 30, wherein the interface system comprises an eyeglass frame. 33. An audio interface system as in claim 32, further comprising a battery in at least one of the first and second supports. 34. An audio interface system as in claim 32, further comprising a BLUETOOTH chip carried by the eyeglass frame. 35. A method of manipulating a signal in a wireless personal network, comprising the steps of: providing source electronics within an effective range of the wireless personal network; providing an interface having at least one speaker, the interface configured to position the speaker adjacent the ear of a wearer; activating a control on the interface; and sending a signal from the source electronics to the speaker in response to the activating step. 36. A method of manipulating a signal in a wireless personal network as in claim 35, wherein the interface comprises at least two speakers. 37. A method of manipulating a signal in a wireless personal network as in claim 35, wherein the providing step comprises mounting the source electronics on the wearer. 38. A method of manipulating a signal in a wireless personal network as in claim 35, wherein the providing step comprises providing a cellular telephone. 39. A method of manipulating a signal in a wireless personal network as in claim 35, wherein the providing step comprises providing a music source. 40. A method of manipulating a signal in a wireless personal network as in claim 39, wherein the providing step comprises providing an MP3 player. 41. A method of manipulating a signal in a wireless personal network as in claim 35, further comprising the step of wirelessly communicating the signal from a remote transceiver to the source electronics. 