A solar power conversion system using a plurality of engines to convert solar energy to electrical energy. The plurality of engines are supported adjacent to a housing having a single thermal cavity. The cavity is provided with solar energy from a solar collector. Each of the engines can be turned off or regulated to maintain an optimum operating temperature for a common heater head in communication with each of the engines. Therefore, the power conversion system can be regulated for variations in insolation to maintain an optimum temperature in the heater head. Therefore, increased life cycle energy efficiency of the power conversion system can be obtained.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A power conversion system for converting solar energy into electrical energy, comprising: a container defining a thermal cavity having a volume that is able to collect thermal energy produced by solar energy focused at the container; a plurality of engines disposed relative to said container such that said engines are able to use said collected thermal energy to perform work; at least one alternator responsive to operation of at least one of said plurality of engines for producing electric power; and wherein said plurality of said engines are operated to control the amount of thermal energy in said thermal cavity to optimize performance of the power conversion system. 2. The power conversion system of claim 1, further comprising: a solar collector that collects and redirects said solar energy into said thermal cavity; and wherein said solar energy is converted to said thermal energy in said thermal cavity. 3. The power conversion system of claim 2, further comprising: an engine controller, for controlling each one of the plurality of said engines independently; a temperature sensor to determine the temperature of said thermal cavity; a solar sensor to determine the amount of solar energy reaching said thermal cavity; and wherein said engine controller operates to turn on and off at least one of said plurality of engines to maintain a predetermined optimum operating condition for said system. 4. The power conversion system of claim 3, wherein said optimum operating condition includes a selected temperature of said thermal cavity. 5. The power conversion system of claim 1, further comprising: an engine controller, wherein said engine controller is able to control each of the plurality of engines independently; a temperature sensor to determine the temperature of said thermal cavity; and wherein said engine controller has stored an optimum operating condition for said plurality of engines and disengages one or more of said plurality of said engines to maintain said optimum operating condition. 6. The power conversion system of claim 5, wherein said optimum operating condition includes a selected temperature of said thermal cavity. 7. The power conversion system of claim 2, wherein said solar collector includes: a concave mirror to collect and focus said solar energy at said thermal cavity; a powered stand for supporting said concave mirror and positioning said concave mirror towards the sun; and a controller for determining an optimum orientation of said concave mirror relative to the sun to collect a maximum degree of said solar energy and to direct said powered stand to position said concave mirror at said optimum orientation. 8. The power conversion system of claim 1, further comprising: a plurality of shells, wherein each of said shells substantially encloses a respective one of said plurality of said Stirling engines; wherein each of said shells further includes a volume of gas which drives each of said Stirling engines; and wherein said shell extends from said container and substantially seals said thermal cavity from loss of thermal energy when said engine is offline. 9. The power conversion system of claim 1, wherein one of said shells encloses said one alternator with its associated said engine. 10. The power conversion system of claim 1, wherein said engine is selected from a group including Stirling cycle engines, Brayton cycle engines, Rankine cycle engines, or combination thereof. 11. A solar energy-to-electric power conversion system, comprising: a solar collector and concentrator that collects and concentrates solar energy; a housing including a thermal cavity, for receiving and concentrating said solar energy where said collected and concentrated solar energy creates thermal energy; a plurality of engines disposed relative to said thermal cavity so as to be able to use said thermal energy as a power source; wherein said plurality of engines are operated to control the amount of thermal energy in said thermal cavity to optimize operation of the power conversion system; and wherein said plurality of engines converts said thermal energy into electricity. 12. The solar energy-to-electricity power conversion system of claim 11, further comprising: a plurality of alternators, each of said alternators operably connected to a respective one of said plurality of engines; a controller for controlling each of said alternators; wherein said alternators are driven by said engines to produce electricity; and wherein said controller controls an output of said electricity from said alternators. 13. The solar energy-to-electricity power conversion system of claim 12, further comprising: a plurality of shells, wherein each of said shells substantially contains one of said plurality of said engines and its respective said alternator; wherein each of said shells further includes a volume of gas which drives said engines disposed therewithin; and wherein each said shell extends from said solar cavity and assists in substantially sealing said thermal cavity from loss of thermal energy when its associated said engine is not being operated. 14. The solar energy-to-electricity power conversion system of claim 11, further comprising: an energy absorber that absorbs said solar energy and radiates said thermal energy within said thermal cavity. 15. The solar energy-to-electricity power conversion system of claim 11, wherein said solar collector and concentrator includes: a concave mirror to collect and concentrate solar energy into said thermal cavity; a powered support for supporting said concave mirror and pointing said concave mirror towards the sun; and a controller for determining an optimum orientation of said concave mirror relative to the sun to maximize a collection of said solar energy and to control said powered support to position said concave mirror at said optimum orientation. 16. The solar energy-to-electricity power conversion system of claim 11, further comprising: an engine controller, wherein said engine controller is able to operate each of the plurality of engines independently to control the amount of said thermal power being withdrawn from said thermal cavity; a temperature sensor to determine a temperature of said thermal cavity; an insolation sensor to determine the amount of solar energy reaching said thermal cavity; wherein said engine controller has stored an optimum operating condition for said plurality of engines and disengages one or more of said plurality of said engines to maintain said optimum operating condition. 17. The solar energy-to-electricity power conversion system of claim 16, wherein said optimum operating condition includes a selected temperature of said thermal cavity. 18. The solar energy-to-electric power conversion system of claim 11, wherein said engine is selected from a group including Stirling cycle engines, Brayton cycle engines, Rankine cycle engines, or combination thereof. 19. A method to convert solar energy to electricity with a solar collector and concentrator and a housing having a cavity wherein the cavity has associated therewith a plurality of engines, the method comprising: disposing said solar collector and concentrator in a position to collect and concentrate solar energy at a focus point; positioning said cavity to receive said concentrated solar energy; converting at least a portion of said solar energy to thermal energy in said cavity; and operably disposing said plurality of engines relative to said cavity to use said thermal energy to generate electricity. 20. The method of claim 19, further comprising: positioning said solar collector and concentrator to collect and concentrate a maximum amount of said solar energy at said focus point; and positioning said housing relative to said solar collector and concentrator to ensure that said collected solar energy is provided to said cavity. 21. The method of claim 20, wherein positioning said solar collector and concentrator to collect and concentrate a maximum amount of solar energy, includes: mounting said solar collector and concentrator on a mobile platform; measuring an insolation at a plurality of points; selecting one of said plurality of points with the greatest insolation; and moving said mobile platform so that said solar collector and concentrator is at said point of greatest insolation. 22. The method of claim 19, wherein operably disposing said plurality of engines relative to said single solar cavity to use said thermal energy to generate electricity, includes: positioning a hot region of said engine in thermal communication with said cavity; positioning a cool region of said engine to allow said engine to use the thermal energy in said cavity to perform work; and using a plurality of alternators associated with said engines such that when said engine is operated said alternators produce electricity. 23. The method of 22, wherein each one of said plurality of said engines has an optimum operating condition including a temperature of said cavity, further comprising: controlling said alternators with a controller to control an electrical load placed on each said alternator; and increasing or decreasing the electrical load placed on each said alternator to vary an optimum operating efficiency of each said engine. 24. The method of claim 19, further comprising: turning off at least one of said engines for a period of time to maintain said cavity at an optimum, predetermined temperature. 25. The method of claim 19, wherein said engine is selected from a group consisting of Stirling cycle engines, Brayton cycle engines, Rankine cycle engines, or a combination thereof. 26. A method for converting solar energy into electrical energy, comprising: using a mirror to receive and focus solar energy to a focus point; positioning a housing having a thermal cavity adjacent said mirror such that said thermal cavity is approximately disposed at said focus point; using a plurality of energy conversion engines disposed adjacent said thermal cavity to generate electricity from thermal energy generated within said thermal cavity; and controlling said energy conversion engines to maintain said thermal cavity at a predetermined temperature regardless of variations in said solar energy. 27. The method of claim 26, further comprising: determining a temperature of said thermal cavity; determining an optimum number of said energy conversion engines to operate at said determined temperature; and wherein controlling said energy conversion engines includes operating only said determined optimum number. 28. The method of claim 27, further comprising: determining an insolation of said mirror; determining an optimum number of aid energy conversion engines to operate at said determined insolation; and wherein controlling said energy conversion engines includes operating only said determined optimum number. 29. The method of claim 27, where controlling said energy conversion engines includes selecting a stroke length of each energy conversion engine; and selecting to operate or not operate each of said energy conversion engines. 30. A power conversion system for converting thermal energy into electrical energy, comprising: a combustor for combusting a fuel to produce thermal energy; a container defining a thermal cavity having a volume that is able to collect thermal energy produced by said combustor; a plurality of engines disposed relative to said container such that said engines are able to use said collected thermal energy to perform work; at least one alternator responsive to operation of at least one of said plurality of engines to produce electrical energy; and wherein said plurality of said engines are operated to control the amount of thermal energy in said thermal cavity to optimize performance of the power conversion system. 31. The power conversion system of claim 30, wherein said fuel is selected from a group consisting of hydrocarbons, hydrogen, carbon, and mixtures thereof. 32. The power conversion system of claim 31, where said plurality of engines can be controlled to maintain an optimum temperature in said thermal cavity. 33. The power conversion system of claim 30, wherein said plurality of engines is selected from the group including Rankine cycle engines, Stirling cycle engines, Brayton engines, or combinations thereof. 