A mobile power system for producing power at a desired location includes a first power generating device of a first type coupled to a transportable housing, and a second power generating device of a second type coupled to the transportable housing. The first type of power generating device is different than the second type of power generating device. According to an exemplary embodiment, the mobile power system may provide easy access to different types of power outputs. Further, the housing may have the approximate size of a standard freight container.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method of producing and delivering power at a desired location, comprising: coupling a first power generating device of a first type to a transportable housing; coupling a second power generating device of a second type to the transportable housing, wherein the first type of power generating device is different than the second type of power generating device; receiving power from at least one of the first and second power generating devices within the transportable housing; and providing access to the received power in a plurality of different electrical configurations. 2. The method of producing and delivering power at a desired location according to claim 1, wherein the plurality of different electrical configurations includes alternating current and direct current. 3. The method of producing and delivering power at a desired location according to claim 2, wherein the plurality of different electrical configurations includes a plurality of different voltages of alternating current and a plurality of different voltages of direct current. 4. The method of producing and delivering power at a desired location according to claim 2, wherein the step of providing access to the received power includes access to a plurality of electrical outlets coupled to the transportable housing. 5. The method of producing and delivering power at a desired location according to claim 1, further comprising coupling a third power generating device of a third type to the transportable housing, the third type of power generating device being different than the first and second types of power generating devices. 6. The method of producing and delivering power at a desired location according to claim 5, further comprising coupling a fourth power generating device of a fourth type to the transportable housing, the fourth type of power generating device being different than the first, second and third types of power generating devices. 7. The method of producing and delivering power at a desired location according to claim 1, wherein the step of coupling a first power generating device to the transportable housing includes attaching a vertical pole along a corner of the transportable housing. 8. The method of producing and delivering power at a desired location according to claim 5, wherein the first type of power generating device includes a solar powered generating device, the second type of power generating device includes a wind powered generating device, and the third type of power generating device includes a fuel powered generating device. 9. The method of producing and delivering power at a desired location according to claim 1, wherein the first type of power generating device includes a solar powered generating device. 10. The method of producing power and delivering at a desired location according to claim 9, wherein the second type of power generating device includes a wind powered generating device. 11. The method of producing and delivering power at a desired location according to claim 1, further comprising detaching the first and second power generating devices from the transportable housing, storing the first and second power generating devices within the transportable housing, and transporting the housing to a desired location. 12. The method of producing and delivering power at a desired location according to claim 1, wherein the housing includes a length, width and height approximately equal to a standard ISO freight container. 13. The method of producing and delivering power at a desired location according to claim 1, wherein the housing is a storage housing for equipment. 14. The method of producing and delivering power at a desired location according to claim 1, wherein the housing is a human shelter. 15. The method of producing and delivering power at a desired location according to claim 14, wherein the housing includes a climate controlled internal space. 16. The method of producing and delivering power at a desired location according to claim 1, further comprising powering at least one component within the transportable housing with the power received. 17. The method of producing and delivering power at a desired location according to claim 1, further comprising at least one of remotely controlling and remotely monitoring at least one component coupled to the transportable housing. 18. A method of producing power at a desired location, comprising: coupling a first power generating device of a first type to a transportable housing; and coupling a second power generating device of a second type to the transportable housing, wherein the first type of power generating device is different than the second type of power generating device. 19. The method of producing power at a desired location according to claim 18, further comprising coupling a third power generating device of a third type to the transportable housing, the third type of power generating device being different than the first and second types of power generating devices. 20. The method of producing power at a desired location according to claim 19, further comprising coupling a fourth power generating device of a fourth type to the transportable housing, the fourth type of power generating device being different than the first, second and third types of power generating devices. 21. The method of producing power at a desired location according to claim 19, wherein the first type of power generating device includes a solar powered generating device, the second type of power generating device includes a wind powered generating device, and the third type of power generating device includes a fuel powered generating device. 22. The method of producing power at a desired location according to claim 18, wherein the first type of power generating device includes a solar powered generating device. 23. The method of producing power at a desired location according to claim 22, further comprising receiving power from at least one of the first and second power generating devices within the transportable housing, and providing access to the received power in a plurality of different electrical configurations. 24. The method of producing power at a desired location according to claim 22, wherein the second type of power generating device includes a wind powered generating device. 25. The method of producing power at a desired location according to claim 18, further comprising detaching the first and second power generating devices from the transportable housing, storing the first and second power generating devices within the transportable housing, and transporting the housing to a desired location. 26. The method of producing power at a desired location according to claim 18, wherein the step of coupling a first power generating device to the transportable housing includes attaching a vertical pole along a corner of the transportable housing. 27. The method of producing power at a desired location according to claim 18, wherein the housing includes a length, width and height approximately equal to a standard ISO freight container. 28. The method of producing power at a desired location according to claim 18, wherein the housing is a storage housing for equipment. 29. The method of producing power at a desired location according to claim 18, wherein the housing is a human shelter. 30. The method of producing power at a desired location according to claim 29, wherein the housing includes a climate controlled internal space. 31. The method of producing power at a desired location according to claim 18, further comprising powering at least one component within the transportable housing with power received from at least one of the first and second power generating devices. 32. The method of producing power at a desired location according to claim 18, further comprising at least one of remotely controlling and remotely monitoring at least one component coupled to the transportable housing. 33. A transportable power station, comprising: a transportable housing; and a plurality of coupling elements secured to the housing and configured to allow for the attaching of more than one type of power generating device to the housing. 34. The transportable power station according to claim 33, wherein the types of power generating devices include at least one solar powered generating device and at least one wind powered generating device. 35. The transportable power station according to claim 34, wherein the types of power generating devices further include at least one fuel powered generating device. 36. The transportable power station according to claim 35, wherein the fuel powered generating device includes at least one of a natural gas driven generator, oil driven generator, propane driven generator, diesel fuel driven generator, fuel cell, and gasoline driven generator. 37. The transportable power station according to claim 35, further including a backup power source. 38. The transportable power station according to claim 34, wherein the solar powered generating device includes at least one solar panel coupled to at least one of said coupling elements. 39. The transportable power station according to claim 38, wherein the housing includes a top wall, side walls and a bottom wall and one of the plurality of coupling elements includes a removable bracket located at a junction of the top wall and one of said side walls. 40. The transportable power station according to claim 39, wherein the solar panel is pivotably coupled to the bracket. 41. The transportable power station according to claim 39, wherein two solar panels are coupled to the bracket so that each of the two solar panels are independently pivotable relative to the housing. 42. The transportable power station according to claim 38, wherein the solar powered generating device includes an array of solar panels, the array configured to receive another array of solar panels. 43. The transportable power station according to claim 38, wherein the at least one solar panel is partially supported by at least one adjustable strut. 44. The transportable power station according to claim 43, wherein the at least one adjustable strut includes a proximal end and a distal end, the proximal end being coupled to the at least one solar panel, and the distal end capable of being either connected to the housing or positioned on the ground. 45. The transportable power station according to claim 33, wherein the plurality of coupling elements includes at least one pole coupled to a corner of the housing. 46. The transportable power station according to claim 45, wherein a wind powered generating device is coupled to one of the at least one pole. 47. The transportable power station according to claim 33, wherein the housing is a storage housing for equipment. 48. The transportable power station according to claim 33, wherein the housing is a human shelter. 49. The transportable power station according to claim 48, wherein the housing includes a climate controlled internal space. 50. The transportable power station according to claim 33, wherein the housing includes control equipment for the power generating devices. 51. The transportable power station according to claim 33, wherein the housing includes a length, width and height approximately equal to a standard freight container. 52. The transportable power station according to claim 33, wherein the housing includes a length, width and height, and the length of the housing is approximately 20 feet. 53. The transportable power station according to claim 52, wherein the housing includes a length, width and height, and the width of the housing is approximately 8 feet. 54. The transportable power station according to claim 53, wherein the housing includes a length, width and height, and the height of the housing is approximately 8.5 feet or less. 55. The transportable power station according to claim 33, wherein the housing includes a length, width and height approximately equal to a standard ISO freight container. 56. The transportable power station according to claim 33, wherein the housing is a modified standard ISO freight container. 57. The transportable power station according to claim 56, wherein the modification includes connector components fixed to the container to assist in securing the coupling elements to the container, the connector components configured to maintain the container within ISO standards for shipping. 58. The transportable power station according to claim 57, wherein the connector components include a plurality of rivnuts. 59. The transportable power station according to claim 33, wherein the housing includes supports located at corners of the housing. 60. The transportable power station according to claim 33, wherein the power generating devices are removably coupled to the housing. 61. The transportable power station according to claim 33, wherein the power generating devices are sized to fit completely within the housing. 62. The transportable power station according to claim 33, further comprising communications and control equipment for remotely operating the power station. 63. The transportable power station according to claim 33, further including at least one door located behind access doors of the housing. 64. The transportable power station according to claim 33, further including a plurality of different electrical outlets providing access to power in a plurality of different electrical configurations. 65. A method of transporting and assembling a power station, comprising: storing at least one power generating device within a housing; transporting the housing to a desired location; removing the at least one power generating device from the housing; and coupling the at least one power generating device to an outer surface of the housing. 66. The method of transporting and assembling a power station according to claim 65, wherein the at least one power generation device includes a plurality of power generating devices. 67. The method of transporting and assembling a power station according to claim 66, wherein the plurality of power generating devices includes different types of power generating devices. 68. The method of transporting and assembling a power station according to claim 65, further comprising receiving power from the at least one power generating device within the transportable housing, and providing access to the received power in a plurality of different electrical configurations. 69. The method of transporting and assembling a power station according to claim 65, further comprising detaching the at least one power generating device from the transportable housing prior to performing the step of storing at least one power generating device within a housing. 70. The method of transporting and assembling a power station according to claim 65, wherein the at least one power generation device includes one of a solar powered generating device, a wind powered generating device, and a fuel powered generating device. 71. The method of transporting and assembling a power station according to claim 65, wherein the housing is a human shelter. 72. The method of transporting and assembling a power station according to claim 65, wherein the housing is a storage housing for equipment. 73. The method of transporting and assembling a power station according to claim 65, wherein the housing includes a length, width and height, and the length of the housing is approximately 20 feet. 74. The method of transporting and assembling a power station according to claim 73, wherein the housing includes a length, width and height, and the width of the housing is approximately 8 feet. 75. The method of transporting and assembling a power station according to claim 74, wherein the housing includes a length, width and height, and the height of the housing is approximately 8.5 feet or less. 76. The method of transporting and assembling a power station according to claim 65, wherein the housing is a modified standard ISO freight container. 77. The method of transporting and assembling a power station according to claim 76, wherein the modification includes connector components fixed to the container to assist in securing the coupling elements to the container, the connector components configured to maintain the container within ISO standards for shipping. 78. The method of transporting and assembling a power station according to claim 77, wherein the connector components include a plurality of rivnuts. 79. A transportable power station, comprising: a transportable housing; and at least one power generating device removably coupled from an operational position on an outside surface of the housing and sized to fit completely within the transportable housing. 80. The transportable power station according to claim 79, wherein the at least one power generating device includes at least one of a solar powered generating device and wind powered generating device. 81. The transportable power station according to claim 80, wherein the at least one power generating device includes at least one solar powered generating device and at least one wind powered generating device. 82. The transportable power station according to claim 81, wherein the at least one power generating device includes at least one solar powered generating device, at least one wind powered generating device and at least one fuel powered generating device. 83. The transportable power station according to claim 82, further including a backup power source. 84. The transportable power station according to claim 79, wherein the at least one power generating device includes a solar powered generating device having at least one solar panel coupled to the housing. 85. The transportable power station according to claim 84, wherein the housing includes a top wall, side walls and a bottom wall and one of the plurality of coupling elements includes a removable bracket located at a junction of the top wall and one of said side walls. 86. The transportable power station according to claim 85, wherein the solar panel is pivotably coupled to the bracket. 87. The transportable power station according to claim 85, wherein two solar panels are coupled to the bracket so that each of the two solar panels are independently pivotable relative to the housing. 88. The transportable power station according to claim 79, wherein the solar powered generating device includes an array of solar panels, the array configured to receive another array of solar panels. 89. The transportable power station according to claim 79, wherein the at least one solar panel is partially supported by at least one adjustable strut. 90. The transportable power station according to claim 89, wherein the at least one adjustable strut includes a proximal end and a distal end, the proximal end being coupled to the at least one solar panel, and the distal end capable of being either connected to the housing or positioned on the ground. 91. The transportable power station according to claim 79, wherein the plurality of coupling elements includes at least one pole coupled to a corner of the housing. 92. The transportable power station according to claim 91, further including at least one supplemental pole coupled to the at least one pole. 93. The transportable power station according to claim 91, wherein a wind powered generating device is coupled to one of the at least one pole. 94. The transportable power station according to claim 79, wherein the housing is a human shelter. 95. The transportable power station according to claim 94, wherein the housing is a storage housing for equipment. 96. The transportable power station according to claim 94, wherein the housing includes a climate controlled internal space. 97. The transportable power station according to claim 79, wherein the housing includes control equipment for the power generating devices. 98. The transportable power station according to claim 79, wherein the housing includes a length, width and height approximately equal to a standard freight container. 99. The transportable power station according to claim 79, wherein the housing includes a length, width and height, and the length of the housing is approximately 20 feet. 100. The transportable power station according to claim 99, wherein the housing includes a length, width and height, and the width of the housing is approximately 8 feet. 101. The transportable power station according to claim 100, wherein the housing includes a length, width and height, and the height of the housing is approximately 8.5 feet or less. 102. The transportable power station according to claim 79, wherein the housing includes a length, width and height approximately equal to a standard ISO freight container. 103. The transportable power station according to claim 79, wherein the housing is a modified standard ISO freight container. 104. The transportable power station according to claim 103, wherein the modification includes connector components fixed to the container to assist in securing the coupling elements to the container, the connector components configured to maintain the container within ISO standards for shipping. 105. The transportable power station according to claim 104, wherein the connector components include a plurality of rivnuts. 106. The transportable power station according to claim 79, wherein the housing includes supports located at corners of the housing. 107. The transportable power station according to claim 79, further comprising communications and control equipment. 108. The transportable power station according to claim 79, further including a plurality of different electrical outlets providing access to power in a plurality of different electrical configurations. 109. A method of manufacturing a transportable power station, comprising: adapting a housing to removably receive at least one power generating device thereon, the housing having a top wall, side walls and a bottom wall, a length of approximately 20 feet, a width of approximately 8 feet, and a height of approximately 8.5 feet or less, and an interior space capable for use as a human shelter. 110. The method of manufacturing a transportable power station according to claim 108, further including adapting the interior space of the housing to include control equipment for the power station. 111. The method of manufacturing a transportable power station according to claim 109, wherein the adaptation of the housing includes fixedly securing at least one power generating device coupling element to a junction between the top wall and one of the side walls of the housing. 112. The method of manufacturing a transportable power station according to claim 109, wherein the adaptation of the housing includes fixedly securing at least one power generating device coupling element to a junction between two of the side walls. 113. The method of manufacturing a transportable power station according to claim 109, wherein the adaptation of the housing includes forming at least one door located behind access doors of the housing. 114. A transportable power station, comprising: a transportable housing having the approximate size of a standard ISO freight container; and at least one power generating device coupled to the housing. 115. The transportable power station according to claim 114, wherein the at least one power generating device includes at least one of a solar powered generating device and wind powered generating device. 116. The transportable power station according to claim 115, wherein the at least one power generating device includes at least one solar powered generating device and at least one wind powered generating device. 117. The transportable power station according to claim 114, wherein the at least one power generating device includes at least one solar powered generating device, at least one wind powered generating device and at least one fuel powered generating device. 118. The transportable power station according to claim 117, further including a backup power source. 119. The transportable power station according to claim 114, wherein the at least one power generating device includes a solar powered generating device having at least one solar panel coupled to the housing. 120. The transportable power station according to claim 119, wherein the housing includes a top wall, side walls and a bottom wall and one of the plurality of coupling elements includes a removable bracket located at a junction of the top wall and one of said side walls. 121. The transportable power station according to claim 120, wherein the solar panel is pivotably coupled to the bracket. 122. The transportable power station according to claim 120, wherein two solar panels are coupled to the bracket so that each of the two solar panels are independently pivotable relative to the housing. 123. The transportable power station according to claim 114, wherein the solar powered generating device includes an array of solar panels, the array configured to receive another array of solar panels. 124. The transportable power station according to claim 119, wherein the at least one solar panel is partially supported by at least one adjustable strut. 125. The transportable power station according to claim 124, wherein the at least one adjustable strut includes a proximal end and a distal end, the proximal end being coupled to the at least one solar panel, and the distal end capable of being either connected to the housing or positioned on the ground. 126. The transportable power station according to claim 114, wherein the plurality of coupling elements includes at least one pole coupled to a corner of the housing. 127. The transportable power station according to claim 126, further including at least one supplemental pole coupled to the at least one pole. 128. The transportable power station according to claim 126, wherein a wind powered generating device is coupled to one of the at least one pole. 129. The transportable power station according to claim 114, wherein the housing is a storage housing for equipment. 130. The transportable power station according to claim 114, wherein the housing is a human shelter. 131. The transportable power station according to claim 130, wherein the housing includes a climate controlled internal space. 132. The transportable power station according to claim 114, wherein the housing includes control equipment for the power generating devices. 133. The transportable power station according to claim 114, wherein the housing includes a length, width and height, and the length of the housing is approximately 20 feet. 134. The transportable power station according to claim 133, wherein the housing includes a length, width and height, and the width of the housing is approximately 8 feet. 135. The transportable power station according to claim 134, wherein the housing includes a length, width and height, and the height of the housing is approximately 8.5 feet or less. 136. The transportable power station according to claim 114, wherein the housing is a modified standard ISO freight container. 137. The transportable power station according to claim 136, wherein the modification includes connector components fixed to the container to assist in securing the coupling elements to the container, the connector components configured to maintain the container within ISO standards for shipping. 138. The transportable power station according to claim 137, wherein the connector components include a plurality of rivnuts. 139. The transportable power station according to claim 114, wherein the housing includes supports located at corners of the housing. 140. The transportable power station according to claim 114, further comprising communications and control equipment for remotely operating the power station. 141. The transportable power station according to claim 114, further including a plurality of different electrical outlets providing access to power in a plurality of different electrical configurations. 