The invention relates to a heating system for generating and distributing thermal energy, comprising one or more circulation systems for distributing the heat, heating circuits for generating heat and at least one storage element (14). For economical storage of large amounts of heat and in order to improve the efficiency of the system, the heating system is dependent on a level of fluid and the circulation systems, e.g. for heating (23-29), storage connection, domestic water heating (26, 30-32), after-heating, heat exchange, storage collectors (5, 7-10), heating boiler (33-38), heating pumps, procurement of heat and cooling, are connected directly to the storage element (14), whereby the storage fluid is used directly by the circulation systems. Supply devices, such as filling devices (26, 30) or (34) or devices increasing the level of fluid, introduce the fluid into the circulation system before circulation and/or supply devices keep the fluid in the circulation system and/or the circulation systems dependent on the level of fluid are provided with a emergency filling device (31, 33). The invention also relates to a method for operating a heating system and to the use thereof.
Claims 1-77. (canceled) 78. A heating system for generating and distributing thermal energy, comprising: at least one unpressurized fluid heat reservoir containing a storage fluid; one or more circulating systems for distributing heat to at least one of heat-exchanging and storing components; and at least one of said circulating systems being directly connected to said at least one fluid heat reservoir for circulating said storage fluid through said circulating system. 79. The heating system according to claim 78, which comprises an inert gas tank. 80. The heating system according to claim 79, wherein said inert gas tank is disposed above a level of said storage fluid in said fluid heat reservoir and is in communication, by way of a gas-permeable opening, with said fluid heat reservoir or a stratification device disposed thereat, whereby gas bubbles from said fluid heat reservoir, said stratification device, or one of said circulating collect in said inert gas tank. 81. The heating system according to claim 78, wherein one or more of said circulating systems are systems for generating heat. 82. The heating system according to claim 81, wherein one or more of said circulating systems are solar cycle systems. 83. The heating system according to claim 78, which comprises a provision device selected from the group consisting of a filling device and a device for increasing a fluid level in said fluid heat reservoir, said device introducing the fluid into the circulating system prior to circulating. 84. The heating system according to claim 83, which comprises a control device connected to said provision device, wherein said provision device initiates a circulation system when circulation is required under control of said control device, and wherein a circulation mode and pressure-holding mode is set under at least one of time control, open-loop control, closed-loop control, and sensor control. 85. The heating system according to claim 78, which comprises a retention device for holding said fluid in said circulating system. 86. The heating system according to claim 85, wherein said retention device comprises a device for blocking and/or sealing off said circulating system. 87. The heating system according to claim 86, wherein said device for blocking and/or sealing is configured such that, when said circulating system is blocked off for retention purposes, a generation of pressure for at least one of pressurizing, pressure-holding, and circulating is switched on until a blocking operation has ended. 88. The heating system according to claim 78, which comprises means for holding said fluid in said circulating system, said means comprising a device for cyclical or event-controlled or constant minimal circulation or said means comprising recirculation phases when inoperative. 89. The heating system according to claim 78, which comprises emptying lines for emptying a circulating system, said emptying lines opening into one of an inert gas tank, above said fluid heat reservoir, and to a stratification device disposed in said fluid heat reservoir. 90. The heating system according to claim 78, which comprises emptying lines for emptying a circulating system, said emptying lines being formed by feed and return lines of said circulating system and being valve-controlled, said lines merging outside said inert gas tank or fluid heat reservoir or stratification device into a common line and said common line opening into an inert gas tank or to said fluid reservoir or to a stratification device in said fluid reservoir. 91. The heating system according to claim 79, which comprises a valve-controlled emptying line for said circulating system, said emptying line connecting to a feed of said circulating system outside said inert gas tank or said fluid reservoir or a stratification device, and opening into a return ending in a gas region of said inert gas tank or above or in said fluid reservoir or above or in said stratification device. 92. The heating system according to claim 78, which comprises a device for emptying a circulating system or a part of a circulating system directly coupled to said fluid reservoir, and wherein a fluid level of said fluid reservoir projects into a region to be emptied. 93. The heating system according to claim 78, which comprises a device for increasing a fluid level in the system. 94. The heating system according to claim 93, which comprises a liquid-filled and/or gas-filled connection, formed with a fluid-receiving space, disposed between a closed reservoir and an inert gas tank disposed thereabove. 95. The heating system according to claim 93, wherein said device for increasing the fluid level comprises a pressure-holding seal between said fluid reservoir and a gas-pressurized inert gas tank. 96. The heating system according to claim 93, wherein said device for increasing the fluid level comprises one of a reservoir and a reservoir assembly disposed at a given height. 97. The heating system according to claim 78, wherein said heat fluid reservoir is a device selected from the group consisting of a storage heat exchanger, a fluid-receiving tank, a plurality thereof, and a combination thereof. 98. The heating system according to claim 97, wherein said storage heat exchanger or said fluid-receiving tank forms part of a reservoir assembly. 99. The heating system according to claim 98, wherein said reservoir assembly comprises a double base or a double wall. 100. The heating system according to claim 98, wherein said reservoir assembly comprises a plurality of reservoirs disposed above one another, wherein lower reservoirs are closed, and said reservoirs are coupled to a respectively adjacent reservoir by way of at least one connection for rising fluid and gas and by way of at least one connection for sinking fluid. 101. The heating system according to claim 100, wherein said reservoirs are disposed a lateral offset relative to one another, and said reservoirs are connected in parallel individually or in groups. 102. The heating system according to claim 100, wherein said reservoirs include stratification devices connected via said connection, for assuring a stratified arrangement over a plurality of said reservoirs. 103. The heating system according to claim 78, which comprises a heat generator selected from a waste heat unit and a cooling systems, and wherein heat from said heat generator is stored in said reservoir. 104. The heating system according to claim 103, wherein the system is configured to feed fluid into a heat-obtaining exchanger only if the fluid is warmer than the fluid in the heat-obtaining exchanger or than an environment of the heat-obtaining exchanger, or wherein the system is configured to circulate the storage fluid through the heat exchanger or storage heat exchanger only if storage fluid is available at a lower temperature than a temperature at said heat generator. 105. The heating system according to claim 78, which further comprises a device for dynamic pressure generation and a device for generating a back-pressure, said devices being configured such that a defined part of the pressure generation is reflected in an increase in pressure in the circulating system but not in an increase in through-flow. 106. The heating system according to claim 78, which comprises a floating layer of a liquid that is immiscible with said heat storage fluid disposed on said heat storage fluid. 107. The heating system according to claim 106, wherein said floating layer is a layer of paraffin oil. 108. A method of operating a heating system, which comprises: providing a heating system according to claim 78; providing the heating system with a reliable emptying device and ensuring, by way of at least one of redundant elements, repetition operations, and autonomous additional devices, reliable emptying of the system. 109. The method according to claim 108, which comprises assuring reliable emptying of the circulating systems by recording with a sensor at least one of an absence or presence of water and an emptied quantity of water, and initiating further safety strategies with sensor signals issued by the sensor. 110. The method according to claim 109, wherein the further safety stategies are selected from the group consisting of emptying repetitions, flushing operations, and heating operations. 111. The method according to claim 108, which comprises mounting redundant or autonomous elements for reliable emptying of the circulating systems and switching or evaluating the elements to execute redundant function and/or, in an event of a plausibility of an error, initiating safety strategies. 112. The method according to claim 111, wherein the elements are selected from the group consisting of thermostats, temperature sensors, and valve-controlled emptying lines. 113. The method according to claims 108, which comprises assuring reliable emptying of the system by providing and connecting in a chain a plurality of redundant systems for at least one of an actuation voltage for pressure-generating devices and emptying valves or blocking valves, and consenting to a generation of pressure or non-emptying by all the redundant systems, and switching off a pressure generation or an emptying as soon as a consent of one of the redundant systems is removed. 114. The method according to claims 108, wherein the autonomous additional device comprises a discharge apparatus, and the method comprises discharging the fluid from a part of the circulating system that is at risk from frost. 115. The method according to claims 114, wherein the discharge apparatus is an overflow in the fluid-receiving tank or a discharge valve with sensor control of a fluid level. 116. In combination with a heating system subject to superatmospheric pressure, the heating system according to claim 78. 117. In combination with a heating system with ambient pressure circulation systems, the heating system according to claim 78. 118. In combination with a heating system having a pressure-reduced circulation system, the heating system according to claim 78. 119. The method according to claims 108 adapted for operation of a heating system subject to superatmospheric pressure, ambient-pressure circulating systems, circulating systems with reduced superatmospheric pressure, or circulating systems that can be emptied. 