In one embodiment, an illuminated sign is provided for identifying a geographic aspect. The illuminated sign includes a back plate and at least one symbol. The symbol identifies a geographic aspect. A solar panel is supported with respect to the back plate and includes a solar cell, a rechargeable battery, an activation device, at least one LED, and a control circuit. The control circuit is electrically connected with each of the solar cell, the battery, the activation device, and the LED. The control circuit is configured to detect the presence of sunlight and to facilitate selective recharging of the battery with power from the solar cell when sunlight is present. The control circuit is also configured to selectively provide power to the LED from the battery when sunlight is not present so that the LED will illuminate the symbol when sunlight is not present
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An illuminated sign for identifying a geographic aspect, the system comprising: a back plate; at least one symbol configured for association with the back plate, said symbol identifying a geographic aspect; a solar panel being supported with respect to the back plate, the solar panel comprising a solar cell, at least one rechargeable alkaline battery, an activation device, at least one LED, and a control circuit, the control circuit being electrically connected with each of the solar cell, said battery, the activation device, and said LED; wherein the control circuit is configured to detect the presence of sunlight, is configured to facilitate selective recharging of said battery with power from the solar cell when sunlight is present, and is configured to selectively provide power to said LED from said battery when sunlight is not present so that said LED will illuminate said symbol when sunlight is not present. 2. The illuminated sign of claim 1 wherein the back plate includes a plurality of apertures, each aperture being configured to receive a screw for mounting the back plate to a wall. 3. The illuminated sign of claim 1 wherein the solar panel is supported by the back plate. 4. The illuminated sign of claim 1 wherein said symbol is associated with the back plate through use of an adhesive. 5. The illuminated sign of claim 1 wherein said symbol is configured to reflect light generated by the LED. 6. The illuminated sign of claim 1 wherein said symbol comprises at least one number. 7. The illuminated sign of claim 1 wherein the solar panel further comprises a power jack being electrically connected with the control circuit and being configured for selective connection to an external wall plug power adapter. 8. The illuminated sign of claim 1 wherein the activation device comprises at least one of a jumper and a switch. 9. The illuminated sign of claim 1 wherein the control circuit detects the presence of sunlight by monitoring voltage generated by the solar cell. 10. The illuminated sign of claim 1 wherein the control circuit includes a switch having a low voltage drop across its switched terminals as compared to the voltage drop across a standard blocking diode, the switch being configured to selectively facilitate current flow from the solar cell to said battery, the switch being further configured to interrupt said current flow when the voltage of said battery exceeds the voltage produced by the solar cell. 11. The illuminated sign of claim 10 wherein the switch comprises a transistor. 12. The illuminated sign of claim 1 wherein the control circuit includes means for selectively facilitating current flow from the solar cell to said battery. 13. The illuminated sign of claim 1 wherein the control circuit includes a shunt regulator circuit for protecting said battery from being overcharged, the shunt regulator circuit being configured to absorb substantially no leakage current at all times except during charging. 14. The illuminated sign of claim 1 wherein the control circuit further comprises shunt regulator means for protecting said battery from being overcharged. 15. The illuminated sign of claim 14 wherein the control circuit further comprises current limiting means for limiting the amount of current passed from the solar cell to said battery and to the shunt regulator means. 16. The illuminated sign of claim 1 wherein the solar panel and the back plate each comprise interconnecting fastener arrangements, whereby said fastener arrangements facilitate selective attachment of the solar panel to the back plate. 17. The illuminated sign of claim 16 whereby said fastener arrangements facilitate sliding engagement of the solar panel onto the back plate. 18. The illuminated sign of claim 1 wherein the solar panel comprises a top member and a bottom member, the top member supporting the solar cell and the bottom member supporting said LED. 19. The illuminated sign of claim 18 wherein the bottom member further supports said battery and at least part of the control circuit. 20. The illuminated sign of claim 18 wherein the bottom member is selectively removable from the top member. 21. The illuminated sign of claim 1 wherein said symbol identifies a street address corresponding to a geographic location. 22. An illuminated sign for identifying a street address of a geographic location, the system comprising: a back plate including a plurality of apertures, each aperture being configured to receive a screw for mounting the back plate to a wall; at least one reflective number configured for association with the back plate through use of an adhesive, said number identifying a street address corresponding to a geographic location; a solar panel attached to the back plate, the solar panel comprising a solar cell, at least one rechargeable alkaline battery, an activation device, at least one LED, and a control circuit, the activation device comprising at least one of a jumper and a switch, the control circuit being electrically connected with each of the solar cell, said battery, the activation device, and said LED; wherein the control circuit is configured to detect the presence of sunlight by monitoring voltage generated by the solar cell, is configured to facilitate selective recharging of said battery with power from the solar cell when sunlight is present, and is configured to selectively provide power to said LED from said battery when sunlight is not present so that said LED will illuminate said number when sunlight is not present. 23. The illuminated sign of claim 22 wherein the solar panel further comprises a power jack being electrically connected with the control circuit and being configured for selective connection to an external wall plug power adapter. 24. The illuminated sign of claim 22 wherein the control circuit includes a switch having a low voltage drop across its switched terminals as compared to the voltage drop across a standard blocking diode, the switch being configured to selectively facilitate current flow from the solar cell to said battery, the switch being further configured to interrupt said current flow when the voltage of said battery exceeds the voltage produced by the solar cell. 25. The illuminated sign of claim 22 wherein the control circuit includes a shunt regulator circuit for protecting said battery from being overcharged, the shunt regulator circuit being configured to absorb substantially no leakage current at all times except during charging. 26. An illuminated sign for identifying a street address of a geographic location, the system comprising: a back plate including a plurality of apertures, each aperture being configured to receive a screw for mounting the back plate to a wall; at least one number configured for association with the back plate, said number identifying a street address corresponding to a geographic location; a solar panel attached to the back plate, the solar panel comprising a solar cell, at least one rechargeable battery, an activation device, at least one LED, and a control circuit, the control circuit being electrically connected with each of the solar cell, said battery, the activation device, and said LED, the control circuit including a switch having a low voltage drop across its switched terminals as compared to the voltage drop across a standard blocking diode, the switch being configured to selectively facilitate current flow from the solar cell to said battery, the switch being further configured to interrupt said current flow when the voltage of said battery exceeds the voltage produced by the solar cell; wherein the control circuit is configured to detect the presence of sunlight by monitoring voltage generated by the solar cell, is configured to facilitate selective recharging of said battery with power from the solar cell when sunlight is present, and is configured to selectively provide power to said LED from said battery when sunlight is not present so that said LED will illuminate said number when sunlight is not present. 