A solar lighting system, which is incorporated with an outdoors umbrella, includes a solar energy collector mounted on top of the outdoors umbrella, a chain lighting arrangement, an attachable lighting system, and a light support, which is adjustably mounted along a supporting shaft of the outdoors umbrella at a position within the shadowing area of the awning frame, including a plurality of supporting arms radially extended from the supporting shaft, and a plurality of illuminators connecting to the supporting arms respectively in a movably suspended manner such that by selectively adjusting a position of the light support along the supporting shaft, the illuminators are suspendedly self-repositioned for maximizing a light coverage area within the shadowing area.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An outdoor umbrella, comprising: an awning frame which comprises a plurality of elongated awning arms radially extended in a pivotally movable manner and an awning substantially supported by said awning arms to define a shadowing area thereunder; a supporting frame comprising a supporting shaft having an upper portion connected to said awning frame; and a lighting system comprising a power unit and a plurality of illuminating units mounted to said awning frame and electrically connected to said power unit along said awning frame for illuminating said shadowing area under said awning. 2. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 1, wherein said illuminating units are mounted to said awning arms respectively, wherein each of said illuminating units comprises a plurality of illuminators spacedly mounted along said respective awning arm and an extension wire extended along said respective awning arm to electrically connect said illuminators with said power unit. 3. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 2, wherein each of said illuminating unit further comprises a tubular light housing receiving said illuminators and said extension wire therein such that said illuminators generate light to penetrate through said light housing for illuminating said shadowing area of said awning. 4. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 2, wherein each of said awning arms having a U-shaped cross structure has a bottom opening slot that said respective illuminating unit is received along said bottom opening slot to securely retain said illuminating unit in position. 5. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 3, wherein each of said awning arms having a U-shaped cross structure has a bottom opening slot that said respective illuminating unit is received along said bottom opening slot to securely retain said illuminating unit in position. 6. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 1, wherein said awning frame further comprises a central hub and a plurality of folding ribs pivotally and radially extended from said central hub to pivotally connect with said awning arms respectively such that when said central hub is driven downwardly, said awning arms are pivotally folded to fold up said awning, and when said central hub is driven upwardly, said awning arms are pivotally folded to tensionally stretch out said awning for providing said shadowing area thereunder. 7. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 6, wherein said illuminating units are mounted to said folding ribs respectively, wherein each of said illuminating units comprises a plurality of illuminators spacedly mounted along said respective folding rib and an extension wire extended along said respective folding rib to electrically connect said illuminators with said power unit. 8. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 7, wherein each of said illuminating unit further comprises a tubular light housing receiving said illuminators and said extension wire therein such that said illuminators generate light to penetrate through said light housing for illuminating said shadowing area of said awning. 9. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 8, wherein each of said folding ribs having a U-shaped cross structure has a bottom opening slot that said respective illuminating unit is received along said bottom opening slot to securely retain said illuminating unit in position. 10. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 6, wherein said illuminating units are mounted to said awning arms and said folding ribs respectively, wherein each of said illuminating units comprises a plurality of illuminators spacedly mounted along said respective awning arm and said respective folding rib and an extension wire extended along said respective awning arm and said respective folding rib to electrically connect said illuminators with said power unit. 11. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 10, wherein each of said illuminating unit further comprises a tubular light housing receiving said illuminators and said extension wire therein such that said illuminators generate light to penetrate through said light housing for illuminating said shadowing area of said awning. 12. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 11, wherein each of said awning arms and said folding ribs having a U-shaped cross structure has a bottom opening slot that said respective illuminating unit is received along said bottom opening slot to securely retain said illuminating unit in position. 13. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 6, wherein said lighting system further comprises a central illuminator suspendedly supported by said central hub to electrically connect with said power unit for providing extra illumination of said shadowing area. 14. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 9, wherein said lighting system further comprises a central illuminator suspendedly supported by said central hub to electrically connect with said power unit for providing extra illumination of said shadowing area. 15. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 12, wherein said lighting system further comprises a central illuminator suspendedly supported by said central hub to electrically connect with said power unit for providing extra illumination of said shadowing area. 16. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 13, wherein said central illuminator comprises a mounting hub, having a plurality of radial extending arms, securely mounted to said central hub and a plurality of illuminating elements pivotally mounted to said radial extending arms respectively such that each of said illuminating elements is adapted to pivotally fold to selectively adjust an illumination orientation for illuminating said shadowing area. 17. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 14, wherein said central illuminator comprises a mounting hub, having a plurality of radial extending arms, securely mounted to said central hub and a plurality of illuminating elements pivotally mounted to said radial extending arms respectively such that each of said illuminating elements is adapted to pivotally fold to selectively adjust an illumination orientation for illuminating said shadowing area. 18. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 15, wherein said central illuminator comprises a mounting hub, having a plurality of radial extending arms, securely mounted to said central hub and a plurality of illuminating elements pivotally mounted to said radial extending arms respectively such that each of said illuminating elements is adapted to pivotally fold to selectively adjust an illumination orientation for illuminating said shadowing area. 19. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 9, wherein said lighting system further comprises a detachable illuminator detachably mounting to said awning frame, wherein said detachable illuminator comprises a detachable clip detachably mounting to one of said awning arms and said folding ribs, and a-supplement illuminator downwardly extended from said detachable clip to electrically connect to said power unit such that said detachable illuminator is adapted to be selectively mounted to said awning frame to provide an illumination for said shadowing area. 20. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 12, wherein said lighting system further comprises a detachable illuminator detachably mounting to said awning frame, wherein said detachable illuminator comprises a detachable clip detachably mounting to one of said awning arms and said folding ribs, and a supplement illuminator downwardly extended from said detachable clip to electrically connect to said power unit such that said detachable illuminator is adapted to be selectively mounted to said awning frame to provide an illumination for said shadowing area. 21. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 18, wherein said lighting system further comprises a detachable illuminator detachably mounting to said awning frame, wherein said detachable illuminator comprises a detachable clip detachably mounting to one of said awning arms and said folding ribs, and a supplement illuminator downwardly extended from said detachable clip to electrically connect to said power unit such that said detachable illuminator is adapted to be selectively mounted to said awning frame to provide an illumination for said shadowing area. 22. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 1, wherein said power unit comprises a solar energy collector pivotally mounted on top of said awning frame for collecting solar energy and transforming said solar energy into an electrical energy to said lighting system. 23. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 5, wherein said power unit comprises a solar energy collector pivotally mounted on top of said awning frame for collecting solar energy and transforming said solar energy into an electrical energy to said lighting system. 24. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 9, wherein said power unit comprises a solar energy collector pivotally mounted on top of said awning frame for collecting solar energy and transforming said solar energy into an electrical energy to said lighting system. 25. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 12, wherein said power unit comprises a solar energy collector pivotally mounted on top of said awning frame for collecting solar energy and transforming said solar energy into an electrical energy to said lighting system. 26. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 21, wherein said power unit comprises a solar energy collector pivotally mounted on top of said awning frame for collecting solar energy and transforming said solar energy into an electrical energy to said lighting system. 27. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 22, wherein said power unit further comprises a rechargeable battery which is supported by said supporting frame and is electrically connected to said solar energy collector for storing said electrical energy as a power source for said lighting system. 28. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 23, wherein said power unit further comprises a rechargeable battery which is supported by said supporting frame and is electrically connected to said solar energy collector for storing said electrical energy as a power source for said lighting system. 29. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 24, wherein said power unit further comprises a rechargeable battery which is supported by said supporting frame and is electrically connected to said solar energy collector for storing said electrical energy as a power source for said lighting system. 30. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 25, wherein said power unit further comprises a rechargeable battery which is supported by said supporting frame and is electrically connected to said solar energy collector for storing said electrical energy as a power source for said lighting system. 31. The outdoor umbrella, as recited in claim 26, wherein said power unit further comprises a rechargeable battery which is supported by said supporting frame and is electrically connected to said solar energy collector for storing said electrical energy as a power source for said lighting system. 