A solar-powered crosswalk warning system is disclosed. The crosswalk warning system comprises two or more crosswalk warning beacons, located on opposite sides of the road. Each beacon comprises a solar panel to recharge a battery, a battery back, a control unit to charge the battery pack during daylight hours, a communication unit to communicate to the second crosswalk beacon, a traffic signal lamp ton warn oncoming traffic, and a triggering means by which the pedestrian can activate the beacons.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A crosswalk warning assembly comprising: a battery; a solar panel to charge said battery; a communication system adapted to communicate with a similar companion crosswalk warning assembly; a warning light to signal oncoming traffic; and, a manual triggering means for activating said communication system and said signal lights. 2. The crosswalk assembly of claim 1 wherein said communication system and said signal lights are powered by said battery. 3. The crosswalk assembly of claim 2 further comprising a control unit to manage the charging of said battery from the output of said solar panel; 4. The crosswalk assembly of claim 1 wherein said communication system is adapted to respond to activation of said manual triggering means by communicating with a similar companion crosswalk assembly. 5. The crosswalk assembly of claim 4 wherein said communication system is wireless and comprises radio receiver and transmitter means. 6. The crosswalk assembly of claim 5 wherein said power management control unit, said signal lights and said communication system are powered by said battery. 7. The crosswalk assembly of claim 4 further comprising software for coordinating the operation of signal lights of said crosswalk assembly with the operation of signal lights of a similar companion crosswalk assembly. 8. The crosswalk assembly of claim 6 further comprising software for synchronizing the operation of signal lights of said crosswalk assembly with the operation of signal lights of a similar companion crosswalk assembly. 9. The crosswalk assembly of claim 8 wherein said software for coordinating the operation of signal lights controls a feature of said operation from among the set of features comprising the timing of the flashing of the signal lights, the duration of the operation of the signal lights and delays between uses. 10. The crosswalk assembly of claim 2 further comprising a housing containing said communication system and said battery, said housing also supporting said solar panel. 11. The crosswalk assembly of claim 10 wherein said housing is pivotable about a horizontal axis. 12. The crosswalk assembly of cliam 11 wherein said housing is pivotable about a vertical axis. 13. The crosswalk assembly of claim 10, 11 or 12 wherein said solar panel is protected from the elements by being encased in a layer of clear polymer. 14. The crosswalk assembly of claim 8 wherein activation of said triggering means causes said radio receiver and transmitter means to enter into transmit-only mode for a predetermined time. 15. The crosswalk assembly of claim 8 wherein receipt by said radio receiver and transmitter means of a master timing beacon causes said radio receiver and transmitter means to enter into receive-only mode for a predetermined time. 16. The crosswalk assembly of claim 15 wherein said control unit causes at least one of said lights to illuminate each time a signal is received by said radio receiver and transmitter means indicating that a light on a separate crosswalk assembly has turned on or off. 17. A multiple crosswalk assembly system comprising three crosswalk assemblies as in claim 1, one of said crosswalk assemblies being located in the middle of a crosswalk and mounted on a post or suspended from overhead wires. 18. A crosswalk assembly comprising: a battery; a solar panel to charge said battery; a communication system adapted to communicate with a similar companion crosswalk warning assembly; a warning light to signal oncoming traffic; and, remote manual triggering and transmitted means for communicating to said communication system an activation of said manual triggering means. 19. The crosswalk warning assembly of claim 7 wherein said control unit is adapted to monitor said communication system for receipt of a signal indicating that the crosswalk warning assembly is to be remotely programmed. 20. The crosswalk warning assembly of claim 9 wherein said software is programmed to cause said lights to flash at specified hours for a specified period of time. 