A sunshade includes a post, a radio module mounted on the post for receiving signals from a broadcaster, and a power module mounted on the sunshade for supplying power to the radio module. In an embodiment, the power module is a solar energy device that receives solar energy and transforms solar energy into electricity. In another embodiment, the power module includes a tubular member attached to a lower end of the post and a batter-receiving member releasably mounted in the tubular member.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A sunshade comprising: a post; a radio module mounted on the post, the radio module being adapted to receive signals from a broadcaster; and a power module mounted on the sunshade for supplying power to the radio module. 2. The sunshade as claimed in claim 1, further including: a rib-mounting member mounted on the post; a plurality of ribs each having an upper end pivotally connected to the rib-mounting member; a runner slidably mounted on the post; and a plurality of stretchers each having an upper end pivotally connected to an intermediate portion of an associated one of the ribs and a lower end pivotally connected to the runner. 3. The sunshade as claimed in claim 1, wherein the power module is a solar energy device that receives solar energy and transforms solar energy into electricity. 4. The sunshade as claimed in claim 3, wherein the solar energy device includes a photoelectric plate and at least one solar battery electrically connected to the photoelectric plate. 5. The sunshade as claimed in claim 2, wherein the power module is a solar energy device that receives solar energy and transforms solar energy into electricity. 6. The sunshade as claimed in claim 5, wherein the solar energy device includes a housing, with a photoelectric plate and at least one solar battery being received in the housing, with at least one solar battery being electrically connected to the photoelectric plate. 7. The sunshade as claimed in claim 6, further including at least one solar energy collecting member pivotally mounted to the housing, said at least one solar energy collecting member including at least one photoelectric plate electrically connected to said at least one solar battery, said at least one solar energy collecting member being pivoted when the ribs move from a folded state to an unfolded state. 8. The sunshade as claimed in claim 1, wherein the power module includes a tubular member releasably connected to a lower end of the post, the power module further including a battery-receiving member releasably received in the tubular member and a battery unit received in the battery-receiving member. 9. The sunshade as claimed in claim 1, wherein the radio module includes a casing consisting of two casing halves securely connected together and mounted around the post, the casing including a circuit board and a loud speaker mounted therein, the loud speaker being electrically connected to the circuit board, the casing further including a control panel section and a control plate mounted to the control panel section, a plurality of control elements being mounted on the control panel and extending beyond the control panel section for manual operation. 10. The sunshade as claimed in claim 9, wherein the control panel section is a recessed section of the casing, further including a lid mounted to the casing and slidable between a first position in which the control panel section is hidden by the lid and a second position in which the control panel section is exposed for manual operation. 11. The sunshade as claimed in claim 10, wherein the post includes a slot into which the control panel extends. 12. The sunshade as claimed in claim 10, wherein each said casing half includes a groove in an upper end thereof, further including a gasket mounted in the grooves of the casing halves for preventing water from entering the casing. 13. The sunshade as claimed in claim 9, wherein the circuit board further includes a wire electrically connected to the post, thereby forming an antenna for receiving the signals from the broadcaster. 14. The sunshade as claimed in claim 9, wherein the power module is a solar energy device that receives solar energy and transforms solar energy into electricity. 15. The sunshade as claimed in claim 14, wherein the solar energy device includes a housing, with a photoelectric plate and at least one solar battery being received in the housing, with at least one solar battery being electrically connected to the photoelectric plate. 16. The sunshade as claimed in claim 15, further including at least one solar energy collecting member pivotally mounted to the housing, said at least one solar energy collecting member including at least one photoelectric plate electrically connected to said at least one solar battery, said at least one solar energy collecting member being pivoted when the ribs move from a folded state to an unfolded state. 17. The sunshade as claimed in claim 16, wherein said at least one solar battery is electrically connected to the circuit board and thus supplies power to the circuit board. 18. The sunshade as claimed in claim 9, wherein the power module includes a tubular member releasably connected to a lower end of the post, the power module further including a battery-receiving member releasably received in the tubular member and a battery unit received in the battery-receiving member. 19. The sunshade as claimed in claim 18, wherein the battery unit includes a positive pole and a negative pole that are electrically connected to the circuit board. 20. The sunshade as claimed in claim 19, wherein the battery unit includes a positive pole and a negative pole that are respectively and electrically connected to two conductive pins, further including a connecting member mounted in the tubular member and having a conductive member in a central portion thereof and an annular conductive member that is spaced from the conductive member, the conductive pins being respectively, electrically connected to the conductive member and the annular conductive member of the connecting member, the conductive member and the annular conductive member being electrically connected to the circuit board. 