An integrated, modular solar collector comprising an array of solar collection devices, wherein the array of solar collection devices is mounted in a frame providing for air flow between the devices.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A modular solar collector for mounting on the exterior face of a building comprising an array of at least one type of solar collection device, wherein the array of solar collection devices is mounted in a frame providing for air flow between the devices. 2. The modular solar collector of claim 1, wherein a first of the at least one types of solar collection device comprised in the array comprises an air transpirant collector, and a second type of solar collection device comprised in the array comprises a panel provided with at least one duct leading to the interior of the building and an intake device for inducing air intake from the exterior of the building to the interior of the building, said first type of solar collection device being in airflow communication with the second type of solar collection device. 3. The modular solar collector of claim 2, wherein the intake device is a fan. 4. The modular solar collector of claim 3, wherein the fan is powered by a photovoltaic cell provided on the second type of solar collection device. 5. The modular solar collector of claim 4, wherein the ratio of the surface area of the photovoltaic cell provided on the second type of solar collection device to the total surface area of the second type of solar collection device is at least 3.5:100. 6. The modular solar collector of claim 1, wherein the at least one type of solar collection device comprises a combination solar collector panel, said combination solar collector panel comprising: a panel surface comprising a transpirant collector; at least one duct leading to the interior of the building; an intake device for inducing air intake from the exterior of the building to the interior of the building; a photovoltaic cell for powering the intake device, wherein the ratio of the surface area of the photovoltaic cell to the surface area comprising a transpirant collector is at least 3.5:96.5. 7. The modular solar collector of claim 1, wherein the frame comprises frame components, each said component comprising: a one transverse wall; a first pair of shelves for mounting panels extending from a first surface of the transverse wall; and a complementary pair of shelves extending from a second surface of the transverse wall; such that a channel for air flow is defined by fitting the pair of complementary shelves against a pair of complementary shelves provided by a second frame component, and a solar collection device is mountable against one of the shelves or complementary shelves; wherein the frame comprises a plurality of frame components fitted together to define channels for air flow between the solar collection devices. 8. The modular solar collector of claim 7, wherein at least one opening is defined in the frame components to permit air flow between adjacent solar collection devices. 9. A frame component for mounting a solar collector panel, comprising a transverse wall; a first pair of shelves for mounting panels extending from a first surface of the transverse wall; and a complementary pair of shelves extending from a second surface of the transverse wall; such that a channel is defined by fitting the pair of complementary shelves against a pair of complementary shelves provided by a second frame component, and a solar collector panel is adjacent to one of the first shelves. 10. The frame component of claim 9 wherein the first shelves are each provided with an adjacent open bore. 11. The frame component of claim 10 wherein an edge of the solar collector panel is mountable within the adjacent open bore. 12. A method for mounting a solar collector panel, comprising the steps of: providing a pair of frame components for each edge of the solar collector panel, each frame component comprising: a transverse wall; a first pair of shelves for mounting panels extending from a first surface of the transverse wall, each of the first pair of shelves being provided with an adjacent open bore; and a complementary pair of shelves extending from a second surface of the transverse wall; such that a channel is defined by fitting the pair of complementary shelves against a pair of complementary shelves provided by a second frame component; for each edge of the solar collector panel, fitting one frame component of a pair of frame components to the second frame component of the pair of frame components such that the pairs of complementary shelves provided on the first and second frame components define a channel for air flow, and mounting the edge of the solar collector panel in an open bore adjacent one of the shelves of the first pair of shelves. 13. The method of claim 12, further comprising the step of disposing fasteners in the remaining open bores provided on each frame component to fix the frame components. 