A super-enhanced aquatic floating island plant habitat that is adjustably buoyant and optionally biodegradable. The first embodiment is comprised of a thermoplastic elastomer, a mat, soil/flotation chambers, apertures, nutrient channels, buoyant waterscape options, and a tethering system. The floating island can include monitors that measure water and atmospheric conditions, dispensers for fish food or chemicals, and a water agitation/oxygenation device. Another embodiment comprises a positively buoyant soil matrix contained within a water-permeable bag. Another embodiment comprises a flotation collar, an outrigger, and one or more water-permeable bladders containing negatively or neutrally buoyant bedding soil. The present invention also covers an aquarium-scale floating island and submersible planter, a plant containment bag made out of thermoplastic elastomer, and several methods of adjusting the buoyancy of a floating island. A method of manufacturing a floating island comprising molded thermoplastic elastomer.
Claims 1. A floating island comprising a layer of thermoplastic elastomer or similarly adjustably buoyant material, wherein the layer of thermoplastic elastomer is molded to the shape of the floating island. 2. The floating island of claim 1, wherein the buoyancy of the layer of thermoplastic elastomer is adjusted to achieve maximum plant growth. 3. The floating island of claim 1, wherein the color, transparency or opacity, texture, flexibility and shape of the layer of thermoplastic elastomer are separately adjustable. 4. The floating island of claim 1, wherein the layer of thermoplastic elastomer is puncturable, thereby allowing plant roots and other plant components to occur within, above and below it. 5. The floating island of claim 1, wherein the layer of thermoplastic elastomer is puncturable, resulting in a mass of plant growth underneath the floating island. 6. The floating island of claim 5, wherein the mass of plant growth acts as a natural algae control. 7. The floating island of claim 1, wherein the top surface of the layer of thermoplastic elastomer is flat. 8. The floating island of claim 1, wherein the top surface of the layer of thermoplastic elastomer is irregular. 9. The floating island of claim 1, wherein the bottom surface of the layer of thermoplastic elastomer is flat. 10. The floating island of claim 1, wherein the bottom surface of the layer of thermoplastic elastomer is irregular. 11. The floating island of claim 1, wherein there are vertical holes in the layer of thermoplastic elastomer. 12. The floating island of claim 1, wherein the edges of the layer of thermoplastic elastomer are shaped so as to prevent animals from boarding the floating island. 13. The floating island of claim 1, wherein the layer of thermoplastic elastomer comprises soil/flotation chambers, apertures, and nutrient channels (collectively, the "nutrient channel network"). 14. The floating island of claim 13, wherein the layer of thermoplastic elastomer is constructed so that the rate of water flux passing through the island structure equals the plant evapotranspiration rate plus the net rate of pond water flow into the nutrient channel network. 15. The floating island of claim 13, wherein the soil/flotation chambers are filled with buoyant material. 16. The floating island of claim 15, wherein the buoyant material is closed-cell foam. 17. The floating island of claim 13, wherein the apertures contain plant bulbs, roots, bedding plants, soil with seeds, or any other plant form. 18. The floating island of claim 13, wherein the height and width of the apertures are adjustable to accommodate particular plants. 19. The floating island of claim 13, wherein the nutrient channels run between the apertures and the soil/flotation chambers. 20. The floating island of claim 19, wherein the nutrient channel penetrate the bottom and sides of the layer of thermoplastic elastomer. 21. The floating island of claim 19, wherein the nutrient channels do not penetrate the bottom and sides of the layer of thermoplastic elastomer. 22. The floating island of claim 19, wherein the width and length of the nutrient channels are designed to manage the buildup of anaerobic bacteria. 23. A floating island comprising a layer of biodegradable material, wherein the layer of biodegradable material is conformed to the shape of and attached onto the floating island. 24. A floating island comprising a layer of biodegradable material, wherein the layer of biodegradable material is molded to the shape of the floating island. 25. A floating island comprising a mat, wherein the mat is made of synthetic or natural materials, or any combination thereof, and wherein the mat is impregnated with any combination of buoyant fibers, buoyant structures, nutrients, seeds, or any other plant material. 26. The floating island of claim 25, wherein the mat further comprises an agent that enhances root growth and overall plant development. 27. The floating island of claim 25, wherein the color of the mat is adjustable. 28. The floating island of claim 25, wherein the mat is made of a nonwoven polyester fiber material. 29. The floating island of claim 25, wherein the mat is made of a nonwoven nylon fiber material. 30. The floating island of claim 25, wherein the mat is made of a nonwoven vinyl fiber material. 31. The floating island of claim 25, wherein abrasive particles are adhered to the bottom of the mat. 32. The floating island of claim 31, wherein the abrasive particles are comprised of glass. 33. The floating island of claim 31, wherein the abrasive particles are comprised of sand. 34. A floating island comprising the layer of thermoplastic elastomer of claim 1 and the mat of claim 25. 35. The floating island of claim 34, wherein the mat is set back from the edge of the layer of thermoplastic elastomer to prevent animals from boarding the floating island. 36. A floating island comprising bedding soil, wherein the bedding soil is impregnated with gas-filled, closed cell buoyant nodules. 37. The floating island of claim 36, wherein the bedding soil comprises an agent that enhances root growth and overall plant development. 38. A floating island comprising the layer of thermoplastic elastomer of claim 1 and the bedding soil of claim 36. 39. A floating island comprising the mat of claim 25 and the bedding soil of claim 36. 40. The floating island of claim 13, wherein the soil/flotation chambers are filled with the bedding soil of claim 36. 41. A floating island comprising any combination of a layer of thermoplastic elastomer, a mat, and bedding soil. 42. The floating island of claims 1, 23, 24, 25, 36 or 41, further comprising an agent for controlling biological growth. 43. The floating island of claim 42, wherein the agent is barley straw. 44. The floating island of claims 1, 23, 24, 25, 36 or 41, further comprising an agent for controlling pH. 45. The floating island of claims 1, 23, 24, 25, 36 or 41, further comprising an agent for controlling dissolved oxygen levels. 46. The floating island of claims 1, 23, 24, 25, 36 or 41, further comprising a tethering system, wherein the tethering system comprises a net device that extends below the floating island and that is attached to one or more anchors. 47. The floating island of claim 46, wherein the tethering system further comprises a rope or cable that connects the floating island to the shore. 48. The floating island of claim 46, wherein the tethering system further comprises an anchor line fabricated from thermoplastic elastomer. 49. The floating island of claim 48, wherein the anchor line is hollow. 50. The floating island of claim 49, wherein the anchor line is attached to a shore-mounted air compressor. 51. The floating island of claim 49, wherein the anchor line is attached to an air compressor mounted directly on the floating island. 52. The floating island of claims 1, 23, 24, 25, 36 or 41, further comprising a means for providing power to the floating island. 53. The floating island of claims 1, 23, 24, 25, 36 or 41, further comprising a means for obtaining sensory information from the floating island. 54. The floating island of claims 1, 23, 24, 25, 36 or 41, further comprising a means for distributing fish food or insecticide on or around the island. 55. The floating island of claims 1, 23, 24, 25, 36 or 41, further comprising one or more water conditioning or filtration unit(s). 56. A floating island comprising an air compressor that is powered by one or more stationary solar panels. 57. A floating island comprising an air compressor that is powered by one or more solar panels that are controlled by a tracking system that automatically positions the solar panels at the most efficient orientation relative to the current sun position. 58. A floating island comprising buoyant waterscape options placed around the perimeter of the floating island. 59. A floating island comprising buoyant waterscape options placed on the floating island. 60. The floating island of claims 58 or 59, wherein the buoyant waterscape options comprise natural driftwood. 61. The floating island of claims 58 or 59, wherein the buoyant waterscape options comprise an outer layer of plastic netting or similar material, a layer of material that provides buoyancy neutral mass and acts as a shock absorber and growth medium, a layer of malleable material that determines and holds the shape of the buoyant waterscape option, and an inner layer comprised of air or a buoyant material such as closed-cell foam. 62. A floating island comprising more than one unit, wherein each unit comprises any combination of a layer of thermoplastic elastomer, a mat, and bedding soil. 63. A floating island comprising positively buoyant soil matrix and a water-permeable containment bag. 64. The floating island of claim 63, wherein the water-permeable containment bag contains holes in its surface for plants to emerge. 65. The floating island of claim 63, wherein the water-permeable containment bag is covered by a protective netting. 66. A floating island comprising a flotation collar, an outrigger, and one or more water-permeable bladders containing negatively or neutrally buoyant bedding soil. 67. The floating island of claim 66, wherein the flotation collar is made of thermoplastic elastomer, plastic foam, or other similar positively buoyant material. 68. The floating island of claim 66, wherein the outrigger is flexible. 69. The floating island of claim 66, wherein the outrigger is rigid. 70. A floating island comprising a first water-permeable bladder containing positively buoyant soil matrix and a second water-permeable bladder directly beneath it containing negatively or neutrally buoyant soil matrix, wherein the second water-permeable bladder is attached to the first water-permeable bladder by a tether. 71. The floating island of claim 70, wherein the second water-permeable bladder is covered by a protective netting. 72. The floating island of claim 70, in combination with any number of the outriggers and water-permeable bladders of claim 66. 73. A floating island comprising a thermoplastic elastomer matrix, molded cavities, and plants, wherein the plants are placed in the molded cavities. 74. The floating island of claim 73, further comprising air bubble inclusions in the thermoplastic elastomer matrix. 75. The floating island of claim 73, further comprising buoyant modules embedded in the thermomplastic elastomer matrix. 76. The floating island of claim 73, wherein the molded cavities contain growth medium. 77. The floating island of claim 73, wherein the molded cavities contain buoyant nodules. 78. The floating island of claim 73, wherein the molded cavities contain moisture-retaining material. 79. An aquarium-scale floating island comprising a thermoplastic elastomer shell, growth medium, and buoyant nodules. 80. The aquarium-scale floating island of claim 79, wherein the buoyant nodules are comprised of closed-cell polyethylene foam. 81. An aquarium-scale submersible planter comprising a heavy base, a shaft, and a container section, wherein the heavy base is comprised of an integral weight. 82. The aquarium-scale submersible planter of claim 81, wherein the container section comprises growth medium, buoyant nodules and submerged aquatic plants. 83. A plant containment bag comprising a thermoplastic elastomer shell. 84. The plant containment bag of claim 83, wherein there is a hole in the top of the thermoplastic elastomer shell for inserting a plant. 85. The plant containment bag of claim 83, wherein the plant containment bag is cylindrical in shape. 86. The plant containment bag of claim 83, further comprising growth medium and buoyant nodules. 87. The plant containment bag of claim 83, further comprising water retention material. 88. The plant containment bag of claim 87, wherein the water retention material is zeolite. 89. The plant containment bag of claim 87, wherein the water retention material is fine-stranded nonwoven mesh. 90. The plant containment bag of claim 87, wherein the water retention material is open-cell polymer foam. 91. The plant containment bag of claim 83, wherein an opening is cut in the bottom of the thermoplastic elastomer shell to allow water to readily reach the plant's roots. 92. A plant containment bag comprising a flotation pad, wherein the flotation pad comprises a flotation ring and buoyant inclusions. 93. The plant containment bag of claim 92, wherein the buoyant inclusions are comprised of lightweight foam. 94. The plant containment bag of claim 92, wherein the buoyant inclusions are comprised of air pockets. 95. A floating island comprising a shore monitoring station. 96. The floating island of claim 95, wherein the shore monitoring station comprises any combination of photovoltaic plates, an air pump, a water pump, an aeration device in close proximity to the floating island, a variety of sensors on, under or above the floating island, a timing device, and a warning light. 97. A method of adjusting the buoyancy of a floating island, wherein the floating island comprises a layer of thermoplastic elastomer, comprising adjusting the buoyancy of the layer of thermoplastic elastomer during manufacture. 98. The method of claim 97, wherein the buoyancy of the TPE is adjusted during manufacture by sparging air into the thermoplastic elastomer. 99. The method of claim 97, wherein the buoyancy of the thermoplastic elastomer is adjusted during manufacture by adjusting the ratios of polymers to plasticizers. 100. The method of claim 97, wherein the buoyancy of the thermoplastic elastomer is adjusted during manufacture by selecting the polymers used based on their specific gravities. 101. A method of adjusting the buoyancy of a floating island, wherein the floating island comprises a mat, comprising adjusting the buoyancy of the mat during manufacture by adding buoyant fibers to the mat. 102. A method of adjusting the buoyancy of a floating island, wherein the floating island comprises bedding soil, comprising adjusting the buoyancy of the bedding soil by adding closed-cell foam or other buoyant material to the bedding soil. 103. A method of adjusting the buoyancy of a floating island, wherein the floating island comprises an inflatable tube or tubes on, in or under the floating island and a means for inflating and deflating the tube(s), comprising adjusting the buoyancy of the floating island by inflating or deflating the tube(s). 104. A method of adjusting the buoyancy of a floating island, wherein the floating island comprises a variety of plants, comprising selecting the plants on the basis of their respective buoyancies. 105. A method of adjusting the buoyancy of a floating island, comprising inoculating the floating island with gas-producing microorganisms. 106. A method of manufacturing a floating island, comprising the steps of: (a) attaching a fastener to a cover board; (b) placing the cover board on top of a seeded mat; (c) placing positive mold components for soil/flotation chambers and apertures in hot thermoplastic elastomer to form a layer of thermoplastic elastomer; (d) placing the seeded mat on top of the layer of thermoplastic elastomer; (e) molding the bottom of the layer of thermoplastic elastomer to the desired configuration; and (f) pushing a sharp tube through the layer of thermoplastic elastomer to form nutrient channels. 