The invention relates to an operator system for an aperture member, such as a window or a door, comprising a fixed frame and removable means such as a movable sash, said operator system being designed for operating said movable means associated with said aperture member, e.g. for opening and closing of said aperture. The invention further relates to an aperture member, such as a window or a door, comprising a fixed frame and movable means such as a movable sash, said aperture member comprising an operator system for operating said movable means associated with said aperture member, e.g. for opening and closing of said aperture. The components of the system are designed in a modular manner and arranged for installation in e.g. a window prior to installation of said window in e.g., a wall and after installation of e.g. a window, an operator system according to the invention may readily be made operational.
Claims That which is claimed is: 1-19. (Cancelled). 20. An operator system integrated with an aperture member having a fixed frame and a movable component, the operator system comprising: an operator configured to operate the movable component relative to the aperture member; a power supply module for powering the operator system; a connection module configured to establish communication between the operator and the power supply module; and a receiving component disposed to receive control signals from a controller and configured to transmit the control signals to the operator to operate the movable component. 21. The operator system as in claim 20, wherein the power supply module is configured for connection to a mains power supply. 22. The operator system as in claim 20, wherein the power supply module includes means for storing power. 23. The operator system as in claim 22, wherein the means for storing power is a battery connectable to the connection module. 24. The operator system as in claim 22, wherein the means for storing power is configured to be rechargeable. 25. The operator system as in claim 24, wherein the means for storing power is configured to be recharged by a mains power supply or a solar cell power supply. 26. The operator system as in claim 20, wherein the receiving component is a receiver module connected to the connection module, the connection module configured to transmit the control signals to the operator. 27. The operator system as in claim 26, wherein the receiver module is disposed in the operator. 28. The operator system as in claim 20, wherein the receiving component is a transceiver and the controller is a complementary transceiver. 29. The operator system as in claim 20, wherein the controller is a portable remote control configured for electromagnetic communication. 30. The operator system as in claim 20, further comprising a connecting interface disposed between the receiving component and the connection module, the connecting interface connectable to the connection module to transmit the control signals from the receiving component to the operator. 31. The operator system as in claim 30, wherein the connecting interface is disposed in the operator. 32. The operator system as in claim 20, further comprising a sensor module connectable to the connection module for signaling the operator. 33. The operator system as in claim 32, wherein the sensor module senses at least one of a moisture level, a humidity level, a wind level, a temperature, a light intensity, an intrusion, an obstruction or combinations thereof and signals the operator to adjust the aperture member. 34. The operator system as in claim 20, further comprising a plurality of operators connected to the connection module configured to operate a respective plurality of movable components. 35. The operator system as in claim 20, wherein the movable component is one of a movable sash or a screening device selected from the group consisting of a window blind, a roller blind, a curtain, a blackout curtain, an awning and combinations thereof. 36. A method for forming an operator system according to claim 20, comprising the steps of: integrating elements of the operator system with the aperture member, the movable component, a movable frame, and combinations thereof; installing communication and power supply wiring in the fixed frame; and installing the aperture member in an aperture. 37. The method as in claim 36, further comprising the step of mounting a shield on the fixed frame to cover the elements of the operator system and the wiring. 38. The method as in claim 36, wherein the aperture member is a door or a window. 39. An aperture kit for new construction or retrofit installation, the aperture kit comprising: an aperture member configured for installation in an aperture and having means for movable operation relative to the aperture member; and an operator system integrated with the aperture member and including a connection module, an operator, a power module, a receiver module, and a controller, wherein the connection module centrally connects the operator, the power module, and the receiver module for communication with each other, and wherein the receiver module is disposed to receive control signals from the controller and configured to transmit the control signals to the operator to drive the means for movable operation relative to the aperture member. 40. The aperture kit as in claim 39, wherein the aperture member is a frame having a frame opening therein and the means for opening, closing, or screening the aperture member is a movable sash, or a screening device selected from the group consisting of a window blind, a roller blind, a curtain, a blackout curtain, an awning and combinations thereof, the movable sash or the screening device configured to open, close, or screen the frame opening. 41. The aperture kit as in claim 40, wherein the frame is a door frame or a window frame. 42. The aperture kit as in claim 40, further comprising a plurality of wires integrated in the frame. 43. The operator system as in claim 42, further comprising a shield for covering the integrated operator system and the plurality of wires. 44. The aperture kit as in claim 42, wherein the wiring provides power from a mains power supply to the power module and from the power module to the operator and the receiver module. 45. The aperture kit as in claim 42, wherein the power module includes a battery in communication with a charging device via the wiring, the charging device configured to charge the battery. 46. The aperture kit as in claim 39, further comprising a connecting interface attached to the aperture member to establish communications between the receiver module and the connection module. 47. The aperture kit as in claim 39, wherein the receiver module and the controller communicate via infrared or radio frequency signals. 48. The aperture kit as in claim 39, further comprising a sensor module connectable to the connection module for signaling the operator. 49. The aperture kit as in claim 48, wherein the sensor module senses at least one of a moisture level, a humidity level, a wind level, a temperature, a light intensity, an intrusion, an obstruction or combinations thereof and signals the operator to close or screen the aperture member. 50. The aperture kit as in claim 39, further comprising a plurality of operators connected to the connection module configured to drive the means for movable operation relative to the aperture member. 