This invention allows a video network camera to be mounted directly against a window or other transparent surface without any additional mounting hardware. The network camera can be mounted both inside and outside of a window without additional mounting hardware. A novel mounting apparatus in conjunction with an adjustable video sensor allows the user to quickly mount and make adjustments to the viewing angle of the network camera, thus reducing installation time and installation costs. In addition, the network camera can be mounted to walls, ceilings and other surfaces as necessary by using a second mounting assembly.
Claims 1. A network video camera mounting system comprising: A .an adjustable video sensor assembly wherein said video sensor assembly further comprises an image sensor and a network camera lens, wherein said video sensor assembly allows the viewing angle of said image sensor to be changed by a adjustment method selected from the group consisting of manually, mechanically or electronically; B. a mounting assembly; C. a network interface which transmits images from said image sensor; D. a low profile housing which further comprises said adjustable video sensor assembly; and E. wherein said mounting assembly is attached to said low profile housing and wherein said mounting assembly performs the function of flush mounting: 2. A network video camera mounting system, as recited in claim 1, wherein said low profile housing further comprises a mounting point and wherein said mounting assembly is connected to said mounting point. 3. A network video camera mounting system as recited in claim 2, wherein said mounting point connects to said mounting assembly with a connector selected from the group consisting of threads, screws, snaps, rivets, plugs, Velcro, connectors, spring material, compression material, and pins. 4. A network video camera mounting system, as recited in claim 2, wherein said mounting point is selected from the group consisting of a front mounting point, a side mounting point, a top mounting point, bottom rear mounting point, a rear mounting point and a clip-on attachment point. 5. A network video camera mounting system, as recited in claim 4, wherein said mounting assembly is selected from the group consisting of a suction cup mounting assembly a multi-purpose suction cup mounting assembly, a multi-purpose flat mounting assembly, a clip-on suction cup mounting assembly and a bracket mounting assembly. 6. A network video camera mounting system, as recited in claim 1, wherein said adjustable video sensor assembly is remotely adjustable. 7. A network video camera mounting system, as recited in claim 1, wherein said video sensor assembly is electronically remotely adjustable via sensor resolution and wide angle optics. 8. A network video camera mounting system, as recited in claim 1, wherein images from said image sensor can be seen remotely over a network. 9. A network video camera mounting system, as recited in claim 8, wherein said network is a network selected from the group consisting of a power line network, a wireless network, an acoustic network, a wired network, the Internet, a Local Area Network, a Wide Area Network, and an optic network. 10. A network video camera mounting system, as recited in claim 1, wherein said housing is weatherproof. 11. A network video camera mounting system, as recited in claim 1, wherein said image sensor is powered from a power source selected from the group consisting of solar power, battery power, AC power, and DC power. 12. A network video camera mounting system, as recited in claim 1, wherein a back cover is connected to the rear of said housing. 13. A network video camera mounting system as recited in claim 1, wherein a flush mounting back cover is connected to the rear of said housing. 14. A network video camera mounting system as recited in claim 1, wherein said adjustable video sensor assembly further comprises a network camera lens. 15. A network video camera mounting system as recited in claim 1, wherein said image sensor views images through a glare shield that is flush with a surface selected from the group consisting of a window and a transparent medium. 16. A network video camera mounting system as recited in claim 1, wherein said image sensor views images through a transparent medium. 17. A network video camera mounting system as recited in claim 16, wherein said transparent medium is a window. 18. A network video camera mounting system as recited in claim 1 wherein said network interface is connected to a device selected from the group consisting of a bridge, a hub, a switch, a router, a gateway, and a power adapter. 19. A network video camera mounting system as recited in claim 1 wherein said network interface is connected to a network device wherein said network device converts from one protocol to another. 20. A network video camera mounting system as recited in claim 1 wherein said network device is a device selected from the group consisting of a hub, a router, a bridge, a gateway, a power line adapter, and a switch. 21. A network video camera mounting system as recited in claim 1 wherein said network interface further comprises a bandwidth allocation system. 22. A network video camera mounting system as recited in claim 1 wherein said network camera stores images in a storage device. 23. A network video camera mounting system comprising: A. an adjustable video sensor assembly wherein said video sensor assembly further comprises an image sensor and a network camera lens, wherein said video sensor assembly allows the viewing angle of said image sensor to be changed by a adjustment method selected from the group consisting of manually, mechanically or electronically; B. a multi-purpose flat mounting assembly; C. a network interface which transmits images from said image sensor; D. a low profile housing which further comprises said adjustable video sensor assembly; and E. wherein said multi-mounting flat assembly is attached to said low profile housing and wherein said mounting assembly performs the function of flat mounting. 