A photovoltaic cell having a substrate with at least one curved surface reduces the number of processing steps necessary to manufacture a completed cell. Such a photovoltaic cell can have semiconductor material on the outer surface of a curved substrate or on the inner surface of a curved substrate.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A photovoltaic cell comprising a substrate having a curved surface and a first semiconductor material on the surface. 2. The photovoltaic cell of claim 1 wherein the surface is concave. 3. The photovoltaic cell of claim 1 wherein the surface is convex. 4. The photovoltaic cell of claim 1 wherein the substrate has a polygonal cross section. 5. The photovoltaic cell of claim 1 wherein the substrate includes a low iron glass. 6. The photovoltaic cell of claim 1 wherein the substrate includes a low expansion glass. 7. The photovoltaic cell of claim 1 wherein the substrate includes a soda lime glass. 8. The photovoltaic cell of claim 1 wherein the substrate includes a borosilicate glass. 9. The photovoltaic cell of claim 1 further comprising a bottom layer between the curved surface and the first semiconductor material. 10. The photovoltaic cell of claim 9 wherein the bottom layer includes a conductive material. 11. The photovoltaic cell of claim 10 wherein the conductive material is a transparent conductive layer. 12. The photovoltaic cell of claim 10 wherein the conductive material is a transparent conductive oxide. 13. The photovoltaic cell of claim 10 wherein the conductive material includes a tin oxide 14. The photovoltaic cell of claim 9 further comprising a second semiconductor material between the first semiconductor material and the bottom layer. 15. The photovoltaic cell of claim 14 wherein the second semiconductor material includes a binary semiconductor. 16. The photovoltaic cell of claim 15 wherein the binary semiconductor is a Group II-VI semiconductor. 17. The photovoltaic cell of claim 1 wherein the first semiconductor material is CdS. 18. The photovoltaic cell of claim 14 wherein the second semiconductor material is CdTe. 19. The photovoltaic cell of claim 9 further comprising a buffer layer in contact with the bottom layer and between the bottom layer and the first semiconductor material. 20. The photovoltaic cell of claim 14 further comprising a top layer covering at least a portion of the first semiconductor material. 21. The photovoltaic cell of claim 20 wherein the top layer includes a metal. 22. The photovoltaic cell of claim 9 further comprising an electrical conductor electrically connected to the bottom layer. 23. The photovoltaic cell of claim 20 further comprising an electrical conductor connected to the top layer. 24. The photovoltaic cell of claim 1 wherein the substrate has an annular cross section and includes: a first end; a second end opposite the first end; an inner surface connecting the first end and the second end; and an outer surface opposite the inner surface. 25. The photovoltaic cell of claim 24 wherein the substrate is a glass tube. 26. The photovoltaic cell of claim 24 wherein the semiconductor material is on a portion of the inner surface of the substrate. 27. The photovoltaic cell of claim 20 wherein the substrate has an annular cross section and includes: a first end; a second end opposite the first end; an inner surface connecting the first end and the second end; and an outer surface opposite the inner surface. 28. The photovoltaic cell of claim 27 further comprising a first electrical connection connected to the top layer. 29. The photovoltaic cell of claim 28 further comprising a second electrical connection connected to the bottom layer. 30. The photovoltaic cell of claim 28 wherein the first end seals around the first electrical connection. 31. The photovoltaic cell of claim 29 wherein the second end seals around the second electrical connection. 32. The photovoltaic cell of claim 26 wherein the inner surface, the first end and the second end form a chamber. 33. The photovoltaic cell of claim 32 wherein the chamber contains a gas having a pressure less than atmospheric pressure. 34. The photovoltaic cell of claim 32 wherein the chamber contains an inert gas. 35. The photovoltaic cell of 34 wherein the inert gas is helium, argon, nitrogen, or a combination thereof. 36. The photovoltaic cell of claim 24 wherein the first semiconductor material is on a portion of the outer surface of the substrate. 37. A method of making a photovoltaic cell comprising forming a coating of a semiconductor material on a curved surface of a substrate. 38. The method of claim 37 further comprising extruding the substrate prior to coating the substrate. 39. The method of claim 37 further comprising coating the extruding substrate. 40. The method of claim 38 further comprising cutting the substrate to predetermined dimensions. 41. The method of claim 38 wherein forming a coating includes depositing a layer of a semiconductor material on a portion of a surface of the substrate. 42. The method of claim 40 wherein forming a coating includes generating a substantially uniform thickness layer on a portion of the surface of the substrate. 43. The method of claim 38 wherein forming a coating on a surface includes depositing a chemical vapor on the surface. 44. The method of claim 38 wherein the surface is a curved inner surface of the substrate. 45. The method of claim 38 wherein the surface is a curved outer surface of the substrate. 46. The method of claim 38 wherein forming the coating includes directing a deposition element adjacent to an inner surface of the curved substrate and depositing a chemical vapor on the surface. 47. A method of generating electricity comprising: exposing a photovoltaic cell having a curved surface to a light source. 48. The method of claim 47 further comprising collecting charge generated by exposing the photovoltaic cell to the light source. 49. The method of claim 48 wherein collecting charge includes transporting the charge to an electrical demand source. 50. The method of claim 49 wherein transporting the charge to an electrical demand source includes storing the charge in a storage device. 51. The method of claim 47 wherein the curved surface is a substrate of the photovoltaic cell, the photovoltaic cell includes a first semiconductor material on the surface. 52. The method of claim 51 wherein the surface is concave. 53. The method of claim 51 wherein the surface is convex. 54. The method of claim 51 wherein the substrate has a polygonal cross section. 55. The method of claim 51 wherein the substrate includes a low iron glass. 56. The method of claim 51 wherein the substrate includes a low expansion glass. 57. The method of claim 51 wherein the substrate includes a borosilicate glass. 58. The method of claim 51 further comprising a bottom layer between the curved surface and the first semiconductor material. 59. The method of claim 58 wherein the bottom layer includes a conductive material. 60. The method of claim 58 wherein the conductive material is a transparent conductive layer. 61. The method of claim 59 wherein the conductive material is a transparent conductive oxide. 62. The method of claim 59 wherein the conductive material includes a tin oxide. 63. The method of claim 58 further comprising a second semiconductor material between the first semiconductor material and the bottom layer. 64. The method of claim 63 wherein the second semiconductor material includes a binary semiconductor. 65. The method of claim 64 wherein the binary semiconductor is a Group II-VI semiconductor. 66. The method of claim 51 wherein the first semiconductor material is CdS. 67. The method of claim 63 wherein the second semiconductor material is CdTe. 68. The method of claim 58 further comprising a buffer layer in contact with the bottom layer and between the bottom layer and the first semiconductor material. 69. The method of claim 68 further comprising a top layer covering at least a portion of the first semiconductor material. 70. The method of claim 69 wherein the top layer includes a metal. 71. The method of claim 63 further comprising an electrical conductor electrically connected to the bottom layer. 72. The photovoltaic cell of claim 68 further comprising an electrical conductor connected to the top layer. 73. The method of claim 51 wherein the substrate has an annular cross section and includes: a first end; a second end opposite the first end; an inner surface connecting the first end and the second end; and an outer surface opposite the inner surface. 74. The method of claim 73 wherein the substrate is a glass tube. 75. The method of claim 74 wherein the semiconductor material is on a portion of the inner surface of the substrate. 76. The method of claim 65 wherein the substrate has an annular cross section and includes: a first end; a second end opposite the first end; an inner surface connecting the first end and the second end; and an outer surface opposite the inner surface. 77. The method of claim 76 further comprising a first electrical connection connected to the top layer. 78. The method of claim 77 further comprising a second electrical connection connected to the bottom layer. 79. The method of claim 76 wherein the first end seals around the first electrical connection. 80. The method of claim 76 wherein the second end seals around the second electrical connection. 81. The method of claim 76 wherein the inner surface, the first end and the second end form a chamber. 82. The method of claim 81 wherein the chamber contains a gas having a pressure less than atmospheric pressure. 83. The method of claim 81 wherein the chamber contains an inert gas. 84. The method of claim 83 wherein the inert gas is helium, argon, nitrogen, or a combination thereof. 85. The method of claim 76 wherein the first semiconductor material is on a portion of the outer surface of the substrate. 86. A system for converting light into electrical energy comprising: a plurality of photovoltaic cells, at least one of the photovoltaic cells having a curved surface; and an electrical connection between at least two of the photovoltaic cells. 87. The system of claim 86 further comprising a storage device for storing electricity electrically connected to the photovoltaic cells. 88. The system of claim 86 further comprising a mounting apparatus for securing the photovoltaic cells to a light exposure surface. 89. The system of claim 88 wherein the mounting apparatus includes electrical connections for each of the photovoltaic cells. 90. The system of claim 88 wherein the light exposure surface includes a roof. 91. The system of claim 86 further comprising a protective overlayer surrounding the curved photovoltaic cells. 92. The system of claim 86 wherein each photovoltaic cell comprises a substrate that has an annular cross section and includes: a first end; a second end opposite the first end; an inner surface connecting the first end and the second end; and an outer surface opposite the inner surface. 93. The system of claim 92 further comprising a bottom semiconductor layer and a top semiconductor layer on a surface of the substrate. 94. The system of claim 93 further comprising a first electrical connection connected to the top semiconductor layer. 95. The system of claim 94 further comprising a second electrical connection connected to the bottom layer. 96. The photovoltaic cell of claim 95 wherein the first end seals around the first electrical connection. 97. The photovoltaic cell of claim 96 wherein the second end seals around the second electrical connection. 