A monitoring, tracking and recover system comprises a communication device for a vehicle as well as other items and which communicates with a remote data communications terminal.
Claims 1. A monitoring, tracking or recovery system for a vehicle comprising: a communication device provided in association with a trailer portion of a vehicle and; a remote data communications terminal remote from the vehicle adapted for at least one of one or two-way communication with the communication device in order to identify location of the vehicle at desired times. 2. A system according to claim 1, wherein the communication device requires power for the communication with the remote data communications terminal. 3. A system according to claim 2, wherein a switch is disposed between a trailer and cab portion of the vehicle and the switch is in a closed position when the trailer and cab are connected to allow the communication device to connect with and obtain power from the motor compartment of the vehicle contained in the cab area. 4. A system according to claim 3 further comprising an auxiliary power source located on a trailer and providing power to the communication device when the switch is opened occurring from disconnection of the trailer and cab portions. 5. A system according to claim 2, wherein the communication device is of the powerless type, being energized by the remote data communications terminal. 6. A system according to claim 3, wherein the power source is selected from the group consisting of battery, electricity and solar cell. 7. A system according to claim 1, wherein the communication device comprises a WiFi chip. 8. A system according to claim 1, wherein the communication device comprises a GPS chip. 9. A system according to claim 1, wherein the communication device is embedded into a registration sticker or inspection sticker. 10. A system according to claim 1, wherein a unique identifier associated with the vehicle is stored in the communication device. 11. A system according to claim 10 wherein a unique identifier corresponds to the VIN of the vehicle. 12. A monitoring, tracking or recovery system for an item comprising: a communication device provided in association with portion of an item and; a data communications terminal adapted for at least one of one or two-way communication with the communication device in order to identify a characteristic of the item at desired times. 13. A system according to claim 12, wherein the communication device requires power for the communication with the data communications terminal. 14. A system according to claim 13, wherein the characteristic of the item comprises at least one of type of the item and owner of the item. 15. A system according to claim 12 further comprising an auxiliary power source located on the item and providing power to the communication device. 16. A system according to claim 13, wherein the communication device is of the powerless type, being energized by the data communications terminal. 17. A system according to claim 12, wherein the power source is selected from the group consisting of battery, electricity and solar cell. 18. A system according to claim 12, wherein the communication device comprises a WiFi chip. 19. A system according to claim 12, wherein the communication device comprises a GPS chip. 20. A system according to claim 12, wherein the communication device is embedded into a document. 21. A system according to claim 12, wherein a unique identifier associated with the item is stored in the communication device. 