A computer readable medium with instructions stored on the medium. When the instructions are executed by a processor, they cause the processor to calculate overall efficiency. A system for determining the overall efficiency for a building. The system comprises: an environment system controller with a processor used to calculate overall efficiency; a plurality of indoor temperature sensors in communication with the environment system controller; an outdoor temperature sensor in communication with the environment system controller; an efficiency monitoring device in communication with the environment system controller; and a chronograph configured to time stamp sensor readings.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A computer readable medium having instructions stored thereon which when executed by a processor, cause the processor to calculate overall efficiency. 2. The computer readable medium having instructions stored thereon of claim 1, which further cause the processor to calculate overall efficiency by dividing the energy content of heat leaving a conditioned volume by the energy content found in fuel entering the environmental control unit. 3. The computer readable medium having instructions stored thereon of claim 1, which further cause the processor to: calculate overall heating efficiency. 4. The computer readable medium having instructions stored thereon of claim 1, which further cause the processor to: calculate overall cooling efficiency. 5. The computer readable medium having instructions stored thereon of claim 1, which further cause the processor to: solve the equation 2 OVERALLEFFICIENCY = Q loss t T I - T O .times. HDD .times. 24 hours 1 day Q in for the term OVERALL EFFICIENCY. 6. The computer readable medium having instructions stored thereon of claim 1, which further cause the processor to: determine the building's heat loss rate; determine an indoor temperature; determine an outdoor temperature; determine heating degree days for a specified time period; determine a heat input for the building for the specified time period; and calculate an overall efficiency. 7. The computer readable medium having instructions stored thereon of claim 1, which further cause the processor to: obtain building size information; obtain building window information; calculate a heat loss rate for the building. 8. The computer readable medium having instructions stored thereon of claim 1, which further cause the processor to: obtain solar gain information. 9. The computer readable medium having instructions stored thereon of claim 1, which further cause the processor to: obtain average wind speed information. 10. The computer readable medium having instructions stored thereon of claim 1, which further cause the processor to: obtain power output from building lights and appliances. 11. The computer readable medium having instructions stored thereon of claim 1, which further cause the processor to: obtain the daily average outdoor temperature; and calculate a heating degree day value for a specified time period. 12. The computer readable medium having instructions stored thereon of claim 1, which further cause the processor to: obtain BTU meter data from an outlet side of a building heating system; obtain BTU meter data from an inlet side of the building heating system; and calculate a heat output value for the building for a specified time period. 13. A system for determining overall efficiency for a building, the system comprising: an environment system controller with a processor used to calculate overall efficiency; a plurality of indoor temperature sensors in communication with the environment system controller; an outdoor temperature sensor in communication with the environment system controller; an efficiency monitoring device in communication with the environment system controller; and a chronograph configured to time stamp sensor readings. 14. The system of claim 13, further comprising: a flow meter in communication with the efficiency monitoring device. 15. The system of claim 13, further comprising: a BTU meter in communication with the efficiency monitoring device. 16. The system of claim 13, further comprising: a network in communication with the efficiency monitoring device; a weather tracking center in communication with the efficiency monitoring device via the network. 17. The system of claim 16, further comprising: a database in communication with the efficiency monitoring device via the network. 18. The system of claim 13, further comprising: a computer in communication with the efficiency monitoring device; a network in communication with the computer; a weather tracking center in communication with the computer via the network. 19. The system of claim 18, further comprising: a database in communication with the computer via the network. 