The transparent grave marker with decorative panel insert is a grave marker that resembles a traditional tombstone in shape and size but is constructed of a block of transparent material having three vertical slots in which three stained glass panels are positioned. An alternative embodiment includes a stained glass panel encased in a block of transparent material with brackets attached to its bottom to facilitate mounting onto a traditional tombstone. A second alternative embodiment includes a cruciform decorative panel encased in a cruciform block of transparent material with a mounting plate attached to its bottom for mounting onto a traditional tombstone.
Claims I claim: 1. A transparent grave marker with decorative panel insert, comprising: a block of substantially transparent material having at least one vertical slot, said at least one vertical slot adapted to receive a decorative panel; and at least one decorative panel. 2. The transparent grave marker with decorative panel insert according to claim 1, further comprising a top plate and means for attaching said top plate to the top of said block of substantially transparent material. 3. The transparent grave marker with decorative panel insert according to claim 1, further comprising at least one solar-powered light assembly wherein said at least one solar-powered light assembly illuminates said at least one decorative panel. 4. The transparent grave marker with decorative panel insert according to claim 1, wherein said block of substantially transparent material is constructed of acrylic. 5. The transparent grave marker with decorative panel insert according to claim 1, wherein each of said at least one decorative panel is translucent. 6. The transparent grave marker with decorative panel insert according to claim 1, wherein each of said at least one decorative panel is constructed of stained glass. 7. A transparent grave marker with decorative panel insert, comprising: a decorative panel encased within a block of substantially transparent material. 8. The transparent grave marker with decorative panel insert according to claim 7, wherein said block of substantially transparent material is constructed of acrylic. 9. The transparent grave marker with decorative panel insert according to claim 7, wherein said decorative panel is translucent. 10. The transparent grave marker with decorative panel insert according to claim 7, wherein said decorative panel is constructed of stained glass. 11. The transparent grave marker with decorative panel insert according to claim 7, wherein said decorative panel is substantially rectangular. 12. The transparent grave marker with decorative panel insert according to claim 7, wherein said decorative panel and said block of substantially transparent material are cruciform. 13. The transparent grave marker with decorative panel insert according to claim 7, further comprising a means for mounting said decorative panel encased within a block of substantially transparent material to the top of a conventional tombstone. 