An energy measurement system including a radio frequency ("RF") device powered by a solar panel. The RF device comprising a wireless communication port operative to transmit and receive communication over a wireless network of additional RF devices. The energy measurement system able to transmit energy parameters of the RF device over the wireless network.
Claims We claim: 1. A system for measuring the delivery of electrical energy from an energy supplier to a consumer through an electric circuit, said system comprising: a first energy sensor configured to sense an electrical parameter of said electric circuit, said first energy sensor further configured to wirelessly transmit and receive a plurality of communication packets that are selectively configurable by said first energy sensor to include energy data representative of said electrical parameter; a second energy sensor configured to be in wireless communication with said first energy sensor, said second energy sensor configured to sense an electrical parameter of said electric circuit, wirelessly transmit and receive said communication packets, and selectively include energy data representative of said electrical parameter sensed by said second energy sensor in said communication packets; a radio frequency repeater configured to be in wireless communication with said second energy sensor but out of range for wireless communication with said first energy sensor; and a solar panel electrically coupled with said radio frequency repeater to supply electric power to said radio frequency repeater; wherein said second energy sensor is further configured to wirelessly pass communication packets being transmitted wirelessly between said first energy sensor and said radio frequency repeater. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein said radio frequency repeater comprises a power supply coupled with a wireless transceiver and said solar panel, and an energy storage device coupled with said power supply, wherein said power supply is operable to store an electric charge from said solar panel in said energy storage device. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein said wherein said wireless transceiver is configured to wirelessly transmit communication packets to said second energy sensor and receive communication packets from said second energy sensor. 4. The system of claim 2 wherein said radio frequency repeater further comprises a processor coupled with said power supply, and a data memory coupled with said processor, wherein said power supply is configured to indicate to said processor when insufficient energy is supplied by said power supply, said processor configured to store said communication packets in said data memory in response to said indication, said processor further configured to enable transmission of said stored communication packets when said power supply ceases said indication. 5. The system of claim 2 wherein said processor is further configured to direct wireless transmission of at least one communication packet that includes indication of insufficient power supplied by said power supply. 6. The system of claim 1 wherein said radio frequency repeater is configured to wirelessly transmit communication packets to said second energy sensor that are destined for said first energy sensor and receive communication packets from said second energy sensor that were transmitted from said first energy sensor. 7. The system of claim 1 wherein said radio frequency repeater is operative to wirelessly retransmit said communication packets to another radio frequency device. 8. The system of claim 1 wherein said first and second energy device each comprise at least one measurement coupling device configured to be coupled with said electric circuit and operative to sense at least one energy parameter in said electric circuit, said first and second energy device each configured to generate said energy data therefrom. 9. The system of claim 1 wherein said first energy device comprises a first communication port configured to wireless transmit said communication packets and a second communication port in communication with said first communication port, wherein said second communication port is configured to be in wired communication with at least one intelligent electronic device ("IED") 10. The system of claim 9 wherein said first energy device further comprises a processor configured to direct transmission and receipt of messages between said first communication port and said second communication port. 11. A system for measuring the delivery of electrical energy from an energy supplier to a consumer through an electric circuit, said system comprising: a wireless network; at least a first and second energy sensor coupled with said wireless network, said first and second energy sensors operative to transmit and receive a communication packet from said wireless network, wherein said communication packet comprises energy data representative of at least one electrical parameter of said electric circuit; a radio frequency("RF") repeater coupled with said wireless network, said RF repeater comprising: (a) a communication port operative to wirelessly transmit and receive said communication packet from said wireless network; (b) a processor operatively coupled with said communication port; (c) a power supply coupled with said communication port and said processor; and (d) a solar panel coupled with said power supply operative to provide power to said RF Repeater; wherein said second energy sensor is further operative to receive said communication packet from said first energy sensor; and wherein said second energy sensor is further operative to retransmit said communication packet to said RF repeater; and further wherein said first energy sensor is out of RF range and unable to directly communicate with said RF repeater. 12. The system of claim 11 wherein said RF repeater is operative to retransmit said communication packet to another RF device over said wireless network. 13. The system of claim 11 wherein said communication port is a first communication port, said processor is a first processor and said second energy sensor comprises: at least one measurement coupling device configured to be coupled with said electric circuit and operative to sense at least one energy parameter in said electric circuit and generate at least one analog signal indicative thereof; at least one analog to digital converter coupled with said at least one measurement coupling device and operative to convert said at least one analog signal to at least one digital signal representative thereof; a second processor coupled with said at least one analog to digital converter and operative to generate said energy parameter from said at least one digital signal; and a second communication port coupled with said second processor. 14. The system of claim 13, said second energy sensor further comprising an adjustable RF power control coupled with said first communication port and operative to limit the effective RF range of said first communication port. 15. The system of claim 11, said RF repeater further comprising an adjustable RF power control coupled with said communication port and operative to limit the effective RF range of said communication port. 16. The system of claim 15, said adjustable RF power control further coupled with said processor, wherein said processor is further operative to adjust RF power used by said communication port. 17. The system of claim 11, said power supply further comprises an energy storage device configured to store an electric charge from said solar panel. 18. The system of claim 17, said RF repeater further operative to transmit a communication packet indicative of an insufficient energy supply from said energy storage device and said solar panel. 19. The system of claim 11 wherein said RF repeater further comprises a data memory coupled with said processor wherein said data memory is operative to store at least a portion of said communication packet. 20. The system of claim 19, said RF repeater further comprising a low power flag indicative of an insufficient energy supply to said power supply, wherein said data memory is operative to store said communication packet when energy supplied to said power supply is below an energy threshold and said communication port is operative to transmit said stored communication packet when energy supplied to said power supply is above said energy threshold. 21. The system of claim 11, wherein said processor is further operative to compute a forward error correcting code for at least a portion of said communication packet; wherein said forward error correcting code is included within said communication packet. 22. The system of claim 21 wherein said RF repeater is further operative to analyze said forward error correcting code from said communication packet and apply at least one bit of correction based on said forward error correcting code to said communication packet before retransmission of said communication packet on said wireless network. 23. A radio frequency ("RF") device for use within an energy measurement system used to monitor the delivery of electrical energy from an energy supplier to a consumer through an electric circuit, said RF device comprising: a communication port operative to wirelessly transmit and receive communication packets from a wireless network and retransmit said communication packets over said wireless network; a processor coupled with said communication port; a power supply coupled with said communication port and said processor; and a solar panel coupled with said power supply operative to provide power to said power supply; wherein said communication packets contain energy data related to said electric circuit. 24. The RF device of claim 23 wherein said communication port is operative to retransmit said communication packets to at least a second radio frequency (RF) device. 25. The RF device of claim 23 further comprising an energy sensor, said energy sensor comprising: at least one measurement coupling device configured to be coupled with said electric circuit and operative to sense at least one power parameter in said electric circuit and generate at least one analog signal indicative thereof; at least one analog to digital converter coupled with said at least one measurement coupling device, said at least one analog to digital converter is operative to convert said at least one analog signal to at least one digital signal representative thereof, wherein said processor is coupled with said at least one analog to digital converter and is operative to generate at least one computed value from said at least one digital signal. 26. The RF device of claim 23 further comprising an adjustable RF power control coupled with said communication port and operative to limit the effective RF range of said communication port. 27. The RF device of claim 23 wherein said power supply further comprises an energy storage device configured to store an electric charge suppliable from said solar panel. 28. The RF device of claim 23 wherein said processor is further operative to transmit a communication packet to indicate insufficient energy supply from said power supply. 29. The RF device of claim 23 wherein said processor is further operative to compute a forward error correcting code for said at least one of said communication packets; said forward error correcting code included in said at least one of said communication packets. 30. The RF device of claim 23, wherein said processor is further operative to analyze a forward error correcting code included in said at least one of said communication packets and apply at least one bit of correction based on said forward error correcting code to said at least one of said communication packets prior to transmission of said at least one of said communication packets over said wireless network. 31. The RF device of claim 23 further comprising a data memory coupled with said processor wherein said data memory is operative to store said communication packets. 32. The RF device of claim 31 wherein said power supply comprises an energy storage device, said power supply is configured to generate a low power flag indicative of insufficient energy stored in said energy storage device, wherein said data memory is operative to store at least one of said communication packets received over said wireless network when energy stored in said energy storage device is below an energy threshold, and said communication port is operative to transmit said stored communication packet when energy stored in said energy storage device is above said energy threshold. 