A system for the payment and monitoring of fees which includes a personal device carried by a user and a monitoring device which communicates with the personal device to confirm/ascertain that the personal device has been activated to deduct the required fee.
Claims 1. A system for the payment and monitoring of fees which includes a personal device carried by a user and activatable by the user for deduction of a payable fee by electronic payment means for a particular location, the personal device having a wireless communication means for communication with a monitoring device which communicates with the personal device to confirm/ascertain that the personal device has been activated and has or is deducting the required fee, the monitoring and/or the personal device includes a location-recording unit so that deduction of the fee is identified as being for the particular location. 2. A system as claimed in claim 1 wherein the location recording unit is a global positioning system (GPS). 3. A system as claimed in claim 1 where the monitoring device includes a coded wire tag reader or a bar code reader so that it can determine the particular location where the personal device is located by reading the coded wire or barcode located at the particular location. 4. A system as claimed in claim 1 where the monitoring device includes a key pad so that the unique number identifying the particular location can be entered by the monitoring device user to determine where the personal device is located. 5. A system as claimed in claim 1 which includes a monitoring device able to record and recall the particular location at which a personal device is/was located and is able to determine the length of time elapsed since the personal device was previously recorded as being at a particular location. 6. A system as claimed in claim 1 which includes a monitoring device which is programmable to calculate the correct rate of pre-paid credit deduction for a particular location. 7. A system as claimed in claim 6 which includes a monitoring device which can automatically compare the rate of pre-paid credit deduction being deducted by a personal device to the correct rate of deduction programmed into the monitoring device for a particular location, and automatically advise the monitoring device user whether the personal device is deducting the pre-paid credit at the correct rate for the particular location. 8. A system as claimed in claim 1 that includes a monitoring device that can automatically advise the monitoring device user, through an audible or visual signal, that the personal device it is communicating with, is operating correctly. 9. A system according to claim 8 wherein the monitoring device is able to advise the monitoring device user whether pre-paid credits are being deducted at the correct rate for the particular location the personal device is located at. 10. A system as claimed in claim 1 which includes a smart card containing a pre-paid credit and a programmed unique location code which enables a personal device user to use a particular smart card in a particular location for which they are authorized and where they are authorized to deduct pre-paid credits at a rate different to other categories of personal device users such that when the personal device communicates with the monitoring device, which has been programmed to expect a particular rate the information from the smart card causes the monitoring device to indicate to the monitoring device user that the rate was correct for that combination of personal device, smart card type and particular location. 11. A system as claimed in claim 10 wherein the user has two or more smart cards, from different organisations, the selection of the organisation to pay being made by the user by inserting the appropriate card into the personal device before it is activated. 12. A system as claimed in claim 1 wherein the personal device has input means so that the user can input the rate at which the fee is to be paid, the monitoring device being adapted to determine that the correct rate has been entered. 13. A system as claimed in claim 1 wherein the personal device is mountable in a vehicle for use in payment of parking fees. 14. A system as claimed in claim 1 wherein the personal device is a hand held portable device for use in payment of public transport and/or other fees. 15. A system as claimed in claim 1 wherein a single monitoring device is mounted at a location for monitoring all personal devices utilizing a particular service at that location. 16. A system as claimed in claim 1 wherein the monitoring device is a hand held device carried by monitoring persons who patrol and service an area or location where the system is used. 17. A system as claimed in claim 1 wherein the personal device is battery or solar power operated and contains electronic capability to process the transaction. 18. A system as claimed in claim 17 wherein a flexible connection to the motor vehicle cigarette lighter and/or battery can be used to charge the internal battery and/or run the personal device. 19. A system as claimed in claim 1 wherein a clip allows the personal device to be mounted on the steering wheel of a car or handle bars of a motorbike. 20. A system as claimed in claim 1 wherein a keypad of the personal device has a display showing the amount, or value of credits left on the card, numeric keys 0 to 9 which are used by the user to input a required charge and start and stop keys. 21. A system as claimed in claim 20 wherein the keypad has a set key used to power on the device to enable setting to begin and a stand-by key that places the device in stand-by mode to minimize power usage over prolonged periods of non-use. 22. A system as claimed in claim 21 wherein the keypad has keys which are used respectively to activate a delay start and early stopping when fees are payable for only a portion of the day. 23. A system as claimed in claim 22 wherein the keypad has a display which shows the minutes/hours to delay starting and/or stopping of the personal device. 24. A system for the collection and monitoring of fees known as road user charges in which a personal device activatable by a user for deduction of a payable fee by electronic payment means, the personal device having a wireless communication means for communication with a monitoring device which communicates with the personal device to confirm/ascertain that the personal device has been activated to deduct the required fee, the personal device being either linked electronically to a vehicle's odometer or to an internal GPS device to measure distance traveled. 25. A system as claimed in claim 24 wherein the personal device is permanently mounted in the vehicle. 26. A system as claimed in claim 24 wherein the user can activate the personal device when traveling on roads subject to a user charge, entering the appropriate rate for the vehicle. 27. A system as claimed in claim 26 wherein the personal device can deduct the appropriate amount from the prepaid card based on the distance traveled. 28. A system as claimed in claim 24 wherein the monitoring device can be hand held, mounted beside the road or located strategically to cover large areas, and is adapted to receive transmissions from the personal device. 29. A system as claimed in claim 28 wherein the monitoring device records that the personal device was activated and deducting an amount from the prepaid card. 30. A system as claimed in claim 29 wherein different rates of charge are possible for different classes of vehicle and the monitoring device is pre-programmed to match the correct rate of deduction for a specific personal device. 31. A system as claimed in claim 29 wherein several different rates of charge are possible and the personal device transmits information to the monitoring device to enable it to calculate the correct rate of deduction. 32. A system as claimed in claim 28 wherein an enforcement agency at a roadside can physically or visually check that the rate of deduction is correct for the vehicle and circumstances. 33. A system for the collection and monitoring of a fee known as an entrance fee or entrance tax, which includes a personal device carried by a user and activatable by the user for deduction of a payable fee by electronic payment means, the personal device having a wireless communication means with an external device which communicates with the personal device to confirm/ascertain that the personal device has been activated and has or is deducting the required fee, the monitoring and/or the personal device includes a location-recording unit so that deduction of a fee is made when the user passes the external device at a particular location. 34. A system as described in claim 33 wherein the personal device communicates with the external device to confirm to the external device that the personal device is operating correctly and has deducted the nominated number of pre-paid credits from a smart card. 