A roof module for accommodation in a hollow space of a roof area of a vehicle. Both manually operable, movable areas and movable areas operable by an actuating drive may be integrated into the roof area. The roof module may be assigned to a drive of movable area or to frame elements in which the movable area is guided. In the roof module, electronic components and sensors are accommodated, which form functional groups for operating the movable roof area, for monitoring and air conditioning the vehicle's passenger compartment, for communications with external information systems and for activating vehicle security systems.
Claims 1-14. (Canceled). 15. A roof module for a vehicle, comprising: electronic components; and sensors; wherein the electronic components and sensors are accommodated in the roof module, and represent functional groups for operating a movable area by an actuating drive, for monitoring and air conditioning a passenger compartment of the vehicle, for providing communications with an external telecommunication system and for activating a vehicle security system, and wherein the roof module is for accommodation in a hollow space in a roof area of the vehicle, the movable area being a manually operable, movable area or a movable area operable by the actuating drive which is integrated into the roof area of the vehicle, the roof module being accommodated at the actuating drive or at frame elements of the movable area. 16. The roof module of claim 15, wherein the roof module is surrounded by a housing made of a metallic material, and a cooling element is assigned to the roof module. 17. The roof module of claim 15, wherein the roof module is accommodated in a headliner of the roof area in a region of the a driver seat, and wherein it includes a dismountable microphone unit as a part of a hands-free system. 18. The roof module of claim 15, wherein a first functional group of the functional groups in the roof module includes an operating function of the movable area, a fan control, a Hall sensor for recording a rotational speed of the actuating drive of the movable area and output channels for an information display in a passenger compartment of the vehicle. 19. The roof module of claim 15, wherein a second functional group in the roof module includes communications interfaces to information systems that are external to the vehicle. 20. The roof module of claim 19, wherein the second functional group in the roof module includes an activating mechanism for an inside mirror, a hands-free system, a reception part as an interface for a mobile telephone, and transmission/reception devices for providing data exchange for a navigation system, a radio and a vehicle clock controlled by the radio. 21. The roof module of claim 15, wherein a third functional group in the roof module includes at least some of the sensors to activate interior and exterior illumination of the vehicle, and at least some of the sensors to record an incidence of light, movements of people, and temperature. 22. The roof module of claim 21, wherein the third functional group in the roof module includes a seat occupation sensor, an all around monitoring sensor for the passenger compartment, and a sensor to record movements of at least one of a vehicle passenger and a person at the vehicle. 23. The roof module of claim 15, wherein a fourth functional group in the roof module includes a rain sensor, a receiving part of a central locking system, an activation function or arrangement of a theft protection function or arrangement, a garage door activating transmitter unit, and a control function or arrangement of solar cells for supplying electrical air conditioning components of the passenger compartment. 24. A method for operating a roof module of a motor vehicle, the method comprising: generating signals with functional groups of the roof module; processing the signals with an evaluation unit; and transmitting at least one of the signals and the processed signals, according to specifiable evaluation criteria, via a communications interface to an external telecommunications system; wherein the roof module includes: electronic components, and sensors, the electronic components and sensors forming functional groups, and including the integrated communications interface to the external telecommunications system, the electronic components and sensors being accommodated in the roof module, and representing the functional groups for operating a movable area by an actuating drive, for monitoring and air conditioning a passenger compartment of the vehicle, for providing communications with the external telecommunication system and for activating a vehicle security system, and the roof module is for accommodation in a hollow space in a roof area of the vehicle, the movable area being a manually operable, movable area or a movable area operable by the actuating drive which is integrated into the roof area of the vehicle, the roof module being accommodated at the actuating drive or at frame elements of the movable area. 25. The method of claim 24, wherein, upon a rain signal of a rain sensor, and a signal of at least one open opening of the motor vehicle, a warning information is sent to an external mobile telephone via the communications interface. 26. The method of claim 24, wherein, in response to a closing or locking of a movable part on the motor vehicle, an error signal is generated if the part does not completely and correctly close, and warning information is sent to an external mobile telephone via the communications interface. 27. The method of claim 24, wherein, upon a signal for activating the theft warning device via the communications interface, warning information is sent to an external mobile telephone. 28. The method of claim 24, wherein at least one of data from the external telecommunications system is exchangeable with the roof module via the communications interface, and control commands for activating certain functions of the functional groups are transmittable. 29. The method of claim 24, wherein the at least one of the signals and the processed signals include warning information. 30. The method of claim 25, wherein the opening includes at least one of a sliding roof, a window and a convertible roof. 