A method and system for monitoring fluid flow, such as fluid flow through pipelines or similar conduits for delivering natural gas, crude oil, and other similar liquid or gas energy commodities, relies on the measurement of acoustic waves generated by the fluid, thus allowing for monitoring of the flow rate without direct access to the fluid. Furthermore, the method and system allows for estimation of the operational dynamics of components or facilities of the production, transportation, storage, and distribution systems for the energy commodities.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for providing information relating to fluid flow rate through a conduit to a remote end user, comprising the steps of: positioning one or more sound transducers in proximity to said conduit, each said sound transducer generating a signal representative of acoustic waves generated by the fluid flow through said conduit; collecting said signals from said one or more sound transducers; processing said signals to determine the flow rate through the conduit; and communicating information relating to the flow rate to said remote end user. 2. The method as recited in claim 1, in which signals generated by said one or more sound transducers are received and collected by a local monitoring device and then transmitted from the local monitoring device to a remote central processing facility for processing said signals to determine the flow rate through the conduit. 3. The method as recited in claim 1, in which said one or more sound transducers are near, but not in physical contact with, said conduit. 4. A method for monitoring fluid flow through a conduit and communicating a flow rate to an end user, comprising the steps of: positioning one or more sound transducers in proximity to said conduit, each said sound transducer generating a signal representative of a measured amplitude of acoustic waves generated by the fluid flow through said conduit; receiving such acoustic signals and processing the signals into digitized data representative of the measured amplitude; performing a computational analysis on the digitized data to determine the flow rate through said conduit based on the measured amplitude; and communicating the flow rate to said end user. 5. The method as recited in claim 4, wherein the receiving and processing of the signals into digitized data representative of the measured amplitude is carried out by a monitoring device in general proximity to the sound transducers. 6. The method as recited in claim 5, and further comprising the step of transmitting the digitized data from the monitoring device to a central processing facility for performing the computational analysis on the digitized data to determine the flow rate through said conduit. 7. The method as recited in claim 5, wherein the monitoring device includes one or more amplification and filtration circuits for amplifying the signal from each sound transducer and for removing extraneous noise prior to the processing of the signals into digitized data representative of the measured amplitude. 8. The method as recited in claim 6, in which transmitting the digitized data is accomplished by a radio frequency transceiver associated with the monitoring device. 9. The method as recited in claim 5, in which the monitoring device is powered by a battery that is continuously recharged by a solar panel array. 10. The method as recited in claim 4, in which communicating the flow rate to said end user is accomplished through an access-controlled Internet web site 11. A method for monitoring fluid flow through a conduit and communicating a flow rate to an end user, comprising the steps of: detecting an amplitude of acoustic waves generated by fluid flow through said conduit; generating a signal representative of the detected amplitude; transmitting the signal representative of the detected amplitude to a monitoring device; processing the signal into digitized data representative of the measured amplitude; performing a computational analysis on the digitized data to determine the flow rate through said conduit based on the measured amplitude; and communicating the flow rate to said end user. 12. A method for estimating operational dynamics of a facility, comprising the steps of: positioning at least one monitoring device in proximity to a each of a number of selected conduits of the facility, each such monitoring device including at least one sound transducer for generating a signal representative of acoustic waves generated by the flow of an energy commodity through each selected conduit; each monitoring device receiving such signals and processing the signals into digitized data representative of the acoustic waves; processing the digitized data to determine a flow rate of the energy commodity through each selected conduit; and estimating the operational dynamics of the facility based on the determined flow rates. 13. The method as recited in claim 12, in which each monitoring device transmits digitized data representative of the acoustic waves to a remote central processing facility for processing the digitized data to determine the flow rate of the energy commodity through each selected conduit and estimating the operational dynamics of the facility based on the determined flow rates. 14. The method as recited in claim 12, and further comprising the step of relaying information related to the output of the energy commodity from the facility to an end user. 15. A method for estimating fluid flow through a conduit, comprising the steps of: positioning one or more sound transducers in proximity to said conduit, each said sound transducer generating a signal representative of a measured amplitude of acoustic waves generated by the fluid flow through said conduit; monitoring actual fluid flow through the conduit; comparing the measured amplitudes to the actual fluid flow to develop a mathematical relationship between the measured amplitude and the actual fluid flow; and using the developed mathematical relationship for future estimates of fluid flow through the conduit or another conduit having similar physical characteristics. 