A fixture for use in a retail store is provided including a loop formed from a conductive material and adapted to support hanging articles, the loop having a first and second end, the first and second ends each connected to an insulator member, the first end being electrically insulated from the second end by the insulator member, and an RFID reader connected to each of the first end and the second end of the loop. A circuit is formed by the loop and the RFID reader, wherein the loop provides an antenna function for the RFID reader. A method of retrofitting a fixture for use in a retail store is also provided.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A fixture for use in a retail store, comprising: (A) a loop formed from a conductive material and adapted to support hanging articles, said loop having a first and second end, said first and second ends each connected to an insulator member, said first end being electrically insulated from said second end by the insulator member; and (B) an RFID reader connected to each of the first end and the second end of the loop; whereby a circuit is formed by the loop and the RFID reader, wherein the loop provides an antenna function for the RFID reader. 2. The fixture of claim 1, wherein the fixture further includes a base. 3. The fixture of claim 1, wherein the base has a plurality of wheels. 4. The fixture of claim 1, wherein the fixture forms a vertical loop. 5. The fixture of claim 1, wherein the fixture forms a horizontal loop. 6. The fixture of claim 1, wherein the fixture forms a loop in the form of a adapted for suspension from a ceiling. 7. The fixture of claim 1, wherein the loop is mounted over a table. 8. The fixture of claim 1, wherein the circuit formed is adapted to operate in the UHF spectrum. 9. The fixture of claim 1, wherein the circuit formed is adapted to operate in the HF spectrum. 10. The fixture of claim 1, wherein the RFID reader is operable from at least one rechargeable battery. 11. The fixture of claim 10, wherein the rechargeable battery is rechargeable by connection to a standard AC outlet. 12. The fixture of claim 10, wherein the rechargeable battery is rechargeable by connection to a solar cells. 13. The fixture of claim 10, wherein the rechargeable battery is rechargeable by power generated from wheel action from wheels attached to the fixture. 14. The fixture of claim 10, wherein the rechargeable battery is rechargeable by connection to a proximity recharger. 15. The fixture of claim 1, wherein the RFID reader includes a standby mode wherein full power is substantially reduced to conserve battery power except during scheduled intervals during which reading occurs. 16. The fixture of claim 1, wherein the RFID reader is in a standby mode wherein full power is substantially reduced to conserve battery power except during intervals when an operator or network makes a specific inquiry to the RFID reader. 17. The fixture of claim 1, wherein the loop is constructed of metal. 18. The fixture of claim 1, wherein the loop is coated with insulation to accommodate long-term exposure or safety considerations. 19. The fixture of claim 1, comprising a plurality of loops. 20. The fixture of claim 1, comprising at least two loops wherein the loops are parallel to one another. 21. The fixture of claim 1, comprising two loops, wherein the loops are perpendicular to one another. 22. The fixture of claim 19, wherein one RFID reader is used for at least two of the plurality of loops. 23. The fixture of claim 19, wherein the plurality of loops are isolated from one another. 24. The fixture of claim 19, wherein at least two of the loops are isolated from one another. 25. The fixture of claim 19, wherein the plurality of loops are not isolated from one another. 26. The fixture of claim 1, wherein the loop is adapted to create a far-field cancellation of antenna pattern. 27. The fixture of claim 1, wherein the loop is crossed to create an intersection in the loop to create a far-field cancellation antenna pattern. 28. A method of retrofitting a fixture for use in a retail store, comprising the steps of: (A) providing at least one loop formed from a conductive material, the loop adapted to support retail articles; (B) opening a gap in the loop to yield a first end and a second end of the loop; (C) inserting an insulating member in the gap to provide structural support for the loop; and (D) electrically connecting an RFID reader between the first end and the second end of the loop to form a circuit by the loop and the RFID reader wherein the loop provides an antenna function for the RFID reader. 29. The method of claim 28, including the step of providing a base for the at least one loop. 30. The method of claim 29, wherein the step of providing the base includes providing a plurality of wheels on the base. 31. The method of claim 28, wherein the step of providing the at least one loop includes providing a vertically oriented loop. 32. The method of claim 28, wherein the step of providing the at least one loop includes providing a horizontally oriented loop. 33. The method of claim 28, wherein the step of providing the at least one loop includes the step of suspending the loop from a ceiling. 34. The method of claim 28, wherein the step of providing the at least one loop includes step of mounting the loop over a table. 35. The method of claim 28, wherein the step of providing at least one loop includes providing a plurality of loops. 36. The method of claim 28, wherein the step of providing the at least one loop includes providing at least two loops wherein the loops are parallel to one another. 37. The method of claim 28, wherein the step of providing the at least one loop includes providing two loops, wherein the two loops are perpendicular to one another. 38. The method of claim 28, wherein the step of electrically connecting the RFID reader includes connecting one RFID reader to at least two of the plurality of loops. 39. The method of claim 35, including the step of isolating the loops from one another. 40. The method of claim 35, wherein the loops are not isolated from one another. 41. The method of claim 28, including the step of creating a far-field cancellation of antenna pattern. 42. The method of claim 28 , wherein including the step of crossing the loop to create an intersection in the loop to create a far-field cancellation antenna pattern. 