A highway marker comprising an emissive device positioned on a highway, wherein said emissive device emits electromagnetic radiation.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A highway marker comprising: a housing; a plurality of LED's mounted in the housing, emitting electromagnetic radiation; a photodetector generating a signal responsive to an ambient light condition surrounding the housing; and a control circuit responsive to the photodetector signal to control the electromagnetic radiation from at east one LED to emit radiation of a predetermined color as, perceived by the human eye according to the spectral sensitivity of the human eye for the ambient light condition. 2. A highway marker according to claim 1, further comprising a power source integral with the housing for powering the plurality of LED's. 3. A highway marker according to claim 1, further comprising a cooling fin in thermal communication with at least one LED, wherein the cooling fin dissipates LED generated heat. 4. A highway marker according to claim 1, further comprising a thermally conductive member for mounting the housing to a surface, wherein the thermally conductive member transfers heat between a surface and the marker. 5. A highway marker according to claim 1, wherein at least one LED emits electromagnetic radiation in the range of 10.sup.-2 m to 10.sup.-8 m. 6. A highway marker according to claim 1, wherein at least one LED emits electromagnetic radiation that is filtered with tinted material. 7. A highway marker according to claim 1, wherein at least one LED has a substrate selected from silicon, gallium nitride, aluminum nitride, aluminum oxide, silicon carbide, diamond, silicon germanium, and germanium. 8. A highway marker according to claim 1, further comprising a photovoltaic cell for generating power. 9. A highway marker according to claim 2, wherein the power source is a battery. 10. A highway marker according to claim 2, wherein the power source is a line power source. 11. A highway marker according to claim 1 further comprising a power source and wherein the plurality of LED's and the power source has a plurality of redundancies. 12. A highway marker according to claim 1 further comprising a battery to heat the housing. 13. A highway marker according to claim 1, wherein the photodetector is responsive to electromagnetic radiation in the range of 10.sup.-2 m to 10.sup.-8 m. 14. A highway marker according to claim 1, wherein the LED's transmit information regarding the location or traffic to vehicle-mounted detection systems that receive and process the signals. 15. A highway marker according to claim 1, including an internal feedback providing a constant brightness of the LED's. 16. A highway marker comprising: a plurality of LED's; a photodetector generating a signal responsive to ambient light condition; and means for adjusting the wavelength of emitted electromagnetic radiation of at least one LED to maintain a predetermined color as perceived by the human eye according to the spectral sensitivity of the human eye for the ambient light condition. 