The actuator comprises at least two terminals enabling it to be connected to a voltage source, an electric motor, a control unit) connected to means of powering the motor from the voltage source, the control unit comprising a voltage converter whose output powers a microcontroller driving the means for powering the motor. The control unit comprises a unit for monitoring the power-off time during which the actuator is not connected to the voltage source.
Claims 1. An actuator for operating a movable screen or a movable object for closure, shading or solar protection of a building, comprising at least two terminals for connecting the actuator to a voltage source, an electric motor, a control unit connected to means of powering the motor from the voltage source, the control unit comprising a voltage converter whose output powers a microcontroller driving the means for powering the motor, and wherein the control unit comprises a unit for monitoring the power-off time during which the actuator is not connected to the voltage source. 2. The actuator as claimed in claim 1, wherein the unit for monitoring the power-off time comprises a monitoring capacitor, at least one resistor arranged in parallel with the capacitor, a switching means for controlling the charging and the discharging of the capacitor and an output terminal giving an information regarding the voltage across the terminals of the capacitor. 3. The actuator as claimed in claim 2, wherein the power-off time monitoring unit comprises a comparator comparing the voltage across the terminals of the capacitor with a reference voltage and whose logic output is connected to the output terminal of the time monitoring unit. 4. The actuator as claimed in claim 2, which comprises a time measurement circuit. 5. A method for estimating a duration for which an actuator as claimed in claim 1 is not powered, which comprises: charging a monitoring capacitor; ceasing to power the actuator; closing an electrical circuit for discharging the capacitor; powering the actuator; and obtaining an information regarding the voltage across the terminals of the capacitor, deducing from this information, at least one limit of the interval in which the duration separating the event of the second step from the event of the fourth step is located. 6. The method as claimed in claim 5, wherein the information regarding the voltage across the terminals of the capacitor is the value of the voltage across the terminals of this capacitor. 7. The method as claimed in claim 5, wherein the information regarding the voltage across the terminals of the capacitor is a logic value resulting from a comparison of this voltage with a reference voltage. 8. The method as claimed in claim 5, wherein the information regarding the voltage across the terminals of the capacitor is a duration required to discharge the capacitor from its voltage down to a predetermined voltage. 9. The method as claimed in claim 5, wherein the actuator is powered from the AC electrical mains. 