A photovoltaic unit suitable for installing on a support structure comprising a photovoltaic module having a light receiving top side, and a bottom side opposite the top side, and a support substrate attached to the bottom side of the module, the support substrate comprising a plurality of ridges and at least one trough.
Claims Having described the invention, that which is claimed is: 1. A photovoltaic unit suitable for installing on a support structure comprising a photovoltaic module having a light receiving top side, and a bottom side opposite the top side, and a support substrate attached to the bottom side of the module, the support substrate comprising a plurality of ridges and at least one trough. 2. The unit of claim 1 wherein the ridges have a top portion and the top portion of at least two of the ridges are attached to the module. 3. The unit of claim 2 wherein the top portion of at least two of the ridges are attached to the bottom side of the module. 4. The unit of claim 1 further comprising a frame around the module and wherein the support substrate is attached to the bottom side of the module by at least the frame. 5. The unit of claim 1 further comprising a clamp to clamp the module to the support structure. 6. The unit of claim 1 wherein the bottom side of the photovoltaic module is placed against the support substrate. 7. The unit of claim 1 wherein the photovoltaic module is spaced away from the support substrate. 8. The unit of claim 7 wherein the photovoltaic module is parallel to the support substrate. 9. The unit of claim 1 wherein the photovoltaic module is attached to the support substrate by an adhesive. 10. The unit of claim 1 comprising at least one clamp. 11. A photovoltaic unit comprising: a photovoltaic module having a light receiving top side, and a bottom side opposite the top side, a support substrate attached to the bottom side of the module where the support substrate comprising a plurality of ridges and at least one trough, one or more first spaces located between the support substrate and the bottom side of the module and between two adjacent ridges, and at least one conduit in at least one first space. 12. The photovoltaic unit of claim 11 wherein the conduit contains a fluid. 13. The photovoltaic unit of claim 11 wherein the conduit contains electrical wiring. 14. The photovoltaic unit of claim 11 wherein the conduit passes through a plurality of spaces. 15. The photovoltaic unit of claim 1 wherein the support substrate is larger than the photovoltaic module and the unit comprise an edge section corresponding to the portion of the support substrate extending beyond the module. 16. An array positioned on a support structure comprising the photovoltaic units of claim 1. 17. The array of claim 16 wherein the support structure is a roof. 18. The array of claim 16 where the roof is a pitched roof. 19. A method for mounting a photovoltaic module on a support structure comprising attaching a support substrate to a bottom side of a photovoltaic module where the support substrate comprises a plurality of ridges and at least one trough to form a photovoltaic unit, and thereafter placing the unit on a support structure. 20. The method of claim 19 wherein the support structure is a roof. 21. The method of claim 19 wherein a plurality of units are placed on the support structure. 22. The method of claim 21 wherein the photovoltaic units are placed on the support structure in the form of an array having at least two photovoltaic units. 23. The method of claim 22 wherein the support substrate is larger than the photovoltaic module and the photovoltaic unit comprises at least one edge section corresponding to a portion of the support substrate extending beyond the module in the photovoltaic unit and wherein at least one unit is positioned in the array so that it overlays the edge section of an adjacent photovoltaic unit in the array. 24. A method for regulating the temperature of a photovoltaic module comprising attaching a bottom side of a photovoltaic module to a support substrate, the support substrate comprising a plurality of ridges and at least one trough, thereby forming a first space between two adjacent ridges, and passing air through at least one first space to remove heat from or add heat to the module and thereby regulating the temperature of the module to a desired temperature. 25. A method for regulating the temperature of a photovoltaic module comprising attaching a bottom side of a photovoltaic module to a support substrate, the support substrate comprising a plurality of ridges and at least one trough, thereby forming a first space between two adjacent ridges, and passing a fluid through conduits positioned in at least one first space whereby the fluid removes or adds heat to the first space and thereby regulating the temperature of the module to a desired temperature. 26. A system for generating electrical energy from solar energy comprising one or more photovoltaic units where each photovoltaic unit comprises a photovoltaic module having a light receiving top side, and a bottom side opposite the top side, a substrate attached to the bottom side of the module, the substrate comprising a plurality of ridges and at least one trough. 27. A method for obtaining heat energy from a photovoltaic module comprising attaching a bottom side of a photovoltaic module to a support substrate, the support substrate comprising a plurality of ridges and at least one trough, thereby forming a first space between two adjacent ridges, and passing air through at least one first space to remove heat from the module and thereby increasing the temperature of the air and forming air having higher heat energy. 28. The method for obtaining heat energy from a photovoltaic module comprising attaching a bottom side of a photovoltaic module to a support substrate, the support substrate comprising a plurality of ridges and at least one trough, thereby forming a first space between two adjacent ridges, and passing a fluid through at least one conduit positioned in at least one first space whereby the fluid removes heat from the module thereby increasing the temperature of the fluid and forming fluid having higher heat energy. 29. The method of claim 19 wherein the unit comprises a waterproof layer for the support structure. 