Provided herein the tools for assisting an individual in creating a permanent supply of virtual electricity by way of a standalone and/or network-based electric generator, windmill, and/or solar panels. An extension of these tools is the ability for an individual to independently regenerate, stockpile, regulate, and distribute electricity to eliminate blackouts and guarantee a secure and dependable flow of energy to homes, businesses, industries, and critical infrastructures.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A combined electronic commerce and electrical system comprising: an interface that allows the user to disconnect electrical grid system, authenticate the system for activation, access a digital use box and meter, regulate voltage to power outlets, monitor kilowatt usage and history, reset tripped circuits, view digital advertisements, and facilitate online customer billing and usage payments; an energy source that is an electric generator, windmill, solar panels, and/or utility service provider that allows an individual to independently regenerate, stockpile, relate, and distribute electricity; provides a controlled backup distribution of electricity to power outlets, and directs the controlled progress of rechargeable storage to storage devices; and an energy storage device that allows an individual to independently regenerate, stockpile, regulate, and distribute electricity, exploits battery storage to supply primary energy to power outlets, employs an electric generator, windmill, solar panels, and/or utility service provider to facilitate energy regeneration to alternative and backup storage devices, operates as a main power source to electric generator, and directs a controlled distribution of electricity to power outlets. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the advertising is displayed on the interface. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein the advertising is at least one of digital audio, digital video and multimedia. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the interface is connecting an online/offline computer, monitor, processor, and digital storage. 5. The system of claim 4, wherein the online/offline computer, monitor, processor, and digital storage are connecting an electric generator, windmill, and/or solar panels. 6. The system of claim 5, wherein the electric generator, windmill, and/or solar panels is connecting a battery/backup storage device to supply a controlled recharge to battery/backup storage device, and provide a secondary source of electricity to power outlets. 7. The system of claim 6, wherein the backup storage device is connecting a windmill, solar panels and/or utility service provider to provide a primary power source to electric generator. 8. The system of claim 6, wherein the alternating battery storage device is connecting an electric converter to produce an alternating current to power outlets, and provide a primary source of electricity to power outlets. 9. The system of claim 1, further comprising an electrical system allowing an individual to independently regenerate, stockpile, regulate, and distribute electricity. 10. A combined method for conducting electronic commerce and generating electricity comprising: an interface that allows the user to disconnect electrical grid system, authenticate the system for activation, access a digital fuse box/meter, regulate voltage to power outlets, monitor kilowatt usage and history, reset tripped circuits, view digital advertisements, and facilitate online customer billing and usage payments; an energy source that is an electric generator, windmill, and/or solar panels that allows an individual to independently regenerate, stockpile, regulate, and distribute electricity, provides a controlled backup distribution of electricity to power outlets, and directs the controlled progress of rechargeable storage; and an energy storage device that allows an individual to independently regenerate, stockpile, regulate, and distribute electricity, exploits battery storage to supply primary energy to power outlets, employs an electric generator, windmill, and/or solar panels to facilitate energy regeneration and storage to battery/backup, operates as a main power source to electric generator, and directs a controlled distribution of electricity to power outlets. 11. The system of claim 10, wherein the advertising is displayed on the interface. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein the advertising is at least one of digital audio, digital video and multimedia. 13. The method of claim 10, wherein the users interface is connecting an online/offline computer, monitor, processor, and digital storage. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein the online/offline computer, monitor, processor, and digital storage are connecting an electric generator, windmill, and/or solar panels. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein the electric generator, windmill, and/or solar panels is connecting a battery/backup storage device to supply a controlled recharge to battery/backup storage device, and provide a secondary source of electricity to power outlets. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein the backup storage device provide a primary power source to electric generator. 17. The method of claim 15, wherein the battery storage device connects an electric converter to produce an alternating current to power outlets, and provide a primary source of electricity to power outlets. 18. The method of claim 10, further comprising an electrical system allowing an individual to independently regenerate, stockpile, regulate, and distribute electricity. 19. A method of conducting business comprising: an interface that allows the user to disconnect electrical grid system, authenticate the system for activation, access a digital fuse box/meter, regulate voltage to power outlets, monitor kilowatt usage and history, reset tripped circuits, view digital advertisements, and facilitate online customer billing and usage payments; an energy source that is an electric generator, windmill, and/or solar panels that allows an individual to independently regenerate, stockpile, regulate, and distribute electricity, provides a controlled backup distribution of electricity to power outlets, and directs the controlled progress of rechargeable storage; and an energy storage device that allows an individual to independently regenerate, stockpile, regulate, and distribute electricity, exploits battery storage to supply primary energy to power outlets, employs an electric generator, windmill, and/or solar panels to facilitate energy regeneration and storage to battery/backup, operates as a main power source to electric generator, and directs a controlled distribution of electricity to power outlets. 20. The system of claim 19, wherein the advertising is displayed on the interface. 21. The system of claim 20, wherein the advertising is at least one of digital audio, digital video and multimedia. 22. The method of claim 19, wherein the users interface is connecting an online/offline computer, monitor, processor, and digital storage. 23. The method of claim 22, wherein the online/offline computer, monitor, processor, and digital storage are connecting an electric generator, windmill, and/or solar panels. 24. The method of claim 23, wherein the electric generator, windmill and/or solar panels is connecting a battery/backup storage device to supply a controlled recharge to battery/backup storage device, and provide a secondary source of electricity to power outlets. 25. The method of claim 24, wherein the backup storage device provide a primary power source to electric generator. 26. The method of claim 24, wherein the battery storage device connects an electric converter to produce an alternating current to power outlets, and provide a primary source of electricity to power outlets. 27. The method of claim 19, further comprising an electrical system allowing an individual to independently regenerate, stockpile, regulate, and distribute electricity. 28. An electrical system comprising: an interface that allows the user to disconnect electrical grid system, authenticate the system for activation, access a digital fuse box/meter, regulate voltage to power outlets, monitor kilowatt usage and history, reset tripped circuits, view digital advertisements, and facilitate online customer billing and usage payments; an energy source that is an electric generator, windmill, and/or solar panels that allows an individual to independently regenerate, stockpile, regulate, and distribute electricity, provides a controlled backup distribution of electricity to power outlets, and directs the controlled progress of rechargeable storage; and an energy storage device that allows an individual to independently regenerate, stockpile, regulate, and distribute electricity, exploits battery storage to supply primary energy to power outlets, employs an electric generator, windmill, and/or solar panels to facilitate energy regeneration and storage to battery/backup, operates as a main power source to electric generator, and directs a controlled distribution of electricity to power outlets. 29. The system of claim 28, wherein the advertising is displayed on the interface. 30. The system of claim 29, wherein the advertising is at least one of digital audio, digital video and multimedia. 31. The system of claim 28, wherein the users interface is connecting an online/offline computer, monitor, processor, and digital storage. 32. The system of claim 31, wherein the online/offline computer, monitor, processor, and digital storage are connecting an electric generator, windmill, and/or solar panels. 33. The system of claim 32, wherein the electric generator, windmill, and/or solar panels is connecting a battery/backup storage device to supply a controlled recharge to battery/backup storage device, and provide a secondary source of electricity to power outlets. 34. The system of claim 33, wherein the backup storage device provide a primary power source to electric generator. 35. The system of claim 33, wherein the battery storage device connects an electric converter to produce an alternating current to power outlets, and provide a primary source of electricity to power outlets. 36. The system of claim 28, further comprising an electrical system allowing an individual to independently regenerate, stockpile, regulate, and distribute electricity. 37. A method for generating electricity comprising: an interface that allows the user to disconnect electrical grid system, authenticate the system for activation, access a digital fuse box/meter, regulate voltage to power outlets, monitor kilowatt usage and history, reset tripped circuits, view digital advertisements, and facilitate online customer billing and usage payments; an energy source that is an electric generator, windmill, and/or solar panels that allows an individual to independently regenerate, stockpile, regulate, and distribute electricity, provides a controlled backup distribution of electricity to power outlets, and directs the controlled progress of rechargeable storage; and an energy storage device that allows an individual to independently regenerate, stockpile, regulate, and distribute electricity, exploits battery storage to supply primary energy to power outlets, employs an electric generator, windmill, and/or solar panels to facilitate energy regeneration and storage to battery/backup, operates as a main power source to electric generator, and directs a controlled distribution of electricity to power outlets. 38. The system of claim 37, wherein the advertising is displayed on the interface. 39. The system of claim 38, wherein the advertising is at least one of digital audio, digital video and multimedia. 40. The method of claim 37, wherein the users interface is connecting an online/offline computer, monitor, processor, and digital storage. 41. The method of claim 40, wherein the online/offline computer, monitor, processor, and digital storage are connecting an electric generator, windmill, and/or solar panels. 42. The method of claim 41, wherein the electric generator, windmill, and/or solar panels is connecting a battery/backup storage device to supply a controlled recharge to battery/backup storage device, and provide a secondary source of electricity to power outlets. 43. The method of claim 42, wherein the backup storage device provide a primary power source to electric generator. 44. The method of claim 42, wherein the battery storage device connects an electric converter to produce an alternating current to power outlets, and provide a primary source of electricity to power outlets. 45. The method of claim 37, further comprising an electrical system allowing an individual to independently regenerate stock, regulate, and distribute electricity. 