The invention relates to a domesticated collarless pet or pets containment system comprised of a series of detection sensors that serve to establish a boundary, a control means which serves to monitor the detection sensors and should a pet or pets advance beyond the established boundary the control means would activate the perceptive sanctioning means, whereby the perceptive sanctioning means may essentially be comprised of water, however the sanctioning means is environmentally friendly and harmless to all life forms. The sanctioning means could further include an audio means whereby the audio means is activated in conjunction with the perceptive sanctioning means. It may, however, be desirable to deactivate the audio sanctioning means during the hours of darkness. However, careful consideration should be given to local noise ordnances.
Claims What is claimed: 1. A collarless pet containment system to limit the movement of a domesticated pet or pets to within an established boundary comprising: an electrical power source; a sensing means to reveal that a pet or pets has advanced beyond an established boundary; a control means to monitor the sensing means and to activate and deactivate the sanctioning means; a perceptible sanctioning means. 2. The collarless pet containment system, according to claim 1, whereby the electrical power source is implemented by means of a photovoltaic panel or panels and a battery, whereby during the hours of daylight the photovoltaic panel or panels serve as the electrical power source for the control means and recharge the battery which serves as the electrical power source for the control means during the hours of darkness. 3. The collarless pet containment system, according to claim 1, whereby the sensing means is implemented such as to comprise an established boundary. 4. The collarless pet containment system, according to claim 1, whereby the perceptible sanctioning means forms a barrier which precludes a pet or pets from progressing beyond an established boundary. 5. A collarless pet containment system to limit the movement of a domesticated pet or pets to within an established boundary comprising: an electrical power source; a sensing means to reveal that a pet or pets has advanced beyond an established boundary; a control means to monitor the sensing means and to activate and deactivate the sanctioning means; a perceptible and an audio sanctioning means. 6. The collarless pet containment system, according to claim 1, whereby the electrical power source is implemented by means of a photovoltaic panel or panels and a battery, whereby during the hours of daylight the photovoltaic panel or panels serve as the electrical power source for the control means and recharge the battery which serves as the electrical power source for the control means during the hours of darkness. 7. The collarless pet containment system, according to claim 5, whereby the sensing means is implemented such as to comprise an established boundary. 8. The collarless pet containment system, according to claim 5, whereby a perceptible and an audio sanctioning means forms a barrier which precludes a pet or pets from progressing beyond an established boundary. 