A chair (1), bed, lounge or other similar type structure has electrical functions or features and also has an energy converter (21, 9, 59) which produces electrical power from conditions to which the structure is exposed on a regular basis to power the functions or features.
Claims 1. A member selected from the group of members consisting of a chair member, a bed member and a lounge member, said member including means having electrical power requirements, said means having electrical power requirements being an information output device which outputs information from said member, said member also having an energy converter which converts energy to which the chair is exposed to electrical energy for powering said information output device. 2. A member as claimed in claim 1 wherein said energy converter comprises a solar panel provided on an exposed surface of said member. 3. A member as claimed in claim 1 wherein said information output device comprises a biorhythm sensor. 4. A member as claimed in claim 3 including a digital display also powered by said energy converter and displaying information from said biorhythm sensor. 5. A member as claimed in claim 1 wherein said energy converter converts motion of a moveable chair part of the chair to electrical energy. 6. A member as claimed in claim 1 wherein said information output device comprises a control for a moveable part of said chair, said control outputting information regarding directions of use of said control without producing the movement of the moveable chair part. 7. A member as claimed in claim 6 wherein said control provides audio feedback providing the directions for use of said control. 8. A member as claimed in claim 6 including a visual display also powered by said energy converter, said visual display visually displaying the directions for use of the control. 9. A member as claimed in claim 1 including a power pack which is charged by said energy converter, said power pack storing the electrical energy and dispersing the electrical energy as required. 10. A member as claimed in claim 9 wherein said chair includes rolling casters for generating said electrical energy. 11. A member as claimed in claim 9 wherein said chair has a back and seat and a moveable hinge between said back and seat for generating said electrical energy. 12. A member as claimed in claim 9 having electrically operated body repositioning means powered by said energy converter and power pack. 13. A member as claimed in claim 12 wherein said member comprises a chair and said body repositioning means comprises a lumbar adjustment member, and said chair further includes an electrically operated timer which provides timed interval repositioning of said lumbar adjustment members. 14. A member as claimed in claim 9 wherein said member includes: (a) an electrically operated vibrator powered by said energy converter and power pack; and (b) an electrically operated timer which is powered by said energy converter and which provides timed operation of said vibrator. 15. A member as claimed in claim 1 wherein information output device is a heart rate monitor. 16. A member selected from the group of members consisting of a chair member, a bed member and a lounge member, said member including means having electrical power requirements and a generator for converting motion of said member to electrical energy for meeting said member's electrical power requirements. 17. A member as claimed in claim 16 wherein said member includes moveable casters and said generator is disposed in said casters. 18. A member as claimed in claim 16 wherein said member comprises a chair having a back and seat, and a moveable hinge between said back and seat for generating said electrical power requirements. 19. A member as claimed in claim 17 further including a solar panel for generating electrical power in addition to said generator. 20. A member as claimed in claim 16 wherein said member comprises a chair having an open mesh back and a blower disposed adjacent said open mesh back, said blower powered by said generator. 