An automated assembly for operating a lock in a door includes a housing, a lock conversion assembly, and a powered drive mechanism. The housing includes an opening dimensioned to receive a lock cylinder that has been removed from a lock in a door to which the assembly can mount. The lock conversion assembly extends from the housing and can be received in the opening in the door once occupied by the mortise and/or rim cylinder. The lock conversion assembly operates the door lock. A method for converting a manual cylinder lock to an automated lock is also provided. A deadbolt lock assembly is also disclosed.
Claims 1. An automated assembly for operating a lock in a door, the assembly comprising: a housing; a lock adapter assembly having at least a portion extending away from the housing and shaped to be received in an opening in a door lock that was once occupied by a lock cylinder, the lock adapter assembly including a mounting member for mounting a cam that corresponds to the lock cylinder; and a powered drive mechanism for driving the lock adapter assembly. 2. The assembly of claim 1, further comprising a conversion cam for mounting to the lock cylinder, the conversion cam cooperating with at least one of the lock adapter assembly and the powered drive mechanism such that movement of the conversion cam results in the mounting member moving the cam to operate the door lock. 3. The assembly of claim 2, wherein the conversion cam operatively engages the lock adapter assembly. 4. The assembly of claim 2, further comprising a sensor in electrical communication with the powered drive mechanism, wherein the conversion cam cooperates with the sensor to deliver a signal to the powered drive mechanism. 5. The assembly of claim 1, wherein the lock adapter assembly is adjustable with respect to the housing such that the lock adapter assembly can move along an axis to accommodate different door thicknesses while still engaging the transmission. 6. The assembly of claim 5, wherein the lock adapter assembly includes an axially elongated gear adapted to engage the transmission at different locations along the gear. 7. The assembly of claim 1, further comprising an internal power source disposed in the housing and in electrical communication with the powered drive mechanism. 8. The assembly of claim 7, wherein the internal power source comprises a solar cell. 9. The assembly of claim 1, further comprising a receiver in electrical communication with the drive mechanism, wherein the receiver receives a remote signal that controls delivery of power to the drive mechanism. 10. The assembly of claim 1, further comprising a handle and sensor assembly for delivering a signal to the powered drive mechanism. 11. A method for converting a manual cylinder lock to an automated cylinder lock, the method comprising: removing a lock cylinder from a door lock, whereby an opening remains in a door; removing a cam that cooperated with the door lock from the lock cylinder; attaching the cam that was removed from the lock cylinder to a lock adapter assembly of an automated lock assembly comprising the lock adapter assembly, a powered drive assembly for powering the lock adapter assembly, and a housing for the lock adapter assembly; and mounting the automated lock assembly to the door such that at least a portion of the lock adapter assembly fits into the cylindrical opening of the door. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein the mounting step allows for adjusting a distance the lock adapter assembly extends from the housing. 13. An assembly comprising: a housing; a powered drive mechanism disposed in the housing; a gear train operatively connected to the powered drive mechanism and comprising interchangeable components to drive a deadbolt; and a power source disposed in the housing and in electrical communication with the powered drive mechanism. 14. The assembly of claim 13, further comprising a solar panel attached to the housing in electrical communication with the power source. 15. The assembly of claim 13, further comprising a deadbolt operatively connected to the gear train, wherein the gear train is adaptable to drive the deadbolt in two different directions that are offset 180.degree. from one another. 16. The assembly of claim 15, wherein the gear train translates rotational movement into linear movement. 17. The assembly of claim 16, wherein the deadbolt is driven by the gear train along a linear path. 18. The assembly of claim 16, wherein the housing includes an opening disposed in at least one of a top and bottom of the housing dimensioned so that the deadbolt can pass through the opening. 19. The assembly of claim 13, wherein the housing includes first and second deadbolt openings each having at least substantially the same dimensions disposed on opposite sides of the housing. 20. The assembly of claim 13, further comprising a receiver in electrical communication with the drive mechanism, wherein the receiver receives a remote signal that controls delivery of power to the drive mechanism. 