A pressure indicator for positive pressure protection masks, including powered air purifying respirators (PAPRs) that monitors and determines relative air pressure between the internal space of a protection mask and the ambient environment to alert users of negative or threshold level air pressure, and in turn, to ensure safe operation of the protection masks. The pressure indicator, which is incorporated in the mask, alerts users when the air pressure in the mask reaches a critical level by transmitting optical signals, auditory signals, vibrational signals or a combination thereof that are detectable by the user. The optical signals are projected into the user's line of vision either directly or through a head-up display. The pressure indicator may cause the signal to indicate a safe and danger mode, or may cause the signal to indicate only during a danger mode.
Claims 1. A pressure indicator for positive pressure protection masks, comprising: a protection mask; and a pressure indicator incorporated into a body of the protection mask, wherein the pressure indicator detects an internal air pressure within the mask. 2. The pressure indicator according to claim 1, wherein the pressure indicator detects the internal air pressure within the mask relative to an air pressure of an ambient environment outside of the mask. 3. The pressure indicator according to claim 2, wherein the pressure indicator indicates a negative pressure level. 4. The pressure indicator according to claim 2, wherein the pressure indicator indicates a positive pressure level and a negative pressure level. 5. The pressure indicator according to claim 1, wherein the pressure indicator further comprises: a vent to the ambient environment; and a vent to an internal space of the mask connected to the vent to ambient air. 6. The pressure indicator according to claim 1, wherein the pressure indicator extends outwardly from an outer surface of the mask and inwardly from an inner surface of the mask. 7. The pressure indicator according to claim 5, wherein the vent to ambient air is exposed to an ambient environment outside of the mask and the vent to the internal space of the mask is exposed to the air between an inner surface of the mask and a user's face. 8. The pressure indicator according to claim 1, wherein the pressure indicator is disposed proximate a lens of the protection mask. 9. The pressure indicator according to claim 8, wherein the pressure indicator is disposed in a base of the lens. 10. The pressure indicator according to claim 8, wherein a pressure indicator is disposed in a base of each lenses lens. 11. The pressure indicator according to claim 1 further comprising: a signaling device linked to the pressure indicator, wherein the signaling device emits a signal at a threshold internal air pressure. 12. The pressure indicator according to claim 11, wherein the internal threshold pressure is greater than or equal to zero. 13. The pressure indicator according to claim 11, wherein the signaling device is selected from a group including at least one of optical, auditory and/or vibrational signals. 14. The pressure indicator according to claim 13, wherein the optical signal is emitted by a light diode. 15. The pressure indicator according to claim 13, wherein the light diode is color coded to correspond to positive and negative air pressure values. 16. The pressure indicator according to claim 15, wherein the light diode is colored red for a negative pressure value and green for a positive pressure value. 17. The pressure indicator according to claim 15, wherein the light diode is colored red for a negative pressure value, green for a positive pressure value greater than or equal to 2 mbars, and yellow for a pressure value greater than and equal to zero mbars and less than 2 mbars. 18. The pressure indicator according to claim 13, wherein the optical signal is emitted directly into a field of vision of the user. 19. The pressure indicator according to claim 13, wherein the optical signal is emitted to a visor of the mask, providing a head up display. 20. The pressure indicator according to claim 1, wherein the positive pressure protection mask is a powered air purifying respirator. 21. The pressure indicator according to claim 1, wherein the pressure indicator measures and displays an actual pressure value. 22. The pressure indicator according to claim 21, wherein the pressure indicator further comprises: a digital monitor that displays the actual pressure value. 23. The pressure indicator according to claim 1, wherein the pressure indicator is selected from a group including a Bourdon tube indicator, a spring loaded sensor, a bellows indicator and a tubular indicator. 24. The pressure indicator according to claim 1, wherein the pressure indicator is powered by a power device. 25. The pressure indicator according to claim 24, wherein the power device is one selected from a group including a battery, fuel cell, solar cell, and piezo electric device. 26. The pressure indicator according to claim 24, wherein the power device is integrated with the pressure indicator. 27. The pressure indicator according to claim 24, wherein the power device also powers a blower. 28. The pressure indicator according to claim 1, wherein the pressure indicator is a diaphragm-type sensor having at least one diaphragm. 29. The pressure indicator according to claim 28, wherein the diaphragm-type sensor is housed in a dual chamber. 30. The pressure indicator according to claim 28, wherein the at least one diaphragm is composed of EPDM. 31. The pressure indicator according to claim 28, wherein the at least one diaphragm is supported by an expandable disc which is attached at a dividing partition of the sensor. 32. The pressure indicator according to claim 1, wherein the pressure indicator is a piezo resistive type sensor. 33. The pressure indicator according to claim 32, wherein the piezo resistive type sensor further comprises: a digital readout that indicates the actual pressure determined by the sensor. 34. The pressure indicator according to claim 1, wherein the pressure indicator extending outside the mask further comprises: an LED optical signaling device. 