A modular shade system with solar tracking panels includes a series of generally North-South oriented, spaced apart torque tubes, each torque tube having an axis, a series of panels mounted to at least some of the torque tubes to create spaced-apart rows of panels along the torque tubes, at least some of the panels being solar collector panels. The system also includes a shade structure, positioned at a selected location between selected ones of the torque tubes and above the support surface so to provide an enhanced shaded region thereunder, and a support structure. The support structure includes a first mounting assembly mounting each torque tube above the support surface for rotation about the axis of each torque tube and a second mounting assembly supporting the shade structure at the selected location. The system further comprises a tilting assembly selectively rotating each torque tube about its axis.
Claims 1. A modular shade system with solar tracking panels for use on a support surface comprising: a series of generally North-South oriented, spaced apart torque tubes, each torque tube having an axis; panels mounted to at least some of the torque tubes to create spaced-apart rows of panels along said torque tubes, at least some of the panels being solar collector panels; a shade structure positioned at a selected location between selected ones of the torque tubes and above the support surface so to provide an enhanced shaded region thereunder; a support structure comprising: a first mounting assembly mounting each torque tube above the support surface for rotation about the axis of each said torque tube; and a second mounting assembly supporting the shade structure at the selected location; and a tilting assembly selectively rotating each torque tube about its axis. 2. The system according to claim 1 wherein the first mounting assembly comprises: pivot connectors; Southside supports pivotally connected to the torque tubes by the pivot connectors; and Northside supports pivotally connected to the torque tubes by the pivot connectors. 3. The system according to claim 1 wherein the Southside and Northside supports comprise vertical posts. 4. The system according to claim 1 wherein the second mounting assembly comprises vertically extending posts supporting East-West extending shade support bars. 5. The system according to claim 1 wherein the tilting assembly comprises a drive element associated with each torque tube, a drive element coupler operably coupling each drive element, and a driver drivingly coupled to at least one drive element or drive element coupler so to simultaneously rotate the torque tubes about their associated axes and simultaneously tilt the panels mounted to the torque tubes. 6. The system according to claim 1 wherein the solar collector panels comprise a light concentrator type of solar collector panel. 7. The system according to claim 1 wherein the solar collector panels comprise a light concentrator type of photovoltaic (PV) panel. 8. The system according to claim 1 wherein the panels are modular panels. 9. The system according to claim 8 wherein the modular panels comprise light-transmissive panels. 10. The system according to claim 9 wherein the light-transmissive panels are placed adjacent to one another. 11. The shading system according to claim 8 wherein the modular panels comprise PV panels and light-transmissive panels. 12. The system according to claim 8 wherein the modular panels comprise PV panels. 13. The system according to claim 12 further comprising protective panels mounted opposite the lower surfaces of the PV modules. 14. The system according to claim 13 wherein the protective panels comprise at least one of wire mesh, sheet metal, perforated sheet metal, plastic, perforated plastic, cement board, perforated cement board, and phosphorescent material. 15. The system according to claim 13 wherein the PV modules and the protective panels are constructed to permit some light to pass therethrough. 16. The system according to claim 13 wherein the protective panels have a convex lower surface. 17. The system according to claim 13 wherein the protective panels are perforated. 18. The system according to claim 8 wherein the modular panels comprise phosphorescent modular panels to provide passive nighttime illumination beneath support structure. 19. The system according to claim 8 wherein the modular panels comprise illuminated panels. 20. The system according to claim 8 wherein the modular panels comprise space cooling elements comprising at least one of spray misters for evaporative cooling, fans, pumps, wetted canvas, water storage containers, tubing, and evaporative spouts. 21. The system according to claim 1 further including modular features for multi-functionality and customization. 22. The system according to claim 21 wherein said modular features include elements for space cooling comprising at least one of spray, fans, pumps, wetted canvas, water storage containers, tubing, and evaporative spouts. 23. The system according to claim 21 wherein said modular features include elements for water collection and drainage. 24. The system according to claim 21 wherein said modular features comprise acoustical control panels. 25. The system according to claim 21 wherein said modular features comprise at least one of seating elements, planting elements, playground elements, restroom elements, signage elements, antennae modules, payment machines, and stage elements. 26. The system according to claim 21 wherein said modular features comprise a rail transportation element. 27. The system according to claim 21 wherein said modular features comprise a fuel cell charging system. 28. The system according to claim 21 wherein said modular features comprise a hydrogen production device. 29. The system according to claim 21 wherein said modular features comprise a hydrogen storage device. 30. The system according to claim 21 wherein said modular features comprise inverters for converting dc to ac electricity. 31. The system according to claim 21 wherein said modular features comprise electrical wireways. 32. The system according to claim 21 wherein said modular features comprise elements which facilitate roller skating, ice skating, car shows, horse riding, housing the homeless, farmers markets, soccer matches, tennis matches, concerts, lightshows, fitness, transportation nodes. 33. A modular shade system with solar tracking panels comprising: a support surface; a series of generally North-South oriented, spaced apart torque tubes, each torque tube having an axis; panels mounted to at least some of the torque tubes to create spaced-apart rows of panels along said torque tubes, at least some of the panels being solar collector panels; a shade structure positioned at a selected location between selected ones of the torque tubes and above the support surface so to provide an enhanced shaded region thereunder; a support structure comprising: a first mounting assembly mounting each torque tube above the support surface for rotation about the axis of each said torque tube; and a second mounting assembly supporting the shade structure at the selected location; and a tilting assembly selectively rotating each torque tube about its axis. 34. The system according to claim 33 wherein the support surface comprises the ground. 35. The system according to claim 33 wherein the support surface comprises a roof. 36. The system according to claim 33 wherein the support surface comprises a vehicular parking area having parking stalls at the enhanced shaded region and the traffic regions adjacent to the parking stalls. 