An artificial vision system including a sealed capsule adapted for intraocular placement upstream of a retina, an electronic display located within the sealed capsule and focusing optics located within the sealed capsule and arranged for focusing an image on the electronic display onto the retina.
Claims 1. An artificial vision system comprising: a sealed capsule adapted for intraocular placement upstream of a retina; an electronic display located within said sealed capsule; and focusing optics located within said sealed capsule and arranged for focusing an image on said electronic display onto the retina. 2. An artificial vision system according to claim 1 and wherein said electronic display comprises an LCD display. 3. An artificial vision system according to claim 1 and also comprising electronic circuitry located within said sealed capsule for operating said electronic display, said electronic circuitry being located outside an optical path defined between said electronic display and said focusing optics. 4. An artificial vision system according to claim 3 and wherein said electronic circuitry comprises a wireless data receiver operative to receive image data for display on said electronic display. 5. An artificial vision system according to claim 3 and wherein said electronic circuitry comprises a wireless energy receiver for wirelessly receiving electrical energy for operating said electronic display. 6. An artificial vision system according to claim 4 and also comprising wireless image transmission functionality operative to transmit said image data to said wireless data receiver. 7. An artificial vision system according to claim 6 and wherein said wireless image transmission functionality includes at least one of RF and IR image transmission functionality. 8. An artificial vision system according to claim 3 and wherein said electronic circuitry comprises an electrical power source for providing electrical energy for operating said electronic display. 9. An artificial vision system according to claim 8 and wherein said power source for providing electrical energy for operating said electronic display is a rechargeable power source. 10. An artificial vision system according to claim 8 and wherein said power source for providing electrical energy for operating said electronic display is a wirelessly rechargeable power source. 11. An artificial vision system according to claim 9 and wherein said power source for providing electrical energy for operating said electronic display is rechargeable using at least one of ultrasonic, electromagnetic and photovoltaic power source. 12. An artificial vision system according to claim 1 and also comprising an image acquirer for acquiring an image to be displayed on said electronic display. 13. An artificial vision system according to claim 12 and wherein said image acquirer is mounted onto eyeglasses. 14. An artificial vision system according to claim 1 and wherein said focusing optics comprises a single lens. 15. An artificial vision system according to claim 1 and wherein said focusing optics comprises multiple lenses. 16. A method for providing artificial vision comprising: implanting a sealed capsule in a user's eye upstream of a retina, said sealed capsule incorporating an electronic display and focusing optics for focusing an image on said electronic display onto the retina; acquiring image data; and transmitting said image data to said electronic display for display thereon. 17. A method for providing artificial vision according to claim 16 and wherein said transmitting comprises wireless transmission to electronic circuitry located within said sealed capsule for operating said electronic display. 18. A method for providing artificial vision according to claim 16 and also comprising wirelessly transmitting electrical energy for operating said electronic display to a location inside said capsule. 19. An intraocular implant, for placement upstream of a retina, comprising: a telescope body defining an optical path for light to pass therethrough; at least one first lens and at least one second lens enclosed in said telescope body; positioning means, for positioning at least one of said lenses along its optical axis relative to another at least one of said lenses, operative to focus objects located at multiple distances onto the retina; and mounting structure connected to said telescope body for mounting said implant in an eye. 20. An intraocular implant according to claim 19 and wherein said positioning means comprises a range finder. 21. An intraocular implant according to claim 19 and wherein said positioning means comprises a focus resolver. 22. An intraocular implant according to claim 19 and wherein said positioning means is responsive to a user input. 23. An intraocular implant according to claim 19 and wherein said positioning means comprises: a mounting for at least one of said lenses; at least one magnet; and at least one electromagnetic coil, interacting with said at least one magnet. 24. An intraocular implant according to claim 19 and wherein said positioning means is responsive to an input from an input device external to said telescope body. 25. An intraocular implant system comprising: a sealed capsule comprising: at least one negative lens; and at least one air bubble; and at least one positive lens located outside said sealed capsule. 26. An intraocular implant system according to claim 25 and wherein said at least one positive lens comprises an eyeglass lens. 27. An intraocular implant system according to claim 25 and wherein said at least one positive lens comprises a contact lens. 28. An intraocular implant system according to claim 25 and wherein said at least one positive lens comprises a lens implanted in an eye. 29. An intraocular implant system according to claim 28 and wherein said implanted lens comprises an air capsule. 30. An intraocular implant system according to claim 25 and wherein an external wall of said sealed capsule comprises said at least one negative lens. 31. An intraocular implant system comprising: a sealed capsule comprising: at least one positive lens; and at least one air bubble; and at least one negative lens located outside said sealed capsule. 32. An intraocular implant system according to claim 31 and wherein said at least one negative lens comprises an eyeglass lens. 33. An intraocular implant system according to claim 31 and wherein said at least one negative lens comprises a contact lens. 34. An intraocular implant system according to claim 31 and wherein said at least one negative lens comprises a lens implanted in an eye. 35. An intraocular implant system according to claim 34 and wherein said implanted lens comprises an air capsule. 36. An intraocular implant system according to claim 31 and wherein an external wall of said sealed capsule comprises said at least one positive lens. 37. An intraocular implant system for use in an environment wherein at least one negative lens is located outside the lens capsule of an eye, the system including a sealed capsule comprising: at least one positive lens cooperating with said at least one negative lens to define a Galilean telescope; and at least one air bubble. 38. An intraocular implant system according to claim 37 and wherein said at least one negative lens is produced by reshaping of the cornea. 39. An intraocular implant system according to claim 37 and wherein said at least one negative lens comprises an eyeglass lens. 40. An intraocular implant system according to claim 37 and wherein said at least one negative lens comprises a contact lens. 41. An intraocular implant system according to claim 37 and wherein said at least one negative lens comprises a lens implanted in an eye. 42. An intraocular implant system according to claim 41 and wherein said implanted lens comprises an air capsule. 43. An intraocular implant system according to claim 37 and wherein an external wall of said sealed capsule comprises said at least one positive lens. 44. An intraocular implant system for use in an environment wherein at least one positive lens is located outside the lens capsule of an eye, the system including a sealed capsule comprising: at least one negative lens cooperating with said at least one positive lens to define a Galilean telescope; and at least one air bubble. 45. An intraocular implant system according to claim 44 and wherein said at least one positive lens is produced by reshaping of the cornea. 46. An intraocular implant system according to claim 44 and wherein said at least one positive lens comprises an eyeglass lens. 47. An intraocular implant system according to claim 44 and wherein said at least one positive lens comprises a contact lens. 48. An intraocular implant system according to claim 44 and wherein said at least one positive lens comprises a lens implanted in an eye. 49. An intraocular implant system according to claim 48 and wherein said implanted lens comprises an air capsule. 50. An intraocular implant system according to claim 44 and wherein an external wall of said sealed capsule comprises said at least one negative lens. 51. A method of improving vision comprising: implanting a sealed capsule upstream of a retina, said sealed capsule including an electronic display and focusing optics; and employing said electronic display and focusing optics for focusing an image appearing on said electronic display onto the retina. 52. A method according to claim 51 and also comprising: employing a wireless data receiver operative to receive image data; and displaying said image data on said electronic display. 53. A method according to claim 51 and also comprising employing a wireless energy receiver for wirelessly receiving electrical energy for operating said electronic display. 54. A method according to claim 52 and also comprising wirelessly transmitting said image data to said wireless data receiver. 55. A method according to claim 54 and wherein said wirelessly transmitting includes wirelessly transmitting using at least one of RF and IR image transmission functionality. 56. A method according to claim 51 and also comprising employing an electrical power source for providing electrical energy for operating said electronic display. 57. A method according to claim 51 and also comprising acquiring an image to be displayed on said electronic display. 58. A method according to claim 57 and wherein said acquiring includes acquiring employing an image acquirer mounted onto eyeglasses. 59. A method of improving vision comprising: providing an intraocular implant including a telescope body defining an optical path for light to pass therethrough, at least one first lens and at least one second lens enclosed in said telescope body, positioning means for positioning at least one of said lenses along its optical axis relative to another at least one of said lenses, operative to focus objects located at multiple distances onto a retina of an eye; and implanting said implant upstream of said retina. 60. A method according to claim 59 and also comprising: providing an input to said positioning means; and positioning said at least one of said lenses in response to said input. 61. A method according to claim 60 and wherein said providing an input comprises providing an input from an input device external to said telescope body. 62. A method of improving vision comprising: implanting a sealed capsule upstream of a retina in an eye, said sealed capsule including at least one negative lens and at least one air bubble; and providing at least one positive lens located outside said sealed capsule. 63. A method according to claim 62 and wherein said providing comprises providing an eyeglass lens. 64. An intraocular implant system according to claim 62 and wherein said providing comprises providing a contact lens. 65. An intraocular implant system according to claim 62 and wherein said providing comprises implanting a lens in said eye. 66. A method according to claim 65 and wherein said implanting a lens comprises implanting a lens including an air capsule. 67. A method of improving vision comprising: implanting a sealed capsule upstream of a retina in an eye, said sealed capsule including at least one positive lens and at least one air bubble; and providing at least one negative lens located outside said sealed capsule. 68. A method according to claim 67 and wherein said wherein said providing comprises providing an eyeglass lens. 69. An intraocular implant system according to claim 67 and wherein said providing comprises providing a contact lens. 70. An intraocular implant system according to claim 67 and wherein said providing comprises implanting a lens in said eye. 71. A method according to claim 67 and wherein said implanting a lens comprises implanting a lens including an air capsule. 72. A method of improving vision comprising: providing at least one negative lens located outside the lens capsule of an eye; and implanting a sealed capsule upstream of a retina in said eye, said sealed capsule including at least one air bubble and at least one positive lens cooperating with said at least one negative lens to define a Galilean telescope. 73. A method according to claim 72 and also comprising reshaping the cornea of said eye to produce said at least one negative lens. 74. A method according to claim 72 and wherein said providing comprises providing an eyeglass lens. 75. A method according to claim 72 and wherein said providing comprises providing a contact lens. 76. A method according to claim 72 and wherein said providing comprises implanting a lens in said eye. 77. A method according to claim 72 and wherein said implanting a lens comprises implanting a lens including an air capsule. 78. A method of improving vision comprising: providing at least one positive lens located outside the lens capsule of an eye; and implanting a sealed capsule upstream of a retina in said eye, said sealed capsule including at least one air bubble and at least one negative lens cooperating with said at least one positive lens to define a Galilean telescope. 79. A method according to claim 78 and also comprising reshaping the cornea of said eye to produce said at least one positive lens. 80. A method according to claim 78 and wherein said providing comprises providing an eyeglass lens. 81. A method according to claim 78 and wherein said providing comprises providing a contact lens. 82. A method according to claim 78 and wherein said providing comprises implanting a lens in said eye. 83. A method according to claim 78 and wherein said implanting a lens comprises implanting a lens including an air capsule. 