A roof cover type solar cell module includes a roof cover base member and a power generating unit. The roof cover base member has a mounting surface to which the power generating unit is mounted, and an underlap that can mate with an adjacent roof cover. The power generating unit is mounted to the mounting surface, leaving a part of the mounting surface uncovered. Thus, a roof cover type solar cell module for which a variety of materials can be used for the roof cover base member, which can be produced at low cost, and which is excellent in stability when placed on the roof surface, and also excellent in workability, weather resistance and design property, is provided.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A roof cover type solar cell module, comprising: a roof cover base member having a mounting surface and a structure allowing mating with an adjacent roof cover; and a power generating unit mounted to said mounting surface, with a part of said mounting surface exposed. 2. The roof cover type solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein said power generating unit is mounted to said mounting surface, with a part of said mounting surface exposed in the vicinity of at least one vertex of a polygon constituting a contour of said mounting surface. 3. The roof cover type solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein said mounting surface has a contour of n-gon (n is a natural number), and said power generating unit has a contour of (n+1)-gon or (n+2)-gon (n is a natural number). 4. The roof cover type solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein said mounting surface has a contour of tetragon, and said power generating unit has a contour of pentagon or hexagon with one or two vertices of the tetragon congruent with said mounting surface truncated. 5. The roof cover type solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein said exposed part of said mounting surface is provided with at least one hole for driving a nail or a screw in, to secure said roof cover base member to an adjacent roof. 6. The roof cover type solar cell module according to claim 5, wherein said hole for driving a nail or a screw in is provided on a projection that is formed at said exposed part of said mounting surface, and said projection has a height greater than a thickness of said power generating unit. 7. The roof cover type solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein an intermodule fixing tool is attached to said exposed part of said mounting surface, and said intermodule fixing tool is configured such that, when a plurality of said roof cover type solar cell modules are placed on a roof surface, said roof cover type solar cell modules located at the eaves side and the ridge side are secured to each other. 8. The roof cover type solar cell module according to claim 7, wherein said roof cover type solar cell module located at the ridge side is provided with a rib on the eaves side of said roof cover base member, and said rib is configured to be hooked on said intermodule fixing tool of said roof cover type solar cell module located at the eaves side. 9. The roof cover type solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein said roof cover base member is provided with a notch that is open to the ridge side, and said notch is configured to make a terminal box provided at said power generating unit exposed to the roof surface side. 10. The roof cover type solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein said roof cover base member and said power generating unit are secured by adhesion. 11. The roof cover type solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein said roof cover base member is provided with a concave portion configured to receive an adhesive therein. 12. The roof cover type solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein said roof cover base member has a facing cover attached on the eaves side, and said facing cover covers the eaves side end portion of said roof cover base member when said roof cover type solar cell module is placed on the roof surface. 