An auxiliary rear view mirror assembly for increasing a driver's lateral and rearward field of vision without adversely affecting the driver's forward field of vision. The auxiliary rear view mirror assembly is mounted at the rear of a vehicle in a location which is visible in a main rear view mirror of the vehicle. The auxiliary rear view mirror assembly is comprised of a pair of auxiliary rear view mirrors which are independently selectively adjustable about a pair of axes and selectively adjustable about a second axis which is in orthogonal relationship to the first pair of axis. In a first embodiment, the auxiliary rear view mirror assembly is mounted on a rear window of the vehicle. In a second embodiment, the auxiliary rear view mirror assembly is mounted on a rear brake light. In a third embodiment, the auxiliary rear vew mirror assembly is combined with a rear brake light and is remotely adjustable by a set of controls which are accessible to the driver.
Claims What we claim is new is: 1. A vehicle auxiliary rear view mirror assembly adapted to be mounted in a rear portion of said vehicle and including at least one auxiliary rear view mirror which is viewable by a driver of said vehicle from a main rear view mirror of said vehicle and which is selectively adjustable about a first axis and being selectively adjustable about a second axis which is in orthogonal relationship to said first axis to increase said driver's rearward and lateral fields of vision without adversely affecting said driver's forward field of vision. 2. The auxiliary rear view mirror assembly recited in claim 1 further comprising a second auxiliary rear view mirror adapted to be mounted in said rear portion of said vehicle, said second auxiliary rear view mirror being selectively adjustable about a first axis and selectively adjustable about a second axis which is in orthogonal relationship to said first axis to further increase said rearward and lateral fields of vision of said driver without adversely affecting said driver's forward field of vision. 3. The auxiliary rear view mirror assembly recited in claim 1 wherein said auxiliary rear view assembly is mounted on a rear window of said vehicle. 4. The auxiliary rear view mirror assembly recited in claim 1 wherein said auxiliary rear view assembly is mounted on a rear brake light housing of said vehicle. 5. The auxiliary rear view mirror assembly recited in claim 1 wherein said auxiliary rear view mirror is a circular shaped mirror. 6. The auxiliary rear view mirror assembly recited in claim 6 wherein said circular auxiliary rear view mirror is a convex shaped mirror. 7. An auxiliary rear view mirror assembly for a vehicle adapted to be mounted in a rear portion of said vehicle, said auxiliary rear view mirror assembly including a pair of auxiliary rear view mirrors, each of said pair of auxiliary rear view mirrors being viewable by a driver of said vehicle from a main rear view mirror of said vehicle and being selectively adjustable about a first axis and selectively adjustable about a second axis which is in orthogonal relationship to said first axis to increase said driver's rearward and lateral fields of vision without adversely affecting said driver's forward field of vision. 8. An auxiliary rear view mirror assembly for a vehicle adapted to be mounted in a rear portion of said vehicle, said auxiliary rear view mirror assembly including a base structure for pivotally mounting at least one auxiliary rear view mirror; an auxiliary rear view mirror mounted on said base structure for rotation about an axis; a bracket for mounting said base structure on a vehicle and selectively adjusting said mirror about a second axis which is in orthogonal relationship to said first axis, said auxiliary rear view mirror being viewable by a driver of said vehicle from a main rear view mirror of said vehicle to increase said driver's rearward and lateral fields of vision without adversely affecting said driver's forward field of vision. 9. The auxiliary rear view mirror assembly for a vehicle recited in claim 8 further comprising a hood for shielding said auxiliary rear view mirror from solar and headlight rays. 10. An auxiliary rear view mirror assembly for a vehicle adapted to be mounted on a rear window of said vehicle and including at least one auxiliary rear view mirror which is viewable by a driver of said vehicle from a main rear view mirror of said vehicle and is selectively adjustable about an axis to increase said driver's rearward and lateral fields of vision without adversely affecting said driver's forward field of vision. 11. The auxiliary rear view mirror assembly for a vehicle recited in claim 10 wherein said auxiliary rear view mirror is further selectively adjustable about a second axis which is in orthogonal relationship to said first axis. 12. In a common housing with a vehicle rear brake light, at least one auxiliary rear view mirror which is viewable by a driver of said vehicle from a main rear view mirror of said vehicle and is selectively adjustable about at least one axis to increase said driver's rearward and lateral fields of vision without adversely affecting said driver's forward field of vision. 13. The combination recited in claim 12 further comprising a second auxiliary mirror mounted in said housing which is viewable by said driver of said vehicle from said main rear view mirror of said vehicle and is selectively adjustable about at least one axis to increase said driver's rearward and lateral fields of vision without adversely affecting said driver's forward field of vision. 14. An auxiliary rear view mirror assembly for a vehicle adapted to be mounted in a rear portion of said vehicle and including a pair of auxiliary rear view mirrors which are viewable by a driver of said vehicle from a main rear view mirror of said vehicle and are remotely adjustable by a driver about a pair of orthogonal axes to increase said driver's rearward and lateral fields of vision without adversely affecting said driver's forward field of vision. 15. The auxiliary rear view mirror assembly recited in claim 14 wherein said pair of auxiliary rear view mirrors are mounted in a common housing with a rear brake light. 16. The auxiliary rear view mirror assembly recited in claim 14 further comprising a drive unit for independently rotating each of said auxiliary rear view mirrors and controls for operating said drive unit which are accessible to said driver. 17. A method for increasing a vehicle driver's rearward and lateral fields of vision without adversely affecting said driver's forward field of vision, said method comprising the steps of: mounting on a rear window of a vehicle an auxiliary rear view mirror; rotating at least one auxiliary rear view mirror of said auxiliary mirror assembly about an axis to place said mirror in the view of a driver in said main rear view mirror of said vehicle; and rotating said auxiliary rear view mirror about a second axis which is in orthogonal relationship to said first axis to increase said driver's rearward and forward field's of vision without adversely affecting said driver's forward field of vision. 18. The method recited in claim 17 further comprising the step of applying a double sided pressure sensitive adhesive tape to said auxiliary rear view mirror assembly before mounting said auxiliary rear view mirror assembly on said rear window. 19. The method recited in claim 17 further comprising the step of rotating a second auxiliary rear view mirror of said auxiliary mirror assembly about an axis to place said mirror in the view of said driver in said main rear view mirror of said vehicle; and rotating said second auxiliary rear view mirror about said second axis which is in orthogonal relationship to said first axis to further increase said driver's rearward and forward field's of vision without adversely affecting said driver's forward field of vision. 20. The method recited in claim 17 wherein said auxiliary rear view mirror assembly is rotated about said axis by operating a control which is accessible to said driver. 