The invention relates to an island network with at least one energy generator, using regenerative energy sources, whereby the energy generator is preferably a wind energy plant with a first synchronous generator, a DC link, at least one first power rectifier and a power inverter, a second synchronous generator and an internal combustion engine which may be coupled with the second synchronous generator. A fully controllable wind energy unit (10) and an electromagnetic coupling (34) between the second synchronous generator (32) and the internal combustion engine (30) are provided in order to establish an island network in which the internal combustion engine can be switched off completely, so long as the wind energy unit is generating enough power for all connected users with an efficiency which is as high as possible.
Claims 1. An isolated electrical network with at least one first energy producer that uses a regenerative energy source, wherein the energy producer is preferably a wind energy system with a generator, wherein a second generator that can be coupled to an internal combustion engine is provided, characterized in that a) the wind energy system is controllable in regard to its rotational speed and blade adjustment; b) the wind energy system can be controlled such that it always produces only the required electric power, the required power being composed of the consumption of electric power in the network and the power needed to charge an interim electricity storage unit; and c) when the power produced by the wind energy system falls below power R, network power is initially not provided by the internal combustion engine, but instead interim electricity storage units are called upon to release energy to the network. 2. The isolated electrical network according to claim 1, characterized in that the first energy producer has a synchronous generator which contains an inverter with a dc link with at least one rectifier and a dc-ac converter. 3. The isolated electrical network according to claim 1, characterized by at least one electrical element connected to the dc link for feeding in dc electrical energy. 4. The isolated electrical network according to claim 3, characterized in that the electrical element is a photovoltaic element and/or a mechanical energy accumulator and/or an electrochemical storage unit and/or a capacitor and/or a chemical storage unit as electrical interim storage unit. 5. The isolated electrical network according to claim 1, characterized by a flywheel that can be coupled to the second or a third generator. 6. The isolated electrical network according to claim 1, characterized by several internal combustion engines, each of which can be coupled to a generator. 7. The isolated electrical network according to claim 1, characterized by a controller for controlling the isolated network. 8. The isolated electrical network according to claim 1, characterized by a step-up or step-down converter between the electrical element and the dc link. 9. The isolated electrical network according to claim 1, characterized by charge/discharge circuits between the electrical element and the dc link. 10. The isolated electrical network according to claim 1, characterized by a flywheel with a generator and a downstream rectifier for feeding electrical energy into dc links. 11. The isolated electrical network according to claim 1, characterized in that all energy producers using regenerative energy sources and interim storage units feed a shared dc link. 12. The isolated electrical network according to claim 1, characterized by a line-commuted dc-ac converter. 13. The isolated electrical network according to claim 1, characterized in that the energy for operating the electromagnetic clutch is provided by an electricity storage unit and/or by the primary energy producer. 14. The isolated electrical network according to claim 1, characterized in that a seawater desalination/usable water production plant is connected to the isolated network and produces usable water whenever the power supply from the primary energy producer is greater than the power consumption of the other electric loads connected to the isolated network. 15. The isolated electrical network according to claim 1, characterized in that a pump storage plant which receives its electrical energy from the primary energy producer is provided. 16. An isolated electrical network comprising: at least one first primary energy producer for producing electrical energy for an isolated electrical network; a synchronous generator that has the function of a pulse-former, wherein the synchronous generator can operate in motor mode and the energy required operation in motor mode is provided by the primary energy producer. 17. The isolated electrical network according to claim 16, characterized in that the generator can be connected via a clutch to an internal combustion engine that is turned off whenever the electric power from the primary energy producer is greater than or roughly as large as the consumed electric power in the isolated network. 18. The method according to claim 1, characterized in that internal combustion engines are provided to drive at least one second generator and the internal combustion engines are switched on only if the energy emitted by energy producers using regenerative energy sources and/or by interim electricity storage units falls below a specificiable threshold value for a specificiable time span. 19. The method according to claim 18, characterized in that more energy than is required for the loads connected to the network is produced from regenerative sources in order to charge the interim storage units. 20. An electrical supply network comprising: a synchronous generator as a pulse-former for a line-commutated dc-ac converter for feeding an alternating current into the electricity supply network, wherein the generator operates in motor mode and the driving of the generator to operate in motor mode is accomplished by a flywheel or by providing electrical energy from a regenerative energy producer. 