The present invention relates generally to an easy-to-assemble building structure with a mountable frame for mounting solar panels, solar water heating panels, fuel cells or any other renewable energy device and more particularly relates to a gazebo or a storage space or an overhang used for purposes of mounting solar panels.
Claims 1. An easy-to-assemble structure for capturing solar energy comprising; a. a mountable structure for mounting a renewable energy device; and b. a renewable energy device. 2. The structure according to claim 1, wherein said renewable energy device is solar panels. 3. The structure according to claim 1, wherein said renewable energy device is photovoltaic cells. 4. The structure according to claim 1, wherein said renewable energy device is solar hot water systems. 5. An easy-to-assemble structure for supporting solar panels, said structure comprising; a. a plurality of stanchions to support said structure; b. a support frame resting on said stanchions; said frame being fastened to said stanchions; c. an apex frame assembly resting on top of said support frame, said assembly comprising of a plurality of braces, said braces being connected to one another, wherein said apex frame assembly is fastened to the support frame to provide support to solar panels; d. an interlock assembly comprising of two components, a first component and a second component, wherein the first component is an apex cap with a projection and the second component is an apex support element containing a recess, wherein said second component receives the projection extending from the apex cap and aligns the two components together, wherein said interlock assembly passes through the center of the apex frame assembly from front to back; e. said first component having shelves in the form of winged flanges on the sides to hold down solar panels and said second component having shelves to support solar panels; f. a joint at the proximal end of said interlock assembly, said joint connecting the interlock assembly and braces on either side of the interlock assembly; g. a joint at the distal end of said interlock assembly, said joint connecting the interlock assembly and braces on either side of the interlock assembly; h. horizontal braces mounted on top of the support frame, said braces being on the two sides of the supported structure and providing support to the solar panels; and i. an inverter mounted in said supported structure. 6. The structure of claim 5, wherein the stanchions are made of wood, aluminum or any other alloy. 7. The structure of claim 5, wherein the support frame is made of wood, aluminum or any other alloy. 8. The structure of claim 5, wherein the support frame is fastened to the stanchions with the help of a plurality of arms. 9. The structure of claim 8, wherein the arms are twelve in number. 10. The structure of claim 5, wherein the apex frame assembly is fastened to the support frame with the help of bolts. 11. The structure of claim 10, wherein the apex frame assembly is fastened to the support frame with the help of twelve bolts. 12. The structure of claim 5, wherein the interlock assembly is horizontal such that the solar panels supported by the interlock assembly are slopingly mounted on the horizontal braces. 13. The structure of claim 5, wherein said first and second components of the interlock assembly are made of wood, aluminum or any other alloy. 14. The structure of claim 5, wherein said joint at the proximal end of said interlock assembly that connects the interlock assembly and the braces is a spider joint. 15. The structure of claim 5, wherein said joint at the distal end of said interlock assembly that connects the interlock assembly and the braces is a spider joint. 16. The structure of claim 5, wherein said braces are connected to one another at each comer of the easy-to-assemble building structure with the help of a square tube. 17. The structure of claim 5, wherein each said brace has an insertable slot to support the solar panels. 18. The structure of claim 5, wherein the inverter has wires connecting the inverter to a circuit breaker. 19. A method for installing solar panels on an easy-to-assemble supported structure, said method comprising the steps of: a. installing a plurality of stanchions to support said structure; b. installing a support frame resting on said stanchions; said frame being fastened to said stanchions; c. installing an apex frame assembly resting on top of said support frame, said assembly comprising of a plurality of braces, said braces being connected to one another and being fastened to the support frame to provide support to solar panels; d. installing an interlock assembly comprising of two components, a first component and a second component, wherein the first component is a apex cap with a projection and the second component is an element containing a recess, wherein said second component receives the projection extending from the apex cap and aligns the two components together, wherein said interlock assembly passes through the center of the apex frame assembly from front to back, said first and second components having shelves in the form of winged flanges and flat areas respectively on the sides to support solar panels; e. installing a joint at the proximal end of said interlock assembly, said joint connecting the interlock assembly and braces on either side of the interlock assembly; f. installing a joint at the distal end of said interlock assembly, said joint connecting the interlock assembly and a brace on either side of the interlock assembly; g. installing horizontal braces mounted on top of the support frame, said braces providing support to the solar panels; and h. installing an inverter mounted in said supported structure. 20. The method of claim 19, wherein the stanchions are made of wood, aluminum or any other alloy. 21. The method of claim 19, wherein the support frame is made of wood, aluminum or any other alloy. 22. The method of claim 19, wherein the support frame is fastened to the stanchions with the help of a plurality of arms. 23. The method of claim 22, wherein the arms are twelve in number. 24. The method of claim 19, wherein the apex frame assembly is fastened to the support frame with the help of bolts. 25. The method of claim 19, wherein the apex frame assembly is fastened to the support frame with the help of twelve bolts. 26. The method of claim 19, wherein the interlock assembly is horizontal such that the solar panels supported by the interlock assembly are slopingly mounted on the horizontal braces. 27. The method of claim 19, wherein said first and second components of the interlock assembly are made of wood, aluminum or any other alloy. 28. The structure of claim 19, wherein said joint at the proximal end of said interlock assembly that connects the interlock assembly and the first and second brace is a spider joint. 29. The structure of claim 19, wherein said joint at the distal end of said interlock assembly that connects the interlock assembly and the first and second brace is a spider joint. 30. The structure of claim 19, wherein said braces are connected to one another at each comer of the easy-to-assemble building structure with the help of a square tube. 31. The structure of claim 19, wherein said braces have insertable slots to support the solar panels. 32. The structure of claim 19, wherein the inverter has wires connecting the inverter to a circuit breaker. 