In a power generation system which includes a plurality of sets of direct current power sources and power converters which are connected to the direct current power sources to convert a direct current power into an alternative current power, the power converters being connected in parallel to supply the alternative current power to a system power supply, from the plurality of power converters in the system, one power converter is set as a master machine which detects an islanding operation state in which power supply from the system power supply is stopped, and setting is executed so as to cause the remaining power converters not to detect the islanding operation state. When the master machine is not present among the power converters in operation, the master machine is selected from the power converters in operation in accordance with a predetermined condition.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A power generation system which includes a plurality of sets of direct current power sources and power converters which are connected to the direct current power sources to convert a direct current power into an alternative current power, the power converters being connected in parallel to supply the alternative current power to a system power supply, the system comprising: operation state setting means for setting, from the power converters, one power converter as a master machine which detects an islanding operation state in which power supply from the system power supply is stopped, and executing setting so as to cause the remaining power converters not to detect the islanding operation state, wherein when the master machine is not present among the power converters in operation, said operation state setting means selects the master machine from the power converters in operation in accordance with a predetermined condition. 2. The system according to claim 1, wherein each power converter comprises communication means, and the power converter set as the master machine transmits a predetermined signal representing that the power converter is set as the master machine to the remaining power converters by using said communication means. 3. The system according to claim 1, wherein each power converter comprises said operation state setting means, and at least one of the power converters except the master machine monitors a state of the master machine. 4. The system according to claim 1, wherein the predetermined condition is an order of start of operation. 5. The system according to claim 1, wherein the predetermined condition is a magnitude of an output power. 6. The system according to claim 1, wherein the operation state setting means sets in advance a reserve master machine which operates as the master machine when the master machine stops the operation. 7. The system according to claim 6, wherein each power converter comprises said operation state setting means, and the master machine and reserve master machine monitor each other's states. 8. The system according to claim 1, wherein the power converters have at least two operation modes including a maximum power control operation mode and a constant voltage operation mode, and said operation state setting means sets the power converter operating as the master machine when the master machine switches from the maximum power control operation mode to the constant voltage operation mode. 9. The system according to claim 1, wherein the detection of the islanding operation state is done by an active schema. 10. The system according to claim 1, wherein the direct current power source includes a solar battery. 11. An administration apparatus of a power generation system which includes a plurality of sets of direct current power sources and power converters which are connected to the direct current power sources to convert a direct current power into an alternative current power, the power converters being connected in parallel to supply the alternative current power to a system power supply, wherein, from the power converters, one power converter is set as a master machine which detects an islanding operation state in which power supply from the system power supply is stopped, and setting is executed so as to cause the remaining power converters not to detect the islanding operation state, and when the master machine is not present among the power converters in operation, the master machine is selected from the power converters in operation in accordance with a predetermined condition. 12. An administration method of a power generation system which includes a plurality of sets of direct current power sources and power converters which are connected to the direct current power sources to convert a direct current power into an alternative current power, the power converters being connected in parallel to supply the alternative current power to a system power supply, the method comprising: a setting step of setting, from the power converters, one power converter as a master machine which detects an islanding operation state in which power supply from the system power supply is stopped, and executing setting so as to cause the remaining power converters not to detect the islanding operation state; and a selection step of, when the master machine is not present among the power converters in operation, selecting the master machine from the power converters in operation in accordance with a predetermined condition. 13. A computer program which causes a computer apparatus to implement an administration method of a power generation system which includes a plurality of sets of direct current power sources and power converters which are connected to the direct current power sources to convert a direct current power into an alternative current power, the power converters being connected in parallel to supply the alternative current power to a system power supply, the method comprising: a setting step of setting, from the power converters, one power converter as a master machine which detects an islanding operation state in which power supply from the system power supply is stopped, and executing setting so as to cause the remaining power converters not to detect the islanding operation state; and a selection step of, when the master machine is not present among the power converters in operation, selecting the master machine from the power converters in operation in accordance with a predetermined condition. 14. A storage medium which stores a computer program for implementing an administration method of a power generation system which includes a plurality of sets of direct current power sources and power converters which are connected to the direct current power sources to convert a direct current power into an alternative current power, the power converters being connected in parallel to supply the alternative current power to a system power supply, the method comprising: a setting step of setting, from the power converters, one power converter as a master machine which detects an islanding operation state in which power supply from the system power supply is stopped, and executing setting so as to cause the remaining power converters not to detect the islanding operation state; and a selection step of, when the master machine is not present among the power converters in operation, selecting the master machine from the power converters in operation in accordance with a predetermined condition. 