A traffic barrier includes a positionable structure having an exterior surface defined by a plurality of walls, wherein the plurality of walls defines a sealably enclosed space. A light-transmissive medium such as water fills the sealably enclosed space, and a light source is inserted into the light-transmissive medium through a port in one of the plurality of walls. Light energy produced by the light source is transmitted through the light transmissive medium and the positionable structure to illuminate the exterior surface. The traffic barrier may include a plurality of positionable structures interconnectedly positioned at right angles on a rigid skid-mounted framework to form a protective flagger station.
Claims 1. A traffic barrier comprising: a positionable structure having an exterior surface defined by a plurality of walls, wherein said plurality of walls defines a sealably enclosed space; a light-transmissive medium filling the sealably enclosed space; and a light source insertably and sealably mounted through a port in one of the plurality of walls; wherein light energy produced by the light source is transmitted through the light transmissive medium and the positionable structure such that the exterior surface of the positionable structure is illuminated. 2. The traffic barrier of claim 1, wherein the light source is selected from the group consisting of incandescent lamps, fluorescent lamps, and light-emitting diodes (LEDs). 3. The traffic barrier of claim 1, wherein the light source is a low-voltage lighting device. 4. The traffic barrier of claim 1, wherein the light-transmissive medium is water. 5. The traffic barrier of claim 1, further comprising: a power source interconnected with the light source for providing power to the light source. 6. The traffic barrier of claim 5, wherein the power source includes one or more batteries. 7. The traffic barrier of claim 5, wherein the power provided includes solar energy. 8. The traffic barrier of claim 5, wherein the power is automatically removed from the light source during daylight hours of a day. 9. A traffic barrier comprising: a plurality of positionable structures, each structure having: an exterior surface defined by a plurality of walls, wherein said plurality of walls defines a sealably enclosed space, and a light-transmissive medium filling the sealably enclosed space; and at least one light source insertably and sealably mounted through a port in one of the plurality of walls of at least one of the plurality of positionable structures; wherein light energy produced by the at least one light source of is transmitted through the light transmissive medium and the at least one positionable structure such that the exterior surface of the at least one positionable structure is illuminated. 10. The traffic barrier of claim 9, wherein each of the plurality of positionable structures includes first and second matable features in opposing end walls of the plurality of walls, and two or more of the positionable structures are interconnected by mating the first matable feature of one of the two or more positionable structures with the second mating feature of the other of the two or more positionable structures. 11. A protective flagger station comprising: first, second and third positionable structures, each of the first, second and third structures having: an exterior surface defined by a plurality of walls, wherein said plurality of walls defines a sealably enclosed space, and a light-transmissive medium filling the sealably enclosed space; and at least one light source insertably and sealably mounted through a port in one of the plurality of walls of at least one of the first, second and third structures; wherein light energy produced by the at least one light source of is transmitted through the light transmissive medium and the at least one positionable structure such that the exterior surface of the at least one positionable structure is illuminated, and wherein each of the first second and third positionable structures is positioned at an angle in relation to one of the other of the first, second and third positionable structures to define an interior protected area. 12. The protective flagger station of claim 11, wherein the angle is a right angle. 13. The protective flagger station of claim 11, further comprising: first and second corner structures, each of the first and second corner structures having: an exterior surface defined by a plurality of walls, wherein said plurality of walls defines a sealably enclosed space, and a light-transmissive medium filling the sealably enclosed space; wherein each of first, second and third positionable structures includes first and second matable features respectively located in opposing end walls of the plurality of walls, and each of the first and second corner structures includes first and second matable features respectively located in end walls of the plurality of walls defining a corner, and wherein adjacent ones of the first, second and third positionable structures are interconnected via one of the corner structures by mating the first matable feature of one of the positionable structures with the second mating feature of the corner structure and mating the first mating feature of the corner structure with the second mating feature of an adjacent positionable structure. 14. The protective flagger station of claim 11, further comprising: a rigid base for holding the first, second and third positionable structures in a fixed formation. 15. The protective flagger station of claim 11, wherein the rigid base is a skid-mounted framework, said skid-mounted framework being configured to be liftable and movable. 16. The protective flagger station of claim 15, further comprising two or more wheels rollably attached to a first end of the framework. 17. The protective flagger station of claim 16, wherein the framework is movably postionable along a ground surface by lifting a second end of the framework above the ground surface and moving the framework by means of the two or more wheels. 18. The protective flagger station of claim 14, wherein the least one light source produces a flashing light. 19. The protective flagger station of claim 14, wherein the least one light source is a stroboscopic light. 20. The protective flagger station of claim 14, further comprising: a flagger-operable warning alarm. 21. The protective flagger station of claim 14, further comprising: radar speed monitoring signage for providing speed warnings to approaching vehicles. 22. The protective flagger station of claim 14, further comprising: reflective sheeting applied to a portion of the exterior surface of one or more of the fist, second and third positionable structures. 23. The protective flagger station of claim 14, further comprising: reflective sheeting applied to a portion of the exterior surface of one or more of the fist and second corner structures. 24. The protective flagger station of claim 14, further comprising: a stop and slow paddle, said stop and slow paddle being remotely operable. 25. The protective flagger station of claim 14, wherein the rigid base further includes a flagger platform positioned within the interior protected area. 26. The protective flagger station of claim 15, wherein the skid-mounted framework is a steel framework. 27. The traffic barrier of claim 11, wherein the plurality of walls of the positionable structure comprise a molded plastic material. 28. The traffic barrier of claim 27, wherein the molded plastic material is molded in a safety yellow/green color. 