An inflatable, multifunction, multipurpose, parabolic reflector apparatus having a plurality of manufactured parabolic mirrors made from a pressure-deformable reflective covering of an inflatable ring for focusing electromagnetic energy from radio frequency radiation (RF) through the ultraviolet radiation (UV) and solar energy for (1) heating and cooking, for (2) electrical power generation, for (3) enhancing the transmission and reception of radio signals, for (4) enhancing vision in low-light environments, and for (5) projection of optical signals or images. The device also has non-electromagnetic uses, such as the collection of water. A first main embodiment utilizes two membranes, where at least one is reflective to electromagnetic radiation. A second main embodiment utilizes a reflective membrane and a transparent membrane. Portability is enhanced by complete collapsing of the inflatable device.
Claims We claim: 1. A multi-function, multi-purpose apparatus for use as a radiant electromagnetic energy concentrating, focusing or beaming apparatus comprising: a ring, said ring being tubular and inflatable, said ring defining a vacant circular center; a first inflation valve disposed in said ring for inflating said ring; at least two pressure-deformable membranes extending across the center of said ring, said membranes and said ring defining at least one inflatable reflector chamber, at least one of said membranes having a second inflation valve extending therethrough for inflating said reflector chamber. 2. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein each said valve is a flexible tube closed by a closure means selected from the group consisting of a plug, a flexible tongue-and-groove valve, a clamp, and a tie. 3. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising at least one accessory device attached to said apparatus, the accessory device being selected from the group consisting of: one or more handles; an apertured tab; one or more tying straps; a storage pouch for storing the deflated and folded apparatus; and one or more pouches. 4. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising at least one fastener device attached to said apparatus, the fastener device being selected from the group consisting of a clevis, a clip, a bracket, a mounting stud, a line, and hook-and-loop fastening patches. 5. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein one of said pressure-deformable membranes includes a socket for receiving accessory equipment. 6. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the plurality of pressure-deformable membranes are two reflective membranes defining a sub-ambient pressurized reflector chamber. 7. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said ring has at least one access port and each of said membranes have at least one port for filling the apparatus with material. 8. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein one of said membranes has a centered port for collecting rain. 9. The apparatus according to claim 8, wherein said centered port is a funnel having a conduit inserted in a collection container. 10. The apparatus according to claim 1, further including one or more additional rings attached to and above said ring support. 11. The apparatus according to claim 1, further including a gutter attached to said ring, said gutter having a drain conduit for collecting liquids. 12. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising one or more elastic bands attached to a surface of at least one of said membranes to cause wrinkling as a safety feature. 13. The apparatus according to claim 1, further including a cover attached to at least one point of said apparatus, said cover being retractable. 14. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising patches having cross-hairs positioned for aiming and alignment. 15. The apparatus according to claim 1, further including: a hemispherical hollow support for supporting said ring. 16. The apparatus according to claim 1, further including a support having one or more inflatable linear tubes supporting said apparatus. 17. The apparatus according to claim 1, further including a support attached to said ring and having hooks or ridges for supporting a kettle or a rotisserie rod. 18. The apparatus according to claim 1, further including a safety cage attached to said ring, said safety cage including a foldable framework. 19. The apparatus according to claim 1, further including a wire truss. 20. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said ring and said membranes are formed from a flat pattern of at least four sheets. 21. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the at least two membranes include at least one reflective membrane and at least one transparent membrane defining a super-ambient pressurized reflector chamber. 22. The apparatus according to claim 21, wherein each said valve is a flexible tube closed by a closure means selected from the group consisting of a plug, a flexible tongue-and-groove valve, a clamp, and a tie. 23. The apparatus according to claim 21, further comprising at least one accessory device attached to said ring, the accessory device being selected from the group consisting of: one or more handles; an apertured tab; one or more tying straps; a storage pouch; and one or more pouches for filling with dense material to stabilize the apparatus. 24. The apparatus according to claim 21, wherein the transparent membrane is positioned on top having a centered first valve, the reflective membrane is positioned below to form a convex-convex reflecting lens chamber, and the ring support has a second valve. 25. The apparatus according to claim 24, wherein said ring is made of two preformed half-ring pieces and joined to the reflecting membrane and transparent membrane at a juncture of the joined half-ring pieces. 26. The apparatus according to claim 21, wherein an upper half of the apparatus is made from one transparent membrane and joined to a bottom half of one reflective membrane to form the reflector chamber and said ring support. 27. The apparatus according to claim 15, further including: a second support ring for supporting said hemispherical support. 28. An apparatus according to claim 1, wherein a reflective material is disposed on one or more of the pressure-deformable membranes. 29. An apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising at least one access port. 30. An apparatus comprising: a support element comprising a tubular, inflatable ring, wherein the ring includes a vacant center formed therein; a first inflation assembly disposed in the ring, wherein the first inflation assembly is operable to inflate the ring; a plurality of pressure-deformable membranes attached to the ring and extending across the vacant center, wherein the ring and the membranes define at least one inflatable reflector chamber; a second inflation assembly disposed to extend into the reflector chamber, wherein the second inflation assembly is operable to inflate the reflector chamber; and a reflective material is disposed on or in one or more of the plurality of membranes. 31. An apparatus as recited in claim 30, wherein one or more of the first inflation assembly and the second inflation assembly comprise a valve. 32. An apparatus as recited in claim 31, wherein the valve is selected from the group consisting of a tongue-and-groove device, a clamped or tied device, and a self-sealing closure mechanism. 33. An apparatus as recited in claim 31, wherein the ring and the vacant center each have a circular shape. 34. An apparatus as recited in claim 30, wherein the ring comprises four or six sheets bonded together to form a toroid. 35. An apparatus as recited in claim 34, wherein the sheets include two annular external sheets of high-strength, high-modulus material and two inner annular portions of low-elastic-modulus, high-strength material. 36. An apparatus as recited in claim 35, wherein the ring comprises four sheets bonded together and the pressure-deformable membranes form part of the toroid. 37. An apparatus as recited in claim 34, wherein the sheets include two annular external sheets of high-strength, high-modulus material and two inner annular portions of high-elastic-modulus, high-strength material. 38. An apparatus as recited in claim 34, wherein the ring comprises six sheets bonded together and the pressure-deformable membranes are bonded to the toroid. 39. An apparatus as recited in claim 30, wherein the pressure-deformable membranes overlap the ring and attach to the ring at a circumference of the ring. 40. An apparatus as recited in claim 30, wherein said apparatus includes two independent reflector chambers located in the interior of the vacant space. 41. An apparatus as recited in claim 30, wherein at least one of the reflective membranes is pre-formed into the shape of a paraboloid. 42. An apparatus as recited in claim 30, wherein at least one of the reflective membranes is pre-formed into the shape of a non-paraboloid. 43. An apparatus as recited in claim 30, wherein at least one of the reflective membranes is non-pre-formed and provides a variable focal length as a function of differential pressure imposed across the reflective membranes. 44. An apparatus as recited in claim 30, wherein the reflective material is a coating of reflective material disposed on one or more reflective membranes. 45. An apparatus as recited in claim 30, wherein the reflective material comprises reflective particles homogenously incorporated in said one or more reflective membranes. 46. An apparatus as recited in claim 30, wherein the reflective material comprises a conductive wire or mesh integrally contained in said one or more reflective membranes. 47. An apparatus as recited in claim 30, wherein the second valve assembly passes through the ring to enter the reflector chamber. 48. An apparatus as recited in claim 30, further comprising one or more second inflatable rings attached to the support element. 49. An apparatus as recited in claim 30, further comprising a first assembly holding an item at or near a focal point defined by the apparatus. 50. An apparatus as recited in claim 49, wherein the first assembly comprises a plurality of rods. 51. An apparatus as recited in claim 49, wherein the item is a vessel. 52. An apparatus as recited in claim 49, wherein the item is an electromagnetic radiation receiving device. 53. An apparatus as recited in claim 49, wherein the item is an apparatus for generating electrical power selected from the group consisting of a turboelectric device, a thermoelectric device and a photoelectric device. 54. An apparatus as recited in claim 49, wherein the item is a device projecting electromagnetic rays. 55. An apparatus as recited in claim 49, wherein the item is a waveguide intake device. 56. An apparatus as recited in claim 30, further comprising a liquid capturing apparatus comprising one or more accoutrements for capturing liquid. 57. An apparatus as recited in claim 56, further comprising a high emissivity surface for collecting water. 58. An apparatus as recited in claim 30, further comprising a pressure release valve disposed in one of the reflective membranes. 59. An apparatus as recited in claim 30, wherein the ring is formed from a flat pattern of at least two sheets. 60. An apparatus as recited in claim 59, wherein the pressure-deformable membranes are formed from an additional two sheets. 61. An apparatus as recited in claim 60, wherein at least one of the pressure-deformable membranes is preformed. 62. An apparatus as recited in claim 59, wherein each pressure-deformable membrane comprises a plurality of overlapping gores. 63. A multi-function, multi-purpose apparatus comprising: a support element comprising a tubular, inflatable ring, wherein the ring includes a vacant center formed therein; a first inflation means for inflating the ring connected to the ring; a plurality of pressure-deformable membranes attached to the ring and extending across the vacant center, wherein the ring and the membranes define at least one inflatable reflector chamber; a second inflation means for inflating the reflector chamber, wherein the second inflation means is disposed to extend into the reflector chamber; and a means for reflecting electromagnetic radiation disposed on or in one or more components selected from the group consisting of the ring and one or more of the plurality of membranes. 64. An auditory microphone comprising: a multi-purpose apparatus as recited in claim 30, wherein the multi-purpose apparatus defines a focal point; and a microphone is disposed at or near the focal point. 65. An electric power generating apparatus comprising: a multi-purpose apparatus as recited in claim 30; and a photovoltaic device or a thermoelectric device disposed to receive electromagnetic energy concentrated, focused or beamed from the multi-purpose apparatus. 66. A turboelectric apparatus comprising: a multi-purpose apparatus as recited in claim 30; a tank having a heating liquid medium disposed therein, wherein the tank is disposed to receive electromagnetic energy concentrated, focused or beamed from the multi-purpose apparatus; and a pipe connected to the tank for passing steam to a proximate turbine. 67. A method of concentrating, focusing, reflecting or beaming radiant electromagnetic energy, comprising the steps of: (a) providing a multi-function, multi-purpose apparatus for concentrating, focusing or beaming electromagnetic energy, the apparatus comprising: i. a support element comprising a tubular, inflatable ring, wherein the ring includes a vacant center formed therein; ii. a first inflation assembly disposed in the ring, wherein the first inflation assembly is operable to inflate the ring; iii. a plurality of pressure-deformable membranes attached to the ring and extending across the vacant center, wherein the ring and the membranes define at least one inflatable reflector chamber; iv. a second inflation assembly disposed to extend into the reflector chamber, wherein the second inflation assembly is operable to inflate the reflector chamber; and v. a reflective material disposed on or in one or more of the plurality of membranes, wherein the ring and the reflector chamber are each in an inflated state; (b) orienting the apparatus to receive electromagnetic radiation from a source of electromagnetic energy; and (c) concentrating and focusing electromagnetic radiation received from the source by reflecting the electromagnetic energy using the reflective material. 68. A method as recited in claim 67, wherein the electromagnetic radiation is concentrated and focused at a focal point. 69. A method as recited in claim 67, wherein the electromagnetic radiation is radiant energy from the sun, and the method further comprises the step of: (d) heating an object using the concentrated and focused electromagnetic radiation from the sun. 70. A method as recited in claim 67, wherein the source of electromagnetic radiation generates dangerous electromagnetic radiation, and the method further comprises the step of: (d) shielding an object by reflecting electromagnetic radiation generated by the source away from the object. 71. A method as recited in claim 67, wherein the source of electromagnetic radiation is a light source, the electromagnetic radiation is light, and the method further comprises the step of: (d) illuminating an object using concentrated and focused light generated by the light source. 72. A method as recited in claim 67, wherein the source of electromagnetic radiation is a transmitter transmitting electromagnetic radiation, and the method further comprises the step of: (d) enhancing a transmitted signal by concentrating and focusing electromagnetic radiation transmitted by the transmitter. 73. A method as recited in claim 67, wherein the electromagnetic radiation is solar radiation generated by the sun, and the method further comprises the step of: (d) energizing an object using concentrated and focused solar radiation, wherein the object is selected from the group consisting of a photovoltaic cell device and a thermoelectric cell device. 74. A portable field-deployable electromagnetic energy concentrating apparatus comprising: a support ring comprising at least one substantially tubular and inflatable ring, wherein the support ring defines a vacant center; at least one means for inflating the support ring; at least two pressure-deformable membranes extending across the vacant center, wherein the membranes define at least one substantially predetermined portion of at least one inflatable reflector chamber, and at least one of the pressure-deformable membranes has at least one means for reflecting radiant electromagnetic energy; at least one inflation means for inflating the reflector chamber; and at least one safety means for reducing the risk of accidental or unintentional exposure to concentrated electromagnetic radiation. 75. A method for reducing the risk of accidental or unintentional exposure to concentrated electromagnetic radiation while operating an electromagnetic energy concentrating apparatus, the method comprising the steps of: (a) deploying a portable field-deployable electromagnetic energy concentrating apparatus comprising: i. a support ring comprising at least one substantially tubular and inflatable ring, wherein the support ring defines a vacant center; ii. at least one means for inflating the support ring; iii. at least two pressure-deformable membranes extending across the vacant center, wherein the membranes define at least one substantially predetermined portion of at least one inflatable reflector chamber, and at least one of the pressure-deformable membranes has at least one means for reflecting radiant electromagnetic energy; iv. at least one inflation means for inflating the reflector chamber; and v. at least one safety means for reducing the risk of accidental or unintentional exposure to concentrated electromagnetic radiation, wherein the ring and the at least one reflector chamber of the deployed apparatus are inflated; (b) operating the deployed apparatus to concentrate radiant electromagnetic energy; and (c) limiting the concentration of radiant electromagnetic energy to a proximity to a substantially fixed focal point by using the at least one safety means, wherein the fixed focal point is defined by the apparatus. 