An asset monitoring and security system includes at least one asset and at least one user identification device assigned a unique identifier and operable to transmit an identification signal embodying the identifier over a wireless communications link. A data store maintains lists of the assets, users authorized to use the assets, and privileges associated with the assets for each of the authorized users. A control unit is adapted to receive identification signals from the assets and user identification devices and monitor positions of the assets and user identification devices within a defined area based on the identification signals. The control unit communicates with the data store and is further operable to initiate an alarm event when privileges associated with a given authorized user for a given asset are exceeded. Each of the assets includes a lock-out mechanism that impedes use of the asset when the lock-out mechanism is activated.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An asset monitoring and security system, comprising: at least one asset assigned a unique identifier and operable to transmit an identification signal embodying the identifier over a wireless communications link; at least one user identification device assigned a unique identifier and operable to transmit an identification signal embodying the identifier over a wireless communications link; a data store for maintaining a list of the assets, a list of users authorized to use the assets, and privileges associated with the assets for each of the authorized users; and a control unit adapted to receive identification signals from the assets and user identification devices and monitor positions of the assets and user identification devices within a defined area based on the identification signals from the assets and user identification devices, wherein the control unit communicates with the data store and is further operable to initiate an alarm event when privileges associated with a given authorized user for a given asset are exceeded. 2. The asset monitoring and security system of claim 1 wherein a privilege associated with a given asset for authorized users of the asset limits authorized users to possession of the asset within the defined area and wherein the control unit initiates the alarm event when the asset is located outside of the defined area. 3. The asset monitoring and security system of claim 1 wherein a privilege associated with an asset for a given authorized user limits the authorized user to possession of the asset within the defined area and wherein the control unit initiates the alarm event when the given authorized user possesses the asset outside of the defined area. 4. The asset monitoring and security system of claim 1 wherein the control unit generates a departure time for an asset when the asset moves from within the defined area to outside of the defined area and wherein the control unit stores the departure time in the data store. 5. The asset monitoring and security system of claim 1 wherein the control unit generates a return time for an asset when the asset moves from outside of the defined area to within the defined area and wherein the control unit stores the return time in the data store. 6. The asset monitoring and security system of claim 1 wherein the control unit associates an asset with a user when the control unit detects a user identification device of the user within a predetermined distance of the asset. 7. The asset monitoring and security system of claim 6 wherein the user identification device includes an alarm indicator and wherein the control unit activates the alarm indicator when a distance between the user identification device and the asset associated with the user identification device is greater than a second predetermined distance. 8. The asset monitoring and security system of claim 1 wherein the control unit activates at least one of an audible indicator and/or a visible indicator at least one of during and/or after the alarm event. 9. The asset monitoring and security system of claim 1 wherein the control unit includes a wireless transmitter operable to transmit an alarm message to a remote monitoring system at least one of during and/or after the alarm event. 10. The asset monitoring and security system of claim 1 further comprises a camera that communicates with the control unit and that captures an image of an asset at an exit point of the defined area when the asset one of moves from within the defined area to outside of the defined area or moves from outside of the defined area to within the defined area. 11. The asset monitoring and security system of claim 1 wherein each of the assets includes a lock-out mechanism that impedes use of the asset when the lock-out mechanism is activated and wherein the control unit activates the lock-out mechanism of a given asset when the privileges associated with the asset for authorized users of the asset are exceeded. 12. The asset monitoring and security system of claim 11 wherein a privilege associated with a given asset for authorized users of the asset limits authorized users to possession of the asset within the defined area and wherein the control unit activates the lock-out mechanism of the asset when the asset is located outside of the defined area. 13. The asset monitoring and security system of claim 1 wherein each of the assets includes a lock-out mechanism that impedes use of the asset when the lock-out mechanism is activated and wherein the control unit deactivates the lock-out mechanism of a given asset when a user identification device of an authorized user of the asset is within a predetermined distance of the asset and activates the lock-out mechanism when a user identification device of an authorized user is not within the predetermined distance of the asset. 14. The asset monitoring and security system of claim 13 further comprises an asset activation device, wherein the lock-out mechanism of a given asset is one activated or deactivated when the asset is associated with an authorized user of the asset and the asset is within a predetermined distance of the asset activation device. 15. The asset monitoring and security system of claim 13 further comprises an asset activation device, wherein the lock-out mechanism of a given asset is one of activated or deactivated when a user identification device of an authorized user of the device is within a first predetermined distance of the asset and the asset is within a second predetermined distance of the asset activation device. 16. The asset monitoring and security system of claim 1 wherein the control unit verifies the presence of all of the assets within the defined area and initiates the alarm event when one of the assets is outside of the defined area. 17. The asset monitoring and security system of claim 1 wherein the control unit is enclosed within a housing that is configured to be mounted on a surface of a container that houses the assets. 18. The asset monitoring and security system of claim 17 wherein the housing includes primary and backup power supplies that power the control unit and wherein the backup power supply powers the control unit when the primary power supply fails. 19. The asset monitoring and security system of claim 18 wherein a tamper prevention mechanism fastens the backup power supply to the housing and wherein the control unit initiates the alarm event when the backup power supply is removed from the housing while the tamper prevention mechanism is enabled. 20. The asset monitoring and security system of claim 18 wherein the primary power supply is one of a solar power panel or a fuel cell module and the backup power supply is a rechargeable battery and wherein the primary power supply powers the control unit and maintains a charge voltage of the backup power supply. 21. The asset monitoring and security system of claim 18 wherein the primary and backup power supplies are rechargeable batteries and wherein the primary power supply fails when the primary power supply discharges below a predetermined voltage. 22. The asset monitoring and security system of claim 1 wherein the control unit is enclosed within a housing that is configured to be utilized as hand-held device. 23. The asset monitoring and security system of claim 22 wherein the housing includes a vibrating indicator and wherein the control unit activates the vibrating indicator at least one of during and/or after the alarm event. 24. The asset monitoring and security system of claim 1 wherein the assets are power tools and the defined area is an industrial job site location. 25. The asset monitoring and security system of claim 1 further comprises a display module that displays at least one of an illustration of a given asset and/or a personal identifier that uniquely identifies the asset when privileges associated with the asset for authorized users of the asset are exceeded. 26. A method for operating an asset monitoring and security system, comprising: assigning a unique identifier to at least one asset; transmitting an identification signal embodying the identifier of the asset over a wireless communications link; assigning a unique identifier to at least one user identification device; transmitting an identification signal embodying the identifier of the user identification device over a wireless communications link; maintaining a list of the assets, a list of users authorized to use the assets, and privileges associated with the assets for each of the authorized users; receiving the identification signals from the assets and user identification devices; monitoring positions of the assets and user identification devices within a defined area based on the identification signals from the assets and user identification devices; and associating a given asset with a given user when a user identification device of the user is within a predetermined distance of the asset. 27. The method of claim 26 further comprises initiating an alarm event when privileges associated with a given authorized user for a given asset are exceeded. 28. The method of claim 27 further comprises initiating the alarm event when the asset is located outside of the defined area when a privilege associated with a given asset for authorized users of the asset limits authorized users to possession of the asset within the defined area. 29. The method of claim 26 further comprises activating an alarm indicator that is included in a user identification device when a distance between the user identification device and an asset associated with the user identification device is greater than a second predetermined distance. 30. The method of claim 27 further comprises activating at least one of an audible indicator and/or a visible indicator at least one of during and/or after the alarm event. 31. The method of claim 27 further comprises transmitting an alarm message to a remote monitoring system at least one of during and/or after the alarm event. 32. The method of claim 26 wherein the assets are power tools and the defined area is an industrial job site location. 33. A method for operating an asset monitoring and security system, comprising: assigning a unique identifier to at least one asset; transmitting an identification signal embodying the identifier of the asset over a wireless communications link; assigning a unique identifier to at least one user identification device; transmitting an identification signal embodying the identifier of the user identification device over a wireless communications link; maintaining a list of the assets, a list of users authorized to use the assets, and privileges associated with the assets for each of the authorized users; receiving the identification signals from the assets and user identification devices; monitoring positions of the assets and user identification devices within a defined area based on the identification signals from the assets and user identification devices; associating a given asset with a given user when a user identification device of the user is within a first predetermined distance of the asset; and initiating an alarm event when a user identification device of a user authorized to use the asset is not within a second predetermined distance of the asset. 34. The method of claim 33 further comprises initiating the alarm event when the asset is located outside of the defined area when a privilege associated with a given asset for authorized users of the asset limits authorized users to possession of the asset within the defined area. 35. The method of claim 33 further comprises activating an alarm indicator that is included in the user identification device when a distance between the user identification device and the asset associated with the user identification device is greater than a third predetermined distance. 36. The method of claim 33 further comprises activating at least one of an audible indicator and/or a visible indicator at least one of during and/or after the alarm event. 37. The method of claim 33 further comprises transmitting an alarm message to a remote monitoring system at least one of during and/or after the alarm event. 38. The method of claim 33 wherein the assets are power tools and the defined area is an industrial job site location. 39. A method for operating an asset monitoring and security system, comprising: assigning a unique identifier to at least one asset; transmitting an identification signal embodying the identifier of the asset over a wireless communications link; assigning a unique identifier to at least one user identification device, wherein the user identification device includes an alarm indicator; transmitting an identification signal embodying the identifier of the user identification device over a wireless communications link; maintaining a list of the assets, a list of users authorized to use the assets, and privileges associated with the assets for each of the authorized users; receiving the identification signals from the assets and user identification devices; monitoring positions of the assets and user identification devices within a defined area based on the identification signals from the assets and user identification devices; associating a given asset with a given user when a user identification device of the user is within a first predetermined distance of the asset; and activating the alarm indicator in the user identification device when a distance between the user identification device and the asset associated with the user identification device is greater than a second predetermined distance. 40. The method of claim 39 further comprises initiating an alarm event when privileges associated with a given authorized user for a given asset are exceeded. 41. The method of claim 40 further comprises initiating the alarm event when the asset is located outside of the defined area when a privilege associated with a given asset for authorized users of the asset limits authorized users to possession of the asset within the defined area. 42. The method of claim 40 further comprises activating at least one of an audible indicator and/or a visible indicator at least one of during and/or after the alarm event. 43. The method of claim 40 further comprises transmitting an alarm message to a remote monitoring system at least one of during and/or after the alarm event. 44. The method of claim 39 wherein the assets are power tools and the defined area is an industrial job site location. 