A method of determining the attitude of a spinning spacecraft is provided. The method includes stabilizing the spacecraft, initializing the attitude of the spacecraft using star tracker data, and estimating the attitude of the spacecraft.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method of determining the attitude of a spinning spacecraft, comprising the steps of: stabilizing the spacecraft; initializing the attitude of the spacecraft using star tracker data; and estimating the attitude of the spacecraft. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein stabilizing the spacecraft includes adjusting spacecraft attitude or angular velocity so that enough power is available for spacecraft functionality. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein stabilizing the spacecraft includes use of an attitude reflecting spacecraft orientation with respect to an arbitrary inertial frame. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein stabilizing the spacecraft includes use of a 3-axis stabilized controller. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein stabilizing the spacecraft includes controlling the spacecraft to a stable rotation by a rate-only controller. 6. The method of claim 5, wherein controlling the spacecraft to a stable rotation includes a substantially zero rate rotation. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein initializing the attitude of the spacecraft using star tracker data comprises the steps of: acquiring the attitude of the spacecraft using star tracker measured data; and validating the acquired attitude. 8. The method of claim 7, wherein acquiring the attitude of the spacecraft using star tracker data further includes the use of an inertial measurement unit. 9. The method of claim 7, wherein acquiring the attitude includes matching of star patterns. 10. The method of claim 7, wherein validating the acquired attitude includes consistency checks of multiple acquired attitudes determined by the star tracker measured data. 11. The method of claim 10, wherein the consistency checks of multiple acquired attitudes includes determining that multiple attitudes, acquired at different times, are consistent with the estimated angular velocity of the spacecraft, or are consistent with the relative orientation of the separate star trackers from which the star tracker measured data was obtained. 12. The method of claim 7, wherein validating the acquired attitude includes determining that measured solar panel current is sufficiently close to solar panel current predicted, using the acquired attitude. 13. The method of claim 7, wherein validating the acquired attitude includes determining that measured sun sensor data is sufficiently close to sun sensor data predicted, using the acquired attitude. 14. The method of claim 7, wherein validating the acquired attitude includes consistent matching of a measured sensor data and its predicted sensor data using acquired attitude. 15. The method of claim 1, wherein estimating the attitude comprises steps of: propagating the attitude to real time; updating the attitude periodically; and monitoring the spacecraft attitude. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein propagating the attitude to real time includes the use of an inertial measurement unit. 17. The method of claim 15, wherein propagating the attitude to real time includes use of star tracker estimated rate. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein the star tracker estimated rate includes the use of a Kalman filter. 19. The method of claim 15, wherein updating the attitude further includes updating the parameters associated with the inertial measurement unit. 20. The method of claim 15, wherein updating includes using of acquired attitude. 21. The method of claim 15, wherein updating includes using a star tracker measurement residual. 22. The method of claim 15, wherein updating includes the use of a Kalman filter. 23. The method of claim 15, wherein monitoring the spacecraft attitude includes one or more of: acquiring the attitude of the spacecraft using star tracker measured data and validating the acquired attitude. 24. The method of claim 15, wherein monitoring the spacecraft attitude includes checking that a star tracker measurement residual is below a threshold before each updating. 25. The method of claim 15, wherein monitoring the spacecraft attitude includes use of the trending of parameters of the inertial measurement unit. 26. A method of determining the attitude of a spinning spacecraft, comprising: stabilizing the spacecraft; acquiring spacecraft attitude using a star tracker measured data; propagating the spacecraft attitude to real time; and updating the spacecraft attitude periodically. 27. A method of operating a spacecraft in spinning transfer orbit, comprising: stabilizing the spacecraft; determining the attitude of the spacecraft using star tracker data; and maneuvering the spacecraft by an attitude controller using the determined attitude. 28. The method of claim 27, wherein stabilizing the spacecraft includes adjusting spacecraft attitude or angular velocity so that enough power is available for spacecraft functionality. 29. The method of claim 27, wherein stabilizing the spacecraft includes use of an attitude reflecting spacecraft orientation with respect to an arbitrary inertial frame. 30. The method of claim 27, wherein stabilizing the spacecraft includes controlling the spacecraft to a stable rotation by a rate-only controller. 31. The method of claim 27, wherein determining the attitude of the spacecraft using star tracker data comprises the steps of: acquiring the attitude of the spacecraft using star tracker data; validating the acquired attitude; propagating the attitude to real time; updating the attitude periodically; and monitoring the attitude. 32. The method of claim 31, wherein acquiring the attitude of the spacecraft using star tracker data further includes the use of an inertial measurement unit. 33. The method of claim 31, wherein validating the acquired attitude includes consistency checks of multiple acquired attitudes determined by the star tracker measured data. 34. The method of claim 31, wherein validating the acquired attitude includes determining that measured solar panel current is sufficiently close to solar panel current predicted using the acquired attitude. 35. The method of claim 31, wherein validating the acquired attitude includes determining that measured sun sensor data is sufficiently close to sun sensor data predicted using the acquired attitude. 36. The method of claim 31, wherein propagating the attitude to real time includes the use of an inertial measurement unit. 37. The method of claim 31, wherein propagating the attitude to real time includes use of star tracker estimated rate. 38. The method of claim 31, wherein updating the attitude further includes updating the parameters associated with the inertial measurement unit. 39. The method of claim 31, wherein monitoring the spacecraft attitude includes one or more of acquiring the attitude of the spacecraft using star tracker measured data and validating the acquired attitude. 40. The method of claim 31, wherein monitoring the spacecraft attitude includes checking that a star tracker measurement residual is below a threshold before each updating. 41. The method of claim 31, wherein monitoring the spacecraft attitude includes use of the trending of parameters associated with the inertial measurement unit. 42. The method of claim 27, wherein maneuvering the spacecraft by a controller using the determined attitude includes a reorientation maneuver. 43. The method of claim 27, wherein maneuvering the spacecraft by a controller using the determined attitude includes a spin speed change. 44. The method of claim 27, wherein maneuvering the spacecraft by a controller using the determined attitude includes a motor burn. 45. A method of operating a spacecraft in spinning transfer orbit, comprising the steps of: stabilizing the spacecraft; acquiring attitude knowledge of the spacecraft using star tracker measured data; propagating the attitude to real time; updating the attitude periodically; and maneuvering the spacecraft by an attitude controller using the updated attitude. 