A liquid monitoring device which floats in liquid such as swimming pools and the like includes a signal element able to indicate a property of liquid and arranged to float above the surface of the liquid, an elongate housing extending below the signal element and arranged so that it is below the surface of liquid when the device is floating therein, and a sensor arranged at an end region of the housing remote from the signal element and arranged to measure at least one property of the liquid, and a device to transmit information from the sensor to the signal element.
Claims 1. A liquid monitoring device which floats in liquid, comprising a signal element able to indicate a property of liquid and arranged to float above the surface of said liquid, an elongate housing extending below said signal element and arranged so that it is below the surface of liquid when the device is floating therein, and a sensor arranged at an end region of said housing remote from the signal element and arranged to measure at least one property of said liquid, and means for transmitting information from said sensor to said signal element. 2. A liquid monitoring device according to claim 1 wherein said elongate housing is such that the sensor is located from 15 to 45 cm below the surface of the liquid in which the device is placed. 3. A liquid monitoring device according to claim 2 wherein the housing is from 28 to 32 cm long. 4. A liquid monitoring device according to claim 1, wherein the said sensor is adapted to measure temperature, pH, and/or chemical composition of said liquid. 5. A liquid monitoring device according to claim 1, wherein the sensor, the means for transmitting information from said sensor to said signal element and/or the signal element are battery operated. 6. A liquid monitoring device according to claim 5 wherein the elongate housing is adapted to accommodate one or more batteries required to operate said sensor, the means for transmitting information from said sensor to said signal element and/or the signal element. 7. A liquid monitoring device according to claim 5 further comprising solar cells which are arranged to operate the sensor, the means for transmitting information from said sensor to said signal element and/or the signal element. 8. A liquid monitoring device according to claim 1, wherein the sensor, the means for transmitting information from said sensor to said signal element and/or the signal element is powered by solar cells. 9. A liquid monitoring device according to claim 1, wherein the signal element comprises a display, housed within a transparent container. 10. A liquid monitoring device according to claim 9 wherein the display is a digital display. 11. A liquid monitoring device according to claim 1, wherein the said signal element comprises a transmitter, able to transmit information to a remote receiving station. 12. A liquid monitoring device according to claim 1, wherein the said elongate housing is removable. 13. A liquid monitoring device according to claim 1, which further comprises a buoyancy aid, arranged to maintain the device floating in liquid such that the signal element is above the waterline and the elongate housing below the waterline. 14. An elongate housing for use in a device according to claim 1. 15. A combination of an elongate housing and a sensor for use in a device according to claim 1. 16. (canceled) 