An electric double layer capacitor includes polarizable electrodes immersed in an organic electrolyte, wherein the electric double layer capacitor exhibits a high energy density. Also disclosed is a method of coupling an electric double layer capacitor to photovoltaic and variable energy generation systems.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A double layer capacitor, comprising: a plurality of polarizable electrodes immersed in an organic electrolyte, each polarizable electrode having a thickness, a capacitive density, and a composition; wherein the composition primarily comprises a carbonaceous material; and wherein the thickness squared, as measured in centimeters across the narrowest face dimension, multiplied by the capacitive density, as measured in farads per cubic centimeter of electrode, is greater than 0.72. 2. The electrode of claim 1, wherein the thickness squared, as measured in centimeters across the narrowest face dimension, multiplied by the capacitive density, as measured in farads per cubic centimeter of electrode, is greater than 1.44. 3. The electrode of claim 1, wherein the thickness squared, as measured in centimeters across the narrowest face dimension, multiplied by the capacitive density, as measured in farads per cubic centimeter of electrode, is greater than 5. 4. The electrode of claim 1 wherein the thickness squared, as measured in centimeters across the narrowest face dimension, multiplied by the capacitive density, as measured in farads per cubic centimeter of electrode, is greater than 10 and less than 6500. 5. An energy generation system comprising: a photovoltaic energy source; and an energy storage subsystem comprising at least one electric double layer capacitor conforming to claim 1, the energy storage subsystem configured to provide energy when the photovoltaic energy source is insufficient to fulfill power demand. 6. The energy generation system of claim 5, wherein the ratio of the total energy storage capacity at full charge of the energy storage subsystem is greater than 2 Watt-hours per peak watt (Wh/W) of the photovoltaic energy source under conditions of 1000 watts/meter.sup.2 of solar irradiation at 25 degrees Celsius. 7. The energy generation system of claim 6, wherein the ratio of the peak power rating of the energy storage subsystem to the total energy storage capacity the energy storage subsystem falls between a range of 3 to 300 Wh/W. 8. The energy generation system of claim 6, wherein the ratio of the peak power rating of the energy storage subsystem to the total energy storage capacity the energy storage subsystem falls between a range of 5 to 300 Wh/W. 9. The energy generation system of claim 6, further comprising an electric generator configured as a co-generating source of energy. 10. An energy generation system comprising: at least one intermittent energy source; and an energy storage subsystem comprising at least one electric double layer capacitor conforming to claim 1, the energy storage subsystem configured to provide energy when the at least one intermittent energy source is insufficient to fulfill current demand. 11. The energy generation system of claim 10, wherein the ratio of the total energy capacity of the energy storage subsystem to the daily average load is greater than 0.5 12. The energy generation system of claim 10, wherein the ratio of the total energy capacity of the energy storage subsystem to the average daily energy capacity of the at least one intermittent energy source is greater than 0.25 and less than 30. 13. The energy generation system of claim 10, wherein the at least one intermittent energy source comprises an energy source selected from the group consisting of a photovoltaic system, a thermo-electric solar generator, a wind turbine, a tidal generator, a thermal gradient generator, a combustion powered generator-set, a gas turbine, a sterling engine, an electric power grid, and fuel cells. 14. The energy generation system of claim 10, further comprising a controller configured to manage the energy storage subsystem for proposes including: charging of the capacitors by the energy generator; DC-DC conversion; constant voltage, current, or power charging of the storage sub-system, management of the capacitors' state of charge; management of the power generation sources; and prevention of capacitor overcharge. 15. The energy generation system of claim 14, wherein the controller is further configured to track energy production of the photovoltaic array. 16. The energy generation system of claim 10, further comprising an inverter or DC-DC converter configured to convert energy available from the energy storage subsystem to power required by the load. 17. The energy generation system of claim 10, wherein the energy generation system may be stand-alone, supplying electricity to a specific set of loads, where said loads may be integrated into the system or external to it, or connected to an external electric grid, whereby it provides on-demand electricity to the grid, while providing a means of backup power. 