An integrated system for monitoring sap flow and simultaneously performing data-logging and automatically scheduling irrigation in a field; comprising a plurality of in situ sap flow gauges that perform its comprehensive computer-controlled tasks in the field being irrigated. This plurality of sap flow gauge can be detached from and reattached to a like plurality of plant stems as appropriate. A scaling mechanism is used to calculate crop water usage in variously-sized fields. An integrated portable computer apparatus is programmed to perform a plurality of actions including sap flow monitoring via a controller and data-logger; data-logging and automatic irrigation scheduling; a plurality of sap flow gauges; an automatic rain gage; a water meter; an irrigation valve actuator; and any auxiliary and independent weather or soil monitoring sensors. The system is connected to a PC, mounted in a weatherproof enclosure, and powered by rechargeable battery, solar panel, or AC mains power with battery backup. Computerized monitoring and control procedures are initialized via a custom-developed graphical user interface. At any predetermined interval set by a user, the depth or volume of water required to balance transpiration losses is calculated and irrigation is then automatically triggered. The system affords closed loop control with water flow from soil through plant to atmosphere and from irrigation--and having the benefit of a feedback loop.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A closed-loop system operated by a user for performing sap flow monitoring and simultaneously performing data-logging thereof in a field having a first plurality of plants, and for calculating sap flow attributes for said first plurality of plants based upon logged sap data so that irrigation-water may be applied to replenish water consumed by said first plurality of plants in said field; said system comprising: a dedicated microprocessor for providing closed-loop control to a first plurality of sensors and devices disposed in said field; said second plurality of sensors and devices including: a third plurality of sap flow gauges adapted to be attached to and detached from said first plurality of plants, and for monitoring said sap flow in said first plurality of plants; an automatic rain gauge for measuring rainfall in said field; a water meter for measuring said irrigation-water input into said field; a fourth plurality of auxiliary sensors for monitoring weather conditions and moisture content in soil disposed in said field; a communication interface for communicating said calculated sap flow attributes to remote locations; a water reservoir interconnected with a fifth plurality of pipes interconnected with a sixth plurality of valves, for distributing said calculated quantity of water to said first plurality of plants in said field to irrigate said field; and power means interconnected with said dedicated microprocessor and said fifth plurality of pipes interconnected with said sixth plurality of valves for driving said closed-loop system and said quantity of water. 2. Said closed-loop system recited in claim 1, wherein said calculation of said sap flow attributes is triggered according to a time interval predetermined by said user. 3. Said closed-loop system recited in claim 2, wherein said calculation of said sap flow attributes determines depth of water prerequisite for replenishing said transpiration losses of said first plurality of plants. 4. Said closed-loop system recited in claim 2, wherein said calculation of said sap flow attributes determines volume of water prerequisite for replenishing said transpiration losses of said first plurality of plants. 5. Said closed-loop system recited in claim 1, wherein said irrigation of said field occurs automatically. 6. Said closed-loop system recited in claim 2, wherein said calculation of said water-consumption by said first plurality of plants in said field is functionally related to accumulation of said sap flow of said first plurality of plants allowing compensation for said rainfall recorded by said rain gauge, by said soil moisture recorded by said moisture sensor, and by said irrigation recorded by said water meter. 7. Said closed-loop system recited in claim 1, wherein said dedicated microprocessor comprises EEPROM memory. 8. Said closed-loop system recited in claim 7, wherein said sap flow calculations are saved on an hourly basis. 9. Said closed-loop system recited in claim 8, wherein said EEPROM memory stores said saved sap flow calculations. 10. Said closed-loop system recited in claim 7, wherein said sap flow calculations are saved on a daily basis. 11. Said closed-loop system recited in claim 10, wherein said EEPROM memory stores said saved sap flow calculations. 12. Said closed-loop system recited in claim 7, wherein said sap flow calculations are saved on an hourly basis. 13. Said closed-loop system recited in claim 12, wherein said sap flow calculations are functionally related to radial energy obtained from said stems of said first plurality of plants. 14. Said closed-loop system recited in claim 12, wherein said sap flow calculations are functionally related to difference between increasing sap temperature and decreasing strip heater temperature. 15. Said closed-loop system recited in claim 1, wherein said field comprises a seventh plurality of plant irrigation zones. 16. Said closed-loop system recited in claim 15, wherein said irrigation-water is calculated based upon a weighted average of said water consumption in each zone of said seventh plurality of plant irrigation zones. 17. Said closed-loop system recited in claim 3, wherein said water prerequisite for replenishing said transpiration losses corresponds to the minimum depth thereof. 18. Said closed-loop system recited in claim 4, wherein said water prerequisite for replenishing said transpiration losses corresponds to the minimum volume thereof. 19. Said closed-loop system recited in claim 1, wherein a pattern of said transpiration losses of said first plurality of plants may be viewed comparatively analyzed relative to environmental conditions. 20. Said closed-loop system recited in claim 19, wherein said irrigation-water may be adjusted according to said relative pattern of transpiration losses. 21. Said closed-loop system recited in claim 1, wherein a PC may be optionally electrically attached thereto for providing a custom-developed, user-friendly graphical user interface for initializing said second plurality of sensors and devices. 22. Said closed-loop system recited in claim 21, wherein said PC provides computerized monitoring and control procedures that are initialized via said graphical user interface. 23. Said closed-loop system recited in claim 21, wherein said PC provides a conventional connection to said communications interface. 24. Said closed-loop system recited in claim 21, wherein said PC provides an expedient means for saving and retrieving said sap history for said field. 23. Said closed-loop system recited in claim 21, wherein said PC is adapted to be mounted within a weatherproof enclosure. 24. Said closed-loop system recited in claim 1, wherein said power means comprises a rechargeable battery. 25. Said closed-loop system recited in claim 1, wherein said power means comprises a solar panel. 26. Said closed-loop system recited in claim 1, wherein said power means comprises AC mains power. with battery backup 27. Said closed-loop system recited in claim 26, wherein said AC mains power includes battery backup. 28. Said closed-loop system recited in claim 21, wherein said PC is interconnected with said data-logger for receiving sensor results from said data-logger 29. Said closed-loop system recited in claim 21, wherein said PC enables said user to easily install and configure said closed-loop system via a conventional point-and-click protocol. 30. Said closed-loop system recited in claim 21, wherein said PC enables anomalous data of said logger-data acquired from said second plurality of sensors and devices is filtered-out by a voting function, to promote accuracy of said water-replenishment calculation. 31. Said closed-loop system recited in claim 1, wherein said irrigation-water is controlled electronically. 32. Said closed-loop system recited in claim 1, wherein said irrigation-water is controlled manually. 33. Said closed-loop system recited in claim 1, wherein said calculation of said irrigation-water is functionally related to said first plurality of plants and a eighth plurality of sizes thereof, in said field. 