A wind power generator according to the present invention has a windmill 1 for rotating the generator, and the windmill 1 comprises a main vertical shaft 2, a rotor 3 and a wind-receiving blade 4. The rotor 3 fixed horizontally at the upper end of the main vertical shaft 2 comprises a flywheel, and a plurality of wind-receiving blades are spaced equally on the circumference of the rotor 3. The rotor 3 gives kinetic energy by rotation inertia to the windmill 1. The wind-receiving blade 3 is excellent in bending property, and even when it receives breeze, the main vertical shaft 2 is rotated with the principle of leverage.
Claims 1-16. (canceled) 17. A wind power generator comprising a main vertical shaft driven by a motor; a rotor fixed to an upper end of the main vertical shaft to construct a flywheel; and a plurality of wind-receiving blades each of which comprises an outer wind-receiving portion and an inner mounting support, each of said plurality of wind-receiving blades being spaced equally on an outer circumference of the rotor and fixed via the mounting support, an inner surface of each of the blades facing the main vertical shaft, while an outer surface of each of the blades rotates at the farthest portion from the main vertical shaft. 18. A wind power generated as claimed in claim 17, further comprising a cover mounted over an upper surface of the rotor. 19. A wind power generator as claimed in claim 17, wherein said wind-receiving portion has a lobe on an inner surface to generate negative pressure in the front of the wind-receiving blade to produce rotation-driving force in a direction of rotation of the blade. 20. A windmill comprising: a main vertical shaft; a rotor mounted to an upper end of the main vertical shaft to constitute a flywheel; and a plurality of vertical wind-receiving blades equally spaced on an outer circumference of said rotor, each of said plurality of wind-receiving blades comprising an outer wind-receiving portion and an inner mounting support, the wind-receiving portion having a lobe on an inner surface, an outer surface of the wind-receiving blade being placed at the farthest position from the main vertical shaft, the lobe generating negative pressure in the front of the wind-receiving blade to produce rotation-driving force of the wind receiving blade. 21. A windmill as claimed in claim 20 wherein said rotor comprises a circumferential ring and a plurality of support arms extending radially between the main vertical shaft and the circumferential ring which is fixed to the mounting support of the wind-receiving blade. 22. A windmill as claimed in claim 20 wherein a cover is mounted over an upper surface of the rotor and has an upper inclined surface on which solar cells are mounted. 23. A windmill as claimed in claim 22 wherein the inclined surface of the cover has angles for 10 to 40 degrees to a horizon. 24. A main vertical shaft in a windmill in which a rotor as a flywheel is fixed to an upper end of the vertical shaft, comprising: an upper portion having a larger diameter; an intermediate portion smaller in diameter than the upper portion; and a smaller-diameter portion at a lower end to have a diameter of 0.5 to 20% of the upper portion, a larger-diameter collar being fixed with a radial bearing at the upper portion. 25. A main vertical shaft as claimed in claim 24 wherein a hole is formed in the upper portion to allow an electric wire to pass through. 26. A windmill wind-receiving blade vertically mounted around a rotor having a vertical shaft to construct a flywheel, comprising: an inner mounting support and an outer wind-receiving portion, the rear end of which can be bent horizontally with wind pressure in use, the inner mounting support and the outer wind-receiving portion being integrally molded by soft elastic fiber reinforced resin. 27. A windmill wind-receiving blade as claimed in claimed 26 wherein said wind-receiving portion comprises a support bone and a wind-receiving film plate, said support bone being tapered and connected at the rear end to the wind-receiving film plate, the thickness of the front end of the wind-receiving film plate being almost the same as that of the rear end of the support bone and reduced rearwards. 28. A windmill wind-receiving blade as claimed in claim 26 wherein a lobe is formed on the inner surface of the wind-receiving portion to generate rotation-driving force. 29. A windmill wind-receiving blade as claimed in claim 26 wherein the wind-receiving blade is hollow, the outer surface of the wind-receiving portion being formed to pass along an orbit of rotation of the outer front end of the wind-receiving portion. 30. A windmill wind-receiving blade as claimed in claim 26 wherein the front end of the wind-receiving portion is fixed to the mounting support. 31. A windmill wind-receiving blade as claimed in claim 26 wherein said fiber reinforced resin contains a matrix selected from the group of unsaturated polyester resin, vinyl ester resin, epoxy resin, urethane resin, epoxy acrylate resin and urethane acrylate resin, reinforcing fibers being made of a mixture of inorganic and organic fibers, said matrix having elongation of 30 to 50% at rupture at room temperature, while the reinforcing fibers have elongation of 30 to 40% at rupture. 32. A windmill wind-receiving blade as claimed in claim 31 wherein the inorganic fibers of the reinforcing fibers are selected from the group of glass fibers, carbon fibers, metal fiber mat, one-directional material and woven material, while the organic fibers of the reinforcing fibers are selected from the group of aramid fibers, vinylon fibers, nylon fibers, polyester fibers and polyethylene fibers. 