An electronic circuit having radiation monitoring capability is disclosed. Radiation, such as ultraviolet (UV) radiation, infrared (IR) radiation or light, can be measured by the electronic circuit. The measured radiation can then be used in providing radiation-related information to a user of the electronic circuit. In one implementation, the electronic circuit is provided within eyewear so that the user of the eyewear is able to easily monitor their exposure to radiation.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An electronic circuit for monitoring radiation, said electronic circuit comprising: a radiation detector that detects an intensity of at least one type of radiation; a radiation accumulator that receives and accumulates the detected intensity from said radiation detector; a comparator that determines whether the accumulated intensity exceeds at least one threshold level; and an output device that is configured for indicating whether the accumulated intensity exceeds the at least one threshold level. 2. An electronic device as recited in claim 1, wherein said electronic circuit is at least partially embedded in or attached to a consumer product, and wherein said output device informs a user of the consumer product that excess radiation has been received when the accumulated radiation intensity exceeds the at least one threshold level. 3. An electronic device as recited in claim 2, wherein the consumer product is eyewear. 4. An electronic device as recited in claim 2, wherein the threshold level is configurable by the user of the consumer product or is determined dependent on the user of the consumer product. 5. An electronic device as recited in claim 3, wherein said electronic circuit further comprises a "being worn" indicator, and wherein at least a portion of said electronic circuit is inactive when said "being worn" indicator determines that the eyewear is not being worn. 6. An electronic device as recited in claim 1, wherein said output device is a display device, and wherein said display device displays at least a first graphic when the accumulated intensity exceeds the at least one threshold level, and displays a second graphic or no graphic when the accumulated intensity does not exceed the at least one threshold level. 7. An electronic device as recited in claim 1, wherein said radiation detector detects at least one of UV radiation, infrared radiation and light. 8. An electronic device as recited in claim 1, wherein said radiation detector detects radiation associated with a particular range of wavelengths. 9. An electronic device as recited in claim 1, wherein said radiation detector is only activated on a periodic basis, thereby reducing power consumption of said electronic circuit. 10. An electronic device as recited in claim 1, wherein said electronic circuit further comprises at least one battery or a least one solar cell, and wherein said electronic circuit further comprises at least one of a reset switch, a reset/on switch and an on/off switch. 11. An electronic device as recited in claim 1, wherein said electronic circuit is at least partially embedded in a temple portion of an eyeglass frame. 12. An electronic circuit for monitoring radiation, said electronic circuit comprises: a radiation detector that detects an intensity of a type of radiation; a radiation-to-frequency converter that receives the detected intensity and converts the detected intensity to a frequency signal, the frequency signal having a frequency that is dependent on the detected intensity; an output manager operatively connected to said radiation-to-frequency converter, said output manager being configured to determine whether to output an output indication based on the frequency signal; and an output device that is configured for outputting the output indication. 13. An electronic circuit as recited in claim 12, wherein said radiation-to-frequency converter is periodically activated by a control signal having a duty cycle, wherein said electronic circuit further comprises a power source for providing power to said electronic circuit, wherein the periodic nature of the control signal reduces power consumption by said electronic circuit and thus conserves power drawn from the power source, and wherein the duty cycle of the control signal is such that, for a given period of the duty cycle, the control signal causes said radiation-to-frequency converter to be off more than on. 14. An electronic circuit as recited in claim 12, wherein said output manager comprises a divider that divides down the frequency signal to control when to output the output indication. 15. An electronic circuit as recited in claim 12, wherein said output manager comprises: a divider operatively connected to receive the frequency signal from said radiation-to-frequency converter and to produce a divided frequency signal; and a latch operatively connected to said divider to produce an output control signal based on the divided frequency signal, and wherein said output device produces the output indication based on the output control signal. 16. An electronic circuit as recited in claim 12, wherein said electronic circuit is at least partially embedded in a temple portion of an eyeglass frame. 17. An electronic circuit for monitoring radiation, said electronic circuit comprises: a radiation detector that detects an intensity of a type of radiation; a radiation-to-pulse-width converter that receives the detected intensity from said radiation detector and converts the detected intensity to a radiation signal, the radiation signal having a pulse-width that is dependent on the detected intensity; an output manager operatively connected to said radiation-to-pulse-width converter, said output manager being configured to determine whether to output an output indication based on the pulse-width of the radiation signal; and an output device that is configured for outputting the output indication. 18. An electronic circuit as recited in claim 17, wherein said radiation detector is activated on a periodic basis, wherein said electronic circuit further comprises a power source for providing power to said electronic circuit, and wherein the periodic nature of the radiation detection by said radiation detector reduces power consumption by said electronic circuit and thus conserves power drawn from the power source. 19. An electronic circuit as recited in claim 18, wherein said electronic circuit further comprises: an accumulator that accumulates the pulse-widths provided when said radiation detector is periodically activated, and wherein said output manager determines whether to output the output indication based on the accumulated pulse-widths. 20. An electronic circuit as recited in claim 19, wherein the output indication has a plurality of separately controlled segments that are individually activated based on the accumulated pulse-widths. 21. An electronic circuit as recited in claim 17, wherein said radiation-to-pulse-width converter and said output manager are implemented by a microcontroller integrated circuit chip. 22. An electronic circuit as recited in claim 17, wherein said output device is a display device, and wherein said display device displays at least a first graphic when the amount of radiation that has been accumulated by said electronic circuit is excessive, and displays a second graphic or no graphic when the accumulated amount of radiation is not excessive. 23. An electronic circuit as recited in claim 17, wherein said radiation detector detects at least one of UV radiation, infrared radiation and light. 24. An electronic circuit as recited in claim 17, wherein said electronic circuit is at least partially embedded in a temple portion of an eyeglass frame. 