An inverter is devised to avoid high-frequency voltages at input terminals and to allow good efficiency thanks to its simple and cost-optimized circuit layout. This is achieved by a method of converting a direct current voltage, more specifically from a photovoltaic source of direct current voltage, into an alternating current voltage at a frequency through a bridge circuit comprising switching elements (V1-V4) and free-wheeling elements (D1-D4), said switching elements (V1-V4) being on the one side gated at the frequency and on the other side clocked at a high clock rate, a direct current voltage circuit, an alternating current voltage circuit and a plurality of free-wheeling phases being provided. It is provided that, during the free-wheeling phases, the alternating current voltage circuit is decoupled from the direct current voltage circuit by means of a switching element disposed in the direct current voltage circuit, a free-wheeling current flowing through one of the free-wheeling elements (D1) in the bridge circuit when in the decoupled state.
Claims 1. A method of converting a direct current voltage of a source of direct current voltage, more specifically of a photovoltaic source of direct current voltage, into an alternating current voltage at a frequency through a bridge circuit comprising switching elements (V1-V4) and free-wheeling elements (D1-D4), said switching elements (V1-V4) being on the one side gated at the mains frequency and on the other side clocked at a high clock rate, a direct current voltage circuit, an alternating current voltage circuit and a plurality of free-wheeling phases being provided, characterized in that the alternating current voltage circuit is decoupled from the direct current voltage circuit during the free-wheeling phases by means of a switching element disposed in the direct current voltage circuit, a free-wheeling current flowing through one of the free-wheeling elements (D1) in the bridge circuit when in the decoupled state. 2. The method as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that the switching elements (V1-V4) of the bridge circuit are asymmetrically gated in such a manner that a respective one of the switching elements (V1 and V3) of a bridge half is gated at the frequency, more specifically at a mains frequency, while a respective one of the switching elements (V2 and V4) of another bridge half is clocked at the clock rate. 3. The method as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that harmonics are reduced in the alternating current voltage circuit through at least one reactor, more specifically through two reactors (L1, L2) connected in series and disposed at different bridge taps. 4. The method as set forth in claim 1, characterized by an application in conjunction with a transformerless photovoltaic inverter (1), more specifically with a photovoltaic inverter. 5. The method as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that the corresponding switching elements (V2, V4, V5) of the bridge circuit are clocked in the kHz range. 6. The method as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that the corresponding switching elements (V2, V4, V5) of the bridge circuit are clocked and pulse-width modulated. 7. The method as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that the additional switching element (V5) located in the direct current voltage circuit is clocked in synchronism with a clocked switching element (V2) during one half wave whilst it is clocked in synchronism with another switching element (V4) during the other half wave. 8. A circuit arrangement for performing the method as set forth in claim 1, said circuit arrangement having a bridge circuit and the additional switching element (V5). 9. The circuit arrangement as set forth in claim 8, characterized in that the additional switching element (V5) is provided with an anti-parallel diode (D5). 10. The circuit arrangement as set forth in claim 8, characterized in that the switching elements of the bridge circuit (V1-V5), more specifically the switching elements (V2, V4) that are to be clocked at high frequency only, and the additional switching element (V5) are configured to be MOSFET semiconductor components. 11. An inverter, more specifically a photovoltaic inverter with a circuit arrangement as set forth in claim 1, characterized by a transformerless implementation. 