A remote motor vehicle signal indicator system comprising a transmitter coupled to a vehicle indication signal drive line. The transmitter wirelessly transmits a receiver activation signal corresponding to a vehicle indication signal of the vehicle indication signal drive line. Optionally, the transmitter may be configured to bypass transmission of a brake signal to a remote vehicle signal indicator in order to conserve power at the remote vehicle signal indicator. The vehicle indication signal is selected may comprise a turn signal, a brake signal, a reverse gear signal, and a hazard signal or any other signal displayable on a vehicle. The system also includes a remote vehicle signal indicator coupled to a surface outside of the vehicle and includes a signal indicator display. The remote vehicle signal indicator receives the receiver activation signal from the transmitter and, in response, wakes in order to sample the transmissions at a higher rate in order to only consume more power when needed and activates the signal indicator display. In some variations, a power supply not coupled to the vehicle power supply powers the remote vehicle signal indicator for example via solar power and the transmitter is powered by the vehicle indication signal thereby eliminating the requirement to tie directly into the vehicle's battery.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A wireless remote vehicle signal indicator for supplementing existing vehicle signal indicators comprising: a transmitter coupled to a vehicle indication signal drive line of a vehicle, said transmitter configured to wirelessly transmit a receiver activation signal corresponding to a vehicle indication signal asserted on said vehicle indication signal drive line wherein said vehicle indication signal is selected from the group consisting of a turn signal, a brake signal, a reverse gear signal, and a hazard signal; said transmitter configured to discriminate between a concurrent left turn signal and a right turn signal comprising said brake signal and not transmit said brake signal; and, a remote vehicle signal indicator coupled to said vehicle, said remote vehicle signal indicator comprising a signal indicator display, said remote vehicle signal indicator configured to wirelessly receive said receiver activation signal from said transmitter and, in response, wake and activate the signal indicator display. 2. The wireless remote vehicle signal indicator system of claim 1 wherein said transmitter is configured to receive operating power from said vehicle indication signal of said vehicle indication signal drive line. 3. The wireless remote vehicle signal indicator system of claim 1 further comprising a power supply for powering said remote vehicle signal indicator wherein said power supply is electrically isolated from any power source within said vehicle. 4. The wireless remote vehicle signal indicator system of claim 3 wherein said power supply comprises a solar panel, wherein said solar panel provides energy to power said remote vehicle signal indicator. 5. The wireless remote vehicle signal indicator system of claim 1 wherein said transmitter comprises an encoder for encoding said receiver activation signal such that said receiver activation signal may be decoded only by said remote vehicle signal indicator. 6. The wireless remote vehicle signal indicator system of claim 1 wherein said vehicle comprises a side view mirror and said signal indicator display comprises a turn signal indicator display. 7. The wireless remote vehicle signal indicator system of claim 1 wherein said transmitter is located within said vehicle and there are no wireline connections from an interior of said vehicle to said remote vehicle signal indicator. 8. A wireless remote vehicle signal indicator system comprising: a housing coupled to a vehicle; a receiver within said housing, said receiver configured to wirelessly receive receiver activation signals from a transmitter coupled to said vehicle, said receiver activation signals corresponding to vehicle indication signals generated by said vehicle wherein said vehicle indication signals are selected from the group consisting of a turn signal, a brake signal, reverse gear signal and a hazard signal; said receiver configured to wake upon receipt of said receiver activation signal; and, a signal indicator display coupled to said receiver and configured to display, in response to a received receiver activation signal, a remote vehicle indication signal corresponding to said vehicle indication signals generated in said vehicle. 9. The wireless remote vehicle signal indicator of claim 8 further comprising a power supply for providing power to said receiver and said signal indicator display. 10. The wireless remote vehicle signal indicator of claim 9 wherein said power supply comprises a solar panel, wherein said solar panel provides energy to operate said receiver, and said signal indicator display. 11. The wireless remote vehicle signal indicator of claim 9 wherein said power supply is contained in said housing. 12. The wireless remote vehicle signal indicator of claim 8 wherein said vehicle comprises a side view mirror wherein said signal indicator display is coupled with said side view mirror and wherein said signal indicator display further comprises a turn signal indicator display. 13. A transmitting device of a remote vehicle signal indicator system for a vehicle comprising: a housing attached to a vehicle; a signal monitoring line coupled to a vehicle indication signal drive line of said vehicle, said signal monitoring line configured to receive vehicle indication signals from said vehicle indication signal drive line wherein said vehicle indication signals are selected from the group consisting of a turn signal, a brake signal, reverse gear signal and a hazard signal; a transmitter within said housing and coupled to said signal monitoring line, said transmitter configured to wirelessly transmit a receiver activation signal corresponding to said vehicle indication signals of said vehicle indication signal drive line to a remote vehicle signal indicator coupled with said vehicle, in order to provide additional signal displays to those originally configured with said vehicle indication signal drive line; and, said transmitter configured to discriminate between a concurrent left turn signal and a right turn signal comprising said brake signal and not transmit said brake signal. 14. The transmitting device of claim 13 wherein said transmitter receives operating power from said signal monitoring line. 15. The transmitting device of claim 13 wherein said transmitter comprises an encoder for encoding said receiver activation signal so that only particular receivers can decode said receiver activation signal. 16. A method of providing additional vehicle signal indicators for a vehicle comprising: wirelessly receiving a receiver activation signal at a remote vehicle signal indicator coupled to a vehicle wherein said receiver activation signal is transmitted from said vehicle, said receiver activation signal corresponding to a vehicle indication signal generated within said vehicle wherein said vehicle indication signal is selected from the group consisting of a turn signal, a brake signal, a reverse gear signal, and a hazard signal; and, displaying, in response to said wirelessly receiving, a remote vehicle indication signal corresponding to said vehicle indication signal generated within said vehicle, in order to provide additional signal displays to those originally configured with said vehicle. 17. The method of claim 16 further comprising: detecting said vehicle indication signal generated within said vehicle; and, transmitting from a transmitter, in response to said detecting, said receiver activation signal corresponding to said vehicle indication signal generated within said vehicle to said remote vehicle signal indicator. 18. The method of claim 16 further comprising powering said remote vehicle signal indicator from solar energy received at said solar panel. 19. The method of claim 16 wherein said step of transmitting includes encoding said receiver activation signal so that unintended remote vehicle signal indicators do not decode said receiver activation signal. 20. The method of claim 16 further comprising: deriving operating power for said transmitter from said vehicle indication signal. 