An automatic flag illumination system for illuminating a flag on a flag pole. The system has a fixture enclosure adapted to be mounted on the flag pole. A light is source mounted within the fixture enclosure and a first interchangeable section is supported by the fixture enclosure. A light sensitive device is mounted on the first interchangeable section, the light sensitive device being adapted to activate the light source at dusk. A second interchangeable section has the same features as the first interchangeable section for mounting the light sensitive device and further for being supported by the fixture enclosure.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An automatic flag illumination system for illuminating a flag on a flag pole, the system comprising: a fixture enclosure adapted to be mounted on the flag pole; a light source mounted within the fixture enclosure; a first interchangeable section adapted to be removably mounted to the fixture enclosure; a light sensitive device mounted on the first interchangeable section, the light sensitive device being adapted to activate the light source in response to sensing a predetermined level of light; and a second interchangeable section adapted to be removably mounted to the fixture enclosure, the second interchangeable section being interchangeable with the first interchangeable section and having a different predetermined characteristic from the first interchangeable section. 2. The automatic flag illumination system of claim 1 wherein the first interchangeable section is sealed to the fixture enclosure and wherein the second interchangeable section may be sealed to the fixture enclosure. 3. The automatic flag illumination system of claim 1 further comprising a power source electrically coupled to the light source. 4. The automatic flag illumination system of claim 3 wherein the power source comprises a solar cell and a battery. 5. The automatic flag illumination system of claim 1 wherein the first interchangeable section is, at least partially, spherical in shape and wherein the different predetermined characteristic is a different surface indicia from the first interchangeable section. 6. The automatic flag illumination system of claim 1 wherein the fixture enclosure has a shoulder and a locating feature supporting the first interchangeable section. 7. The automatic flag illumination system of claim 6 wherein the first interchangeable section is sealed to the fixture enclosure at the shoulder or the locating feature. 8. An automatic flag illumination system for illuminating flags on flag poles, the system comprising: a fixture enclosure adapted to be mounted on a flag pole; a light source mounted within the fixture enclosure; an interchangeable section supported by the fixture enclosure; and a light sensitive device electrically coupled to the light source, the light sensitive device being adapted to activate the light source at dusk; wherein, the interchangeable section is interchangeable from a number of different interchangeable sections, each of the different interchangeable sections having a different predetermined characteristic, and wherein the system is adapted to be movable and mountable as a unit from the flag pole a different flag pole. 9. The automatic flag illumination system of claim 8 wherein the interchangeable section is sealed to the fixture enclosure and wherein the light sensitive device is mounted to the interchangeable section. 10. The automatic flag illumination system of claim 8 further comprising a power source electrically coupled to the light source, wherein the power source comprises a solar cell and a battery. 11. The automatic flag illumination system of claim 11 further comprising a timer electrically coupled to the light source, wherein the timer de-activates the light source after a time period. 12. The automatic flag illumination system of claim 8 wherein the interchangeable section is, at least partially, spherical in shape and wherein the different predetermined characteristic is a different indicia. 13. The automatic flag illumination system of claim 11 further comprising an electrical disconnect electrically coupling the light sensitive device to the light source, the electrical disconnect being adapted to be repeatedly coupled and decoupled, wherein the fixture enclosure has a shoulder and a locating feature supporting the interchangeable section, wherein the interchangeable section is sealed to the fixture enclosure at the shoulder or the locating feature, and wherein the light sensitive device is mounted to the interchangeable section. 14. The automatic flag illumination system of claim 8, wherein the fixture enclosure directs light from the light source at an incline relative to the flag pole. 15. A method for illuminating a flag on a flag pole, the method comprising: providing an enclosure adapted to be mounted on the flag pole; providing a light source mounted within the enclosure; providing a first removable section capable of being removably mounted to the enclosure; providing a light sensitive device removably mounted on the first removable section, the light sensitive device being adapted to activate the light source at dusk; providing an electrical disconnect electrically coupling the light sensitive device to the light source, the electrical disconnect being adapted to be repeatedly coupled and decoupled; providing a second removable section capable of being removably mounted to the enclosure and being adapted for mounting the light sensitive device thereon; and selectably mounting the first removable section or second removable section on the enclosure. 