An apparatus for converting solar energy to DC electrical energy, from both indoor light (artificial light) and outdoor light (sun or natural light). The present invention is suitable for providing power to a variety of handheld devices, such as PDA devices, portable computers, cellular telephones, and so forth, as well as for charging any batteries associated with such handheld devices.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A panel for providing power, comprising: (a) a plurality of photovoltaic cells, said photovoltaic cells being capable of generating electrical power from both artificial and natural light; (b) interconnecting material for electrically connecting said plurality of photovoltaic cells; and (c) a substrate for mounting said photovoltaic cells and said interconnecting material, such that said photovoltaic cells and said interconnecting material are arranged in an array on said substrate; wherein said photovoltaic cells, said interconnecting material and said substrate each feature at least reduced reflectance. 2. The panel of claim 1, wherein said photovoltaic cells comprise oxidized chrome. 3. The panel of claim 1, wherein said interconnecting material comprises a busbar. 4. The panel of claim 3, wherein said busbar comprises graphite. 5. The panel of claim 1, wherein said substrate comprises black fiberglass. 6. The panel of claim 1, further comprising an electrical circuit for connectably providing power from said plurality of photovoltaic cells. 7. The panel of claim 6, wherein said electrical circuit further comprises a resistor for regulating a flow of current from said plurality of photovoltaic cells. 8. The panel of claim 7, wherein said electrical circuit further comprises at least one of a bypass diode or a blocking diode. 9. The panel of claim 6, further comprising an LED (light emitting diode). 10. A system for providing power to an electronic device, comprising: (a) a panel comprising: (i) a plurality of photovoltaic cells, said photovoltaic cells being capable of generating electrical power from both artificial and natural light; (ii) interconnecting material for electrically connecting said plurality of photovoltaic cells; and (iii) a substrate for mounting said photovoltaic cells and said interconnecting material, such that said photovoltaic cells and said interconnecting material are arranged in an array on said substrate; and (b) an electrical circuit for providing power to the device. 11. The system of claim 10, wherein said electrical circuit further comprises a resistor for regulating a flow of current from said plurality of photovoltaic cells. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein said electrical circuit further comprises at least one of a bypass diode or a blocking diode. 13. The system of claim 10, further comprising an LED (light emitting diode). 14. The system of claim 10, further comprising a battery for being connected to the device, wherein said panel provides power to said battery, such that said panel is electrically connected to said battery through said electrical circuit. 15. The system of claim 10, further comprising a battery bank for being connected to the device, wherein said panel provides power to said battery bank, such that said panel is electrically connected to said battery bank through said electrical circuit. 16. The system of claim 15, further comprising an additional battery. 17. The system of claim 16, wherein said additional battery provides a reservoir of power. 18. The system of claim 17, wherein said additional battery provides said power at least when sufficient light is not available. 19. The system of claim 17, wherein said additional battery provides said power at least when additional power is required. 20. The system of claim 16, wherein said additional battery is rechargeable from said panel. 21. The system of claim 10, wherein said photovoltaic cells, said interconnecting material and said substrate each feature at least reduced reflectance. 22. An apparatus for providing power to a handheld device, comprising: (a) a holder for holding the handheld device; (b) at least one solar cell array located in a portion of said holder, said at least one solar cell array being capable of generating electrical power from both artificial light and natural light; and (c) at least one circuit for electrically connecting said at least one solar cell array to the handheld device, such that power is provided to the handheld device. 23. The apparatus of claim 22, wherein said solar cell array is located in an exterior panel of said holder. 24. The apparatus of claim 22, wherein said solar cell array is located in an interior panel of said holder. 25. The apparatus of claim 22, further comprising a universal connector for being connected to said electrical circuit and a specific connector for being connected to the handheld device, said universal connector featuring one end for being connected to one end of said specific connector, said specific connector featuring another end for being connectable to the handheld device, a configuration of said other end being determined according to a configuration of a power socket at the handheld device, such that power is provided to the handheld device. 26. The apparatus of claim 22, further comprising a multi-plug unit for providing power to a plurality of electrical appliances. 27. The apparatus of claim 22, further comprising an additional connector for connection to an external power source, wherein power is provided to the handheld device from said external power source if a power output by said at least one solar cell array falls below a predetermined level. 28. The apparatus of claim 22, wherein said at least one solar cell array comprises a plurality of special monocrystalline high efficiency indoor/outdoor photovoltaic cells. 