Disclosed is a floating altazimuth-tracking array of point-pocus lenses that concentrate direct sunlight on the upper ends of optical-homogenizer rods bonded to high-efficiency multi-junction photnvoltaic cells. The cells are on heat sinks in altitude-tracking linear troughs holding multiple lens-rod-cell assemblies. Swiveling on horizontal axes, the troughs have their heat sinks always submerged in the water of a circular pond. Only knee-high al-together, the troughs and their floating frame rotate in the shallow pond for azimuth tracking. Closely packed floating platforms comprise solar electric farms with maximal land utilization.
Claims 1. A tracking solar concentrator system comprising horizontally-extending banks of sealed linear troughs, said banks of troughs floating on a body of water, said floating banks comprising a submerged floating frame, said troughs free to collectively rotate about a geometric vertical axis so as to track in solar azimuth, each said linear trough rotating about a horizontal axle to track in solar altitude, said axle supported by said frame, each said linear trough comprising a generally U-shaped lateral wall, two end walls, a multiplicity of solar-concentrating lenses on its upper side, and a corresponding multiplicity of target means to receive solar radiation concentrated by said lenses, said target means kept adjacent to said water throughout said tracking in solar altitude, said target means including heat-transmission means conveying heat to said water. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein in said target means comprises a photovoltaic cell and wherein said floating frame comprises electrical-transmission means. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein said target means comprise a transparent optical-homogenizing rod to receive said concentrated solar radiation. 4. The system of claim 2 wherein said target means comprise a photovoltaic cell and a transparent optical-homogenizing rod 5. The system of claim 4 wherein said homogenizing rod has a first transverse face to receive said concentrated solar radiation, multiple longitudinally oriented planar walls to kaleidoscopically mix said radiation via total internal reflection, and a second transverse face opposing said first transverse face, said second transverse face being in optical contact with said photovoltaic cell. 6. The system of claim 5 wherein said optical contact comprises a transparent adhesive. 7. The system of claim 5 wherein said homogenizing rod has a longitudinal axis defining longitudinal walls, said longitudinal walls of sufficient length to mix said concentrated solar radiation both spatially and spectrally, said mixing sufficiently thorough so as to improve the radiant-utilization performance of said photovoltaic cell relative to its performance when receiving said concentrated solar radiation directly. 8. The system of claim 7 wherein said longitudinal axis of said homogenizing rod is tilted with respect to the direction of said concentrated solar radiation. 9. The system of claim 8 wherein said tilt is in a downward direction, said downward direction defined during tracking-operation at the lowest solar altitude. 10. The system of claim 7 wherein the first transverse face of said rod is perpendicular to said longitudinal axis of said rod. 11. The system of claim 7 wherein said homogenizing rod is made of glass. 12. The system of claim 6 wherein said homogenizing rod is a parallelepiped. 13. The system of claim 7 wherein at least one of said longitudinal walls is not parallel to said longitudinal axis, so that said rod tapers in the direction of said concentrated solar radiation. 14. The system of claim 11 wherein said glass material exhibits low volume-absorptivity of solar radiation. 15. The system of claim 11 wherein said glass homogenizing rod has polished surfaces. 16. The system of claim 15 wherein said glass homogenizing rod has an anti-reflection coating on the transverse face receiving concentrated solar radiation. 17. The system of claim 11 wherein associated with said homogenizing rod are structural support means making only point or line contacts with said rod. 18. The system of claim 17 wherein said structural support means comprises a tube with internal diameter equal to the diagonal dimension of said rod. 19. The system of claim 15 wherein said homogenizing rod has a solar-reflective coating on wall-portions adjacent to said photovoltaic cell. 20. The system of claim 1 wherein said body of water is a circular pond formed by containment walls, said floating banks of solar concentrators fitting within said containment walls so as to accommodate rotary flotation of said banks about a centrally located vertical geometric axis. 21. The system of claim 20 comprising a large shallow circular pond, said pond contains multiple banks of linear troughs closely positioned so as to maximize their areal coverage. 22. The system of claim 20 wherein movement is maintained within the water of said pond. 23. The system of claim 22 wherein said movement comprises surface waves on said water. 24. The system of claim 20 wherein said water is covered by an anti-evaporative means comprising a thin layer of an immiscible fluid of lower density than water, said fluid having sufficiently low vapor pressure for practical periods of persistence. 25. The system of claim 20 comprising a floating frame holding said banks of linear troughs, said frame comprising means of controllably rotating it relative to said pond, said rotation in response to diurnal solar-azimuth motion, said response controlled via solar-azimuth sensing means. 26. The system of claim 2 wherein each said solar concentrator comprises a concentrating lens and photovoltaic cell, said cell in thermal contact with heat-removal means that convey heat to said water. 27. The system of claim 26 wherein said heat-removal means comprises a metallic cap in thermal contact with said water. 28. The system of claim 27 wherein said metallic cap has a submerged surface-area larger than the area of said photovoltaic cell. 29. The system of claim 26 wherein said heat-removal means comprises a heat pipe in thermal contact with said water. 30. The system of claim 1 wherein said end walls of said linear troughs have said axles attached thereto, said axles comprising short protruding cylinders defining a horizontal axis of solar tracking, and wherein said frame comprises support means for said cylinders. 31. The system of claim 30 wherein each of said end walls of said linear troughs have one or more cables mechanically connected at points eccentric from said shafts, said points positioned so that said cables can exert a torque about said shafts. 32. The system of claim 30 wherein buoyancy-balancing weight and a buoyancy-balancing torque about said shafts is exerted by distributed weights positioned eccentric to the center of gravity of said linear troughs. 33. The system of claim 30 wherein torque about said shafts is exerted by the weight of water within multiple chambers within said linear troughs, said chambers with controllable water-level, said chambers formed within said trough by longitudinal walls running parallel to said U-shaped lateral wall. 34. The system of claim 33 wherein said water-bearing-chambers are arranged in pairs on opposing sides of said trough, the chambers of said pair connected by a water-bearing pipe. 35. The system of claim 34 wherein said contained water can be transferred between said paired chambers. 36. The system of claim 35 comprising means of transferring air between said chambers. 37. The system of claim 36 wherein said air-transfer means comprises an air-blower and pipes connecting said blower to the upper portions of said chambers. 38. The system of claim 37 including solar-tracking means comprising solar-altitude sensing apparatus and apparatus for generating appropriate control signals for said air-blower. 39. The system of claim 30 including electrical conducting means to convey solar-generated electricity out of said trough. 40. The system of claim 39 wherein said conducting means comprises a conducting strip on said shaft and a brush means on said frame, said brush means in contact from below with said conducting strip. 41. The system of claim 1 wherein structural elements of said floating frame comprise air ducts. 42. The system of claim 1 wherein said troughs comprise air-sealing means for mounting said concentrating lenses. 43. The system of claim 1 wherein said troughs comprise air-dehumidification means. 44. The system of claim 1 wherein said troughs comprise a bellows system to equalize interior and exterior air pressure. 45. A two-axis-tracking solar-electrical generator comprising horizontally-extending banks of sealed linear troughs, said banks of troughs floating on a contained circular body of water, said troughs free to collectively rotate about a vertical axis so as to track in solar azimuth, each said linear trough rotating about a horizontal axis to track in solar altitude, each said linear trough comprising a longitudinal U-shaped lateral wall, two flat end walls, a multiplicity of solar-concentrating lenses on its upper side, and within said lateral wall a corresponding multiplicity of photovoltaic cells to receive solar radiation concentrated by said lenses, said cells positioned adjacent to said water throughout said tracking in solar altitude, said U-shaped wall comprising heat-transmission means conveying heat from said cells to said water. 46. A two-axis-tracking solar-electrical generator comprising horizontally-extending banks of sealed linear troughs, said banks of troughs floating on a contained circular body of water, said troughs free to collectively rotate about a vertical axis so as to track in solar azimuth, each said linear trough rotating about a horizontal axis to track in solar altitude, each said linear trough comprising a longitudinal U-shaped lateral wall, two flat end walls, a multiplicity of solar-concentrating lenses on its upper side, and within said lateral wall a corresponding multiplicity of photovoltaic cells, positioned under a transparent optical homogenizing rod to receive solar radiation concentrated by said lenses, said cells positioned adjacent to said water throughout said tracking in solar altitude, said U-shaped wall comprising heat-transmission means conveying heat from said cells to said water. 