The heating and cooling system may be structurally incorporated into a building. The heating and cooling system may be incorporated into an exterior building portion having an interior side. At least one support member, having a fastening portion and a channel, is mounted proximate to the interior side of the exterior building portion. At least one radiant heat tube is disposed in each channel and mounted proximate to the interior side of the exterior building portion by each support member. A heat-carrying medium is transmitted through the radiant heat tube. A radiant heat reflective surface is mounted proximate to the radiant heat tube.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A heating and cooling system capable of being structurally incorporated into a building, said heating and cooling system comprising: an exterior building portion having an interior side; at least one radiant heat tube mounted proximate to the exterior building portion on the interior side of the exterior building portion; a heat-carrying medium transmittable through the radiant heat tube; and a radiant heat reflective surface mounted proximate to the radiant heat tube. 2. The system of claim 1, further comprising insulation proximate to the radiant heat reflective surface. 3. The system of claim 1, further comprising at least one support member, each support member comprising a fastening portion and a channel, the support member mounted proximate to the exterior building portion and the channel supporting the radiant heat tube. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the support member and the radiant heat tube are mounted against the interior side of the exterior building portion. 5. The system of claim 1, further comprising photovoltaic pieces mounted to the exterior building portion. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the exterior building portion further comprises a solar radiation-absorbing surface. 7. The system of claim 1, further comprising a pump in communication with the radiant heat tube thereby circulating the heat-carrying medium. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein the fastening portion of the support member is fastened to a substructure, wherein the substructure is positioned to mount the support member against the interior side of the exterior building portion. 9. The system of claim 1, further comprising a vent positioned to allow circulation of air from between the exterior building portion and the radiant heat reflective surface to other spaces within the building. 10. The system of claim 1, wherein the exterior building portion comprises at least a portion of a roof. 11. A method of installing and operating a heating and cooling system in a building, said method comprising the steps of: mounting at least one radiant heat tube against an interior side of an exterior building portion; mounting a radiant heat reflective surface proximate to the radiant heat tube; and transmitting a heat-carrying medium through the radiant heat tube. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein the step of mounting at least one radiant heat tube against the interior side of the exterior building portion further comprises disposing the at least one radiant heat tube within a channel of at least one support member and mounting the at least one support member against the interior side of the exterior building portion, the support member fastened to a substructure. 13. The method of claim 11, further comprising installing insulation proximate to the radiant heat reflective surface. 14. The method of claim 11, wherein the step of transmitting a heat-carrying medium through the radiant heat tube further comprises pumping a heat-carrying medium through the radiant heat tube using a pump. 15. The method of claim 11, further comprising the steps of: heating the heat-carrying medium with solar generated heat radiating through the exterior building portion; and heating the heat-carrying medium with solar generated heat reflected from the radiant heat reflective surface. 16. The method of claim 15, further comprising heating the heat-carrying medium with solar generated heat transmitted through the exterior building portion to the at least one support member in contact with the heat-carrying medium. 17. The method of claim 11, further comprising the step of circulating the heat-carrying medium to a separate portion of the building, thereby heating air or water in the separate portion of the building. 18. A system for utilizing solar energy to provide a heat source within or proximate to a building, the system comprising: a means for collecting heat at an interior side of an exterior building portion; a means for intensifying heat at the interior side of the exterior building portion; a means for transporting collected heat from a collection area; and a means for utilizing the collected heat at least proximate to the building. 19. The method of claim 18, further comprising a means for cooling the exterior building portion. 20. The method of claim 18, further comprising a means for restricting solar energy from radiating significantly past the interior side of the exterior building portion. 21. The method of claim 18 further comprising a means for releasing collected heat through the exterior building portion. 