A vertical shaft windmill is provided in which: a casing (7) extends further upward than a lowest arm (5L); a radial bearing (BI) is fixed to the outer part of the casing (7); and the arm (5L) is mounted for rotation to the casing (7) through the radial bearing (BI). Unstable conditions in the overhang region can be eliminated without decreasing its wind receiving area and without interference with other members.
Claims 1. A vertical shaft windmill comprising: a blade for receiving a wind to obtain rotational force; a plurality of arms disposed in vertical relation for supporting the blade; a rotary shaft disposed vertically for receiving the rotational force of the blade through the arms; a casing for housing the rotary shaft, extending further upward than a lowest arm of the plurality of arms; and a radial bearing fixed to an outer part of the casing for rotatably mounting the lowest arm to the casing. 2. The vertical shaft windmill as recited in claim 1, further comprising a cover member disposed radially outwardly at an exterior of the radial bearing. 3-10. (canceled) 11. The vertical shaft windmill as recited in claim 1, further comprising an arm connecting member placed between the radial bearing and the arms and formed with a recess having a taper of larger radial inside and smaller radial outside, wherein radially inner end of the arm is formed in a shape complementary to the recess. 12. The vertical shaft windmill as recited in claim 2, further comprising an arm connecting member placed between the radial bearing and the arms and formed with a recess having a taper of larger radial inside and smaller radial outside, wherein radially inner end of the arm is formed in a shape complementary to the recess. 13. The vertical shaft windmill as recited in claim 1, wherein the arm is formed hollow and comprises a reinforcement member made of a light material, with a specific gravity of no larger than 3.0, different from that of the arm, the reinforcement member being disposed at the radially inner end of the arm, partly inserted in the arm. 14. The vertical shaft windmill as recited in claim 2, wherein the arm is formed hollow and comprises a reinforcement member made of a light material, with a specific gravity of no larger than 3.0, different from that of the arm, the reinforcement member being disposed at the radially inner end of the arm, partly inserted in the arm. 15. The vertical shaft windmill as recited in claim 11, wherein the arm is formed hollow and comprises a reinforcement member made of a light material, with a specific gravity of no larger than 3.0, different from that of the arm, the reinforcement member being disposed at the radially inner end of the arm, partly inserted in the arm. 16. The vertical shaft windmill as recited in claim 1, further comprising a lid-like member covering an uppermost end of the casing, wherein a labyrinthine structure is constituted at a portion covered with the lid-like member. 17. The vertical shaft windmill as recited in claim 2, further comprising a lid-like member covering an uppermost end of the casing, wherein a labyrinthine structure is constituted at a portion covered with the lid-like member. 18. The vertical shaft windmill as recited in claim 11, further comprising a lid-like member covering an uppermost end of the casing, wherein a labyrinthine structure is constituted at a portion covered with the lid-like member. 19. The vertical shaft windmill as recited in claim 13, further comprising a lid-like member covering an uppermost end of the casing, wherein a labyrinthine structure is constituted at a portion covered with the lid-like member. 20. The vertical shaft windmill as recited in claim 1, further comprising a generator driven by the rotational force of the rotary shaft, wherein the rotary shaft is constituted integrally with a rotary shaft of the generator. 21. The vertical shaft windmill as recited in claim 2, further comprising a generator driven by the rotational force of the rotary shaft, wherein the rotary shaft is constituted integrally with a rotary shaft of the generator. 22. The vertical shaft windmill as recited in claim 11, further comprising a generator driven by the rotational force of the rotary shaft, wherein the rotary shaft is constituted integrally with a rotary shaft of the generator. 23. The vertical shaft windmill as recited in claim 13, further comprising a generator driven by the rotational force of the rotary shaft, wherein the rotary shaft is constituted integrally with a rotary shaft of the generator. 24. The vertical shaft windmill as recited in claim 16, further comprising a generator driven by the rotational force of the rotary shaft, wherein the rotary shaft is constituted integrally with a rotary shaft of the generator. 25. The vertical shaft windmill as recited in claim 20, further comprising a solar battery panel mounted on an outside circumference of the casing. 26. The vertical shaft windmill as recited in claim 20, wherein the generator is adapted to operate also as a motor. 27. The vertical shaft windmill as recited in claim 25, wherein the generator is adapted to operate also as a motor. 28. The vertical shaft windmill as recited in claim 26, wherein the generator is adapted to: supply electric power to a commercial power source when operating as a generator; and be supplied with electric power from the commercial power source when operating as a motor. 29. The vertical shaft windmill as recited in claim 26, further comprising a battery for storing electric power, wherein the generator is adapted to: be supplied with electric power from the battery when operating as a motor; and store electric power in the battery so as to supply electric power from the battery to a commercial power source or as in-house electric power, as required, when operating as a generator. 