An arrangement for mounting a solar panel to a surface, the arrangement including a frame for supporting a solar panel, and at least one support structure and mounting structure for mounting the frame to a surface. The support structure is preferably a wing-like structure that may be pivoted outward from frame, and mounting structure is preferably a suction cup that can be attached to the wing-like structure to mount the solar panel to a surface.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A mount for mounting a solar panel to a surface comprising: a frame for supporting a solar panel; at least one mounting structure for being removably affixed to the surface; and, at least one support structure having a first end for supporting the at least one mounting structure, and having a second end opposite the first end for being adjustably coupled to the frame such that a spacing between the at least one support structure and the frame is variable. 2. A mount according to claim 1, comprising a solar panel. 3. A mount according to claim 1, wherein the at least one mounting structure comprises at least one suction cup. 4. A mount according to claim 3, wherein the at least one suction cup comprises a plurality of suction cups. 5. A mount according to claim 1, wherein the at least one support member is pivotably coupled to the frame. 6. A mount according to claim 5, wherein the at least one support member is disposed for rotation in a plane coplanar with a solar panel supported by the frame. 7. A mount according to claim 5, wherein the at least a support member is disposed for rotation in a plane other than coplanar with a solar panel supported by the frame. 8. A mount according to claim 1, wherein the at least one mounting structure is fixed to the at least one support structure near the first end thereof. 9. A mount according to claim 1, wherein the at least one support structure is fixedly coupled to the frame. 10. A mount according to claim 1, wherein the at least one support structure is slidably coupled to the frame. 11. A mount according to claim 1, wherein the at least one mounting structure is removably attached to the at least one support member near the first end thereof. 12. A mount according to claim 1, wherein the at least one mounting structure comprises a clip for being disposed over a top portion of a car window, the clip for being secured in place by pressure when the car window is in a closed position. 13. A mount according to claim 1, wherein the at least one support structure comprises two support structures mounted independently to the frame. 14. A mount according to claim 1, wherein the at least one support structure comprises four support structures mounted independently to the frame. 15. A mount for mounting a solar panel to a surface comprising: a frame for supporting a solar panel; and, support means coupled to the frame and comprising a plurality of support structures, each support structure comprising a mounting structure for being removably affixed to the surface, and each support structure being independently adjustable for supporting a variable spacing between the mounting structure that is supported thereon and the frame. 16. A mount according to claim 15, wherein each support structure is independently adjustable for supporting a variable spacing between a mounting structure that is supported thereon and at least one other mounting structure. 17. A method for mounting a solar panel to a surface comprising: providing a solar panel supported by a frame; determining a surface to which the solar panel is to be mounted; adjusting an orientation of at least one support structure relative to the frame so as to position at least one mounting structure of the at least one support structure to a predetermined position relative to the frame, the predetermined position selected for making contact with the determined surface; and, removabley affixing the at least one mounting structure to the determined surface. 18. A method according to claim 17, wherein adjusting an orientation of at least one support structure relative to the frame comprises: pivoting the at least one support structure in a plane coplanar with the solar panel supported by the frame, and about an axis perpendicular to the plane. 19. A method according to claim 17, wherein adjusting an orientation of at least one support structure relative to the frame comprises: pivoting the at least one support structure in a plane other than coplanar with the solar panel supported by the frame. 20. A method according to claim 17, wherein adjusting an orientation of at least one support structure relative to the frame comprises: slidably displacing the at least one support structure relative to the frame. 