A mounting for solar panels has fixings which enable it to be easily attached to other mountings for a solar array and can be made of recycled plastic by vacuum forming.
Claims 1-16. (canceled) 17. A mounting for solar panels which mounting comprises a frame having a recess for receiving at least one solar panel, the said frame having a front edge and a rear edge in which the front edge is narrower than the rear edge and the front edge of one said frame is adapted to fit beneath and inside the rear edge of another said frame and to be attached to the said other frame, the said frame having side fixing means so that a plurality of frames can be attached to each other in a side-by-side arrangement and the frame sloping upwards from the front to the back. 18. A mounting according to claim 17 in which the frame is made by vacuum forming of a plastics material. 19. A mounting according to claim 17 in which the angle of slope of the mounting is 5 to 20 degrees. 20. A mounting according to claim 17 in which there is an aperture in the upper surface of the frame to enable pressure above and below the frame to be equalised. 21. A mounting according to claim 17 in which the recess in the top of the mounting is of a size to allow a standard solar panel or PV panel module to fit into the recess and the top of the solar panel or PV panel is flush with the top surface of the mounting. 22. A mounting according to claim 17 in which there is space in the recess to accommodate the solar panel junction box on the underneath of the solar module containing solar panels, with holes for wiring from the junction box to inside the mounting. 23. A mounting according to claim 17 in which the back of the mounting has an opening and a lip so that the front thinner end of another mounting can be inserted into the opening and fixed in place. 24. A mounting according to claim 23 in which there are drainage channels on the base of the mounting to allow water to flow from under the mounting. 25. A mounting according to claim 17 in which the front end of the frame has a flange to allow a covering to be overlapped with the flange so that the front of the flange is firmly held to a surface. 26. A mounting according to claim 25 in which there are drainage channels on the base flange to allow water to flow from under the mounting. 27. A solar module which comprises a mounting according to claim 17 in which there is a solar panel or PV panel in the recess. 28. A solar module according to claim 27 in which the solar panel or PV panel is fixed to the mounting with either rivets or self-tapping screws through the underside of the mounting. 29. A solar module according to claim 27 in which the angle of slope of the mounting is 5 to 20 degrees. 30. A solar module according to claim 27 in which there is an aperture in the upper surface of the frame to enable pressure above and below the frame to be equalised. 31. A solar module according to claim 27 in which the solar panel or PV panel module fits into the recess and the top of the solar panel or PV panel is flush with the top surface of the mounting. 32. A solar module according to claim 27 in which there is space in the recess to accommodate the solar panel junction box on the underneath of the solar module containing solar panels, with holes for wiring from the junction box to inside the mounting. 33. A solar module according to claim 27 in which the back of the mounting has an opening and a lip so that the front thinner end thin end of another mounting can be inserted into the opening and fixed in place. 34. A solar module according to claim 27 in which there are drainage channels on the base of the mounting to allow water to flow from under the mounting. 35. A solar module according to claim 27 in which the front end of the frame has a flange to allow a covering to be overlapped with the flange so that the front of the flange is firmly held to a surface. 36. A solar module according to claim 35 in which there are drainage channels on the base flange to allow water to flow from under the mounting. 37. A solar module according to claim 27 in which the top of the solar panel or PV panel is flush with the top surface of the mounting. 38. A solar array comprising a plurality of solar modules according to claim 27 in which mountings are connected together. 39. A structure which comprises a support surface on which is mounted a solar array according to claim 38. 