A lightweight reflective film formed into one or more frustums of cones with the large diameter of the cones pointed toward the sun concentrate the sun's rays as the rays are reflected through the cone(s) to the narrow end(s). The rays are concentrated onto one or more absorbing surfaces, and the collected energy can be used to heat a fluid that flows in channels within the absorbing body or bodies. The reflective film can be inexpensive plastic. An enclosing lightweight plastic or other flexible material surrounds an assembly of one or more of the cone concentrators, and the entire structure is made rigid by slight interior air pressure and by interior diagonal wires or by lightweight structural members. This system is less expensive than standard parabolic dish solar collectors and is lighter in weight. It requires less precise sun-tracking systems than dish or trough collectors. It can achieve higher temperatures and higher solar collection efficiency than solar troughs.
Claims 1. A solar power concentrator, comprising: flexible material maintained in place and shape by tension, the flexible material comprising one or more cone frustums, each of the cone frustums together defining the shape, the shape including a first end, a first opening at the first end, a second end opposing the first end, a second opening at the second end, and a passage extending through the shape from the first opening to the second opening, the first opening being larger than the second opening, the flexible material comprising an inner surface facing the passage and an outer surface facing away from the passage, the inner surface reflecting solar energy when solar energy is incident upon the inner surface; and a housing within which the flexible material is disposed, the housing comprising a top, a bottom, and at least one side wall, the tension provided by the first end of the shape being coupled to the top and by the second end of the shape being coupled to the bottom, the housing defining interior space between the at least one side wall of the housing and the outer surface of the flexible material, air pressure in the interior space being equal or substantially equal to air pressure in the passage. 2. The solar power concentrator of claim 1 wherein the inner surface of the flexible material includes a reflective coating. 3. The solar power concentrator of claim 1 wherein the inner surface of the flexible material is aluminized. 4. The solar power concentrator of claim 1 wherein the flexible material comprises a single one of the cone frustums. 5. The solar power concentrator of claim 1 wherein the flexible material comprises a plastic film. 6. The solar power concentrator of claim 1 wherein the flexible material comprises foil. 7. The solar power concentrator of claim 1 wherein the flexible material comprises a polyester film. 8. The solar power concentrator of claim 1 wherein the at least one side wall of the housing comprises flexible material. 9. The solar power concentrator of claim 8 wherein the flexible material of the housing is different than the flexible material disposed within the housing. 10. The solar power concentrator of claim 8 wherein the flexible material of the housing comprises a fluorocarbon-based polymer film. 11. The solar power concentrator of claim 10 wherein the fluorocarbon-based polymer film comprises ethylene tetrafluoroethylene. 12. The solar power concentrator of claim 1 wherein the first end of the shape is indirectly connected to the top. 13. The solar power concentrator of claim 1 wherein the first end of the shape is directly connected to the top. 14. The solar power concentrator of claim 1 wherein the second end of the shape is indirectly connected to the bottom. 15. The solar power concentrator of claim 1 wherein the second end of the shape is directly connected to the bottom. 16. The solar power concentrator of claim 1 wherein the housing comprises a cylindrical shape. 17. The solar power concentrator of claim 8 wherein the air pressure in the interior space and the air pressure in the passage is created by air supplied to and maintained in the interior space and the passage. 18. The solar power concentrator of claim 1 wherein the housing comprises a rigid structure. 19. The solar power concentrator of claim 1 further comprising a plurality of the shapes, each of which is maintained by tension and is disposed within the housing. 20. The solar power concentrator of claim 1 wherein the flexible material comprises a film. 21. A solar power concentrator comprising: lightweight cones with reflective inside surfaces and black outside surfaces for accepting sunrays at conical wide ends and for concentrating the sunrays by reflection to conical narrow ends and for radiating away heat from said lightweight cones by having said black outside surfaces; metal reflectors, with shapes defined by an exponential generatrix, attached to the narrow ends of said lightweight cones; transparent windows attached to the wide ends of said lightweight cones; target rods coated with a solar-energy-absorbing coating centered inside said metal reflectors; fluid passages within said target rods for removing heat from said target rods; insulating windows attached to and covering said metal reflectors for the purpose of decreasing convective heat loss from said target rods; a base structure to which said metal reflectors and said target rods are attached; a cylindrical enclosure attached to the outer periphery of said base structure for maintaining slight air pressure within said solar power concentrator; diagonal wires connected to said base structure and connected to the top periphery of said cylindrical enclosure; a pivot means for rotateably supporting said base structure; and a support means for supporting said pivot means above the ground or other foundation; wherein said cylindrical enclosure provides rigidity to said solar power concentrator due to interior air pressure and to said diagonal wires, and wherein said transparent windows apply tension to said lightweight cones due to interior air pressure to maintain the shape of said cones, and wherein sunlight is concentrated by reflection from surfaces of said cones and said metal reflectors onto said target rods to make said target rods hot, and wherein a cooling fluid flows through said fluid passages within said target rods to remove the heat from said target rods. 22. The solar power concentrator according to claim 21 further comprising: a second cylindrical enclosure for enclosing each said lightweight cone; a rigid sheet attached to one end of said second cylindrical enclosure to seal against air leakage and to provide support for said second cylindrical enclosure and for said lightweight cone; and a metallic connector attached to the narrow end of said lightweight cone for the purpose of facilitating attachment to said metal reflector; wherein said second cylindrical enclosure is attached to the wide end of said lightweight cone and to said transparent window to provide rigidity due to interior air pressure and to maintain the shape of said lightweight cone. 23. A solar power concentrator, comprising: a solar concentrator comprising two or more cone frustums for approximating concentrator surfaces defined by exponential generatrices; one or more rigid rings for joining said cone frustums and for holding the ends of said cone frustums in circular geometry; a said metal reflector connected to the narrow end of the narrowest said cone frustum; a hohlraum chamber attached to the narrow end of said metal reflector for enclosing a hohlraum cavity for receiving concentrated sunlight and for enclosing said target rod; and an insulating window covering the opening of said hohlraum chamber for reduction of convective heat losses; wherein sunlight is concentrated by the said cone frustums and said metal reflector into the hohlraum cavity, and wherein solar energy is absorbed into said target rod and into said hohlraum chamber walls, and wherein useful heat is removed by fluid flowing within said fluid channels in said target rod and by fluid flowing in second fluid channels in the walls of said hohlraum chamber or attached to the inside or outside of said hohlraum chamber. 24. A solar power concentrator, comprising: a set of cone frustums and a metal reflector with a low-profile geometry to approximate an exponential generatrix; one or more rigid rings for joining said cone frustums and for holding the ends of said cone frustums in circular geometry; cables connected to said rigid rings and to a base structure to maintain positions of cone frustums; said metal reflector connected to the narrow end of the narrowest said cone frustum; an elongated target rod for the collection of solar energy; a cylindrical enclosure for maintaining structural rigidity by containing air pressure; said base structure on which components are mounted; a large-diameter rigid ring to hold the wide end of the largest cone frustum, connected to the top of said cylindrical enclosure; a transparent cover to seal in the air pressure and prevent dust from reaching interior surfaces; one or more second rigid rings placed on top of said transparent cover to hold said transparent cover in place; and second cables connected to said second rigid rings and to said base structure to hold said second rigid rings in place; wherein sunlight is concentrated by said cone frustums and said metal reflector onto said target rod, and wherein the geometry is maintained by slight air pressure on said cylindrical enclosure and said transparent cover. 25. The solar power concentrator according to claim 23 further comprising a central reflective cone with the sharp point of said central reflective cone pointing toward the sun for concentrating solar energy into an annular opening into said hohlraum cavity. 26. The solar power concentrator according to claim 23 further comprising an interior sheet material, which is reflective on both surfaces, with shape defined by an exponential generatrix with the wide end facing the sun for concentrating solar energy into an annular opening into said hohlraum cavity. 27. A sun-tracking system for pointing an array of solar power concentrators comprising: a set of east-west cables, with each cable coupled to a row of said solar power concentrators that are aligned east to west; a set of north-south cables, with each cable coupled to a column of said solar power concentrators that are aligned north to south; east and west rotateable rods to which winches are coupled for pulling said east-west cables to the east or west to cause said solar power concentrators to rotate to the east or west, respectively, to point toward the sun; north and south rotateable rods to which winches are coupled for pulling said north-south cables to the north or south to cause said solar power concentrators to rotate to the north or south, respectively, to point toward the sun; and one or more motors to drive said rotateable rods and an electronic control system to control said one or more motors; wherein said east-west cables and said north-south cables are coupled to poles which are coupled to said solar power concentrators. 28. A solar power concentrator, comprising: lightweight cones with reflective inside surfaces for accepting sunrays at conical wide ends and for concentrating the sunrays by reflection to conical narrow ends; light-absorbing members that absorb the sunrays to heat fluid within interior or exterior channels of the light-absorbing members, the light-absorbing members being attached to or disposed near the conical narrow ends; transparent windows attached to or disposed near the conical wide ends; target rods coated with a solar-energy-absorbing coating, the target rods being disposed inside the light-absorbing members; fluid passages within the target rods for removing heat from the target rods; insulating windows attached to or disposed near the light-absorbing members to decrease convective heat loss from the target rods; a base structure for supporting the light-absorbing members and the target rods; and an enclosure attached to an outer periphery of the base structure for maintaining air pressure within the solar power concentrator, the air pressure being above atmospheric pressure, the pressurized enclosure providing rigidity to the solar power concentrator, the transparent windows applying tension to the cones to maintain the shape of the cones due to the interior pressure. 29. The solar power concentrator of claim 28, further comprising diagonal wires connected to the base structure and connected to a top periphery of the enclosure, the diagonal wires also providing rigidity to the solar power concentrator. 30. The solar power concentrator of claim 28, further comprising a pivot for movably supporting the base structure, and further comprising a support for supporting the pivot. 31. A solar power concentrator, comprising: a target rod extending from a base, the target rod coated with a solar-energy-absorbing coating that is designed to limit radiative heat loss; a flexible housing extending from the base, the flexible housing engaging at least one rigid ring; a transparent window adjacent to an upper end of the flexible housing; and at least one fluid passage within the target rod for removing heat from the target rod; wherein the transparent window applies tension to the flexible housing due to interior air pressure to maintain a shape of the flexible housing, and wherein sunlight is concentrated by reflection from surfaces of the flexible housing onto the target rod to heat the target rod. 32. A solar power concentrator, comprising: a rigid rod extending from an end of a target rod to a point above an upper opening of a cone reflector; a transparent window attached to the upper end of the rigid rod and extending to a rigid ring to which the cone reflector is attached; a flexible housing attached to the rigid ring and extending to and attached to a base structure; and one or more interior diagonal wires connected to the rigid ring and to the base structure; wherein the target rod and the rigid rod provide support for the transparent window, which supports the rigid ring, which provides tension to the reflective cone to hold it in conical shape and provides tension to the flexible housing to maintain its shape and wherein the interior diagonal wires help maintain rigidity of the concentrator. 33. A solar power concentrator, comprising: a plurality of cones with reflective inside surfaces for accepting sunrays at conical wide ends and for concentrating the sunrays by reflection to conical narrow ends; a target rod located in each of the plurality of cones, the target rod coated with a solar-energy-absorbing coating that is designed to limit radiative heat loss and including at least one fluid passage for removing heat from the target rod; an enclosure supporting each of the plurality of cones, the enclosure having a base and a support rod extending from the enclosure and engaging a tracking wire; at least one support member extending from the base of the enclosure and to a mounting structure, wherein the support members pivot to move the plurality of cones; and a tracking mechanism for tracking the sunrays and moving the enclosures along the tracking wire toward the sunrays. 34. The solar power concentrator of claim 33 wherein the mounting structure is a hollow pipe that conducts a fluid to and from the target rod in the cone. 