A solar panel overlay for mounting on an underlying roof deck comprises a substrate and at least one row of photovoltaic cells on the substrate. The photovoltaic cells define a solar collecting surface having an appearance mimicking that of the underlying roof deck. A solar panel overlay assembly comprising a plurality of interconnect solar panel overlays is also provided.
Claims 1. A solar panel overlay for mounting on an underlying structure comprising: a substrate; at least one row of photovoltaic cells on said substrate, the photovoltaic cells of said at least one row being positioned on said substrate to give said solar panel overlay an appearance generally similar to that of said underlying structure. 2. A solar panel overlay according to claim 1 comprising a plurality of rows of photovoltaic cells. 3. A solar panel overlay according to claim 2 further comprising a step between each row of photovoltaic cells to provide vertical relief between said rows. 4. A solar panel overlay according to claim 3 wherein the rows of photovoltaic cells are connected in series. 5. A solar panel overlay according to claim 3 wherein each step defines a riser, an undersurface of at least some of said risers carrying a mounting formation to engage at least one mounting formation on said underlying structure. 6. A solar panel overlay according to claim 5 wherein each riser carries a mounting formation. 7. A solar panel overlay according to claim 6 wherein said mounting formation is a rail engaging clips on said underlying structure. 8. A solar panel overlay according to claim 4 further comprising connectors along at least one side thereof to engage an adjacent solar panel overlay. 9. A solar panel overlay according to claim 8 further comprising electrical connectors on one side thereof at spaced locations, said electrical connectors being coupled to the first and last photovoltaic cells in said series and being configured to receive an electrical service. 10. A solar panel overlay according to claim 9 wherein said connectors are provided along only one side of said solar panel overlay, said connectors and electrical connectors being located along the same side. 11. A solar panel overlay according to claim 4 wherein said underlying structure is a roof deck and wherein said solar panel overlay has an appearance resembling composite shingles. 12. A solar panel overlay according to claim 11 wherein said solar panel overlay resembles composite shingles arranged randomly. 13. A solar panel overlay according to claim 1 wherein said underlying structure is a roof deck and wherein said solar panel overlay has an appearance resembling a slate or faux slate roof deck. 14. A solar panel overlay according to claim 1 wherein said underlying structure is a roof deck and wherein said solar panel overlay has an appearance resembling a Spanish or faux Spanish roof deck. 15. A solar panel overlay according to claim 2 wherein the upper surface of said solar panel overlay along said rows of photovoltaic cells is embossed to provide height variations along each row of photovoltaic cells. 16. A solar panel overlay according to claim 3 wherein the upper surface of said solar panel overlay along said rows of photovoltaic cells is embossed to provide height variations along each row of photovoltaic cells. 17. A solar panel overlay for mounting on an underlying roof deck comprising: a substrate; at least one row of photovoltaic cells on said substrate, the photovoltaic cells defining a solar collecting surface having an appearance mimicking that of said underlying roof deck. 18. A solar panel overlay according to claim 17 wherein said photovoltaic cells are encapsulated within a laminate. 19. A solar panel overlay according to claim 18 further comprising a step between each row of photovoltaic cells to provide vertical relief between said rows. 20. A solar panel overlay according to claim 19 wherein said solar collecting surface has an appearance resembling composite shingles. 21. A solar panel overlay according to claim 20 wherein said solar collecting surface resembles composite shingles arranged randomly. 22. A solar panel overlay according to claim 18 wherein said solar collecting surface has an appearance resembling a slate or faux slate roof deck. 23. A solar panel overlay according to claim 18 wherein said solar collecting surface has an appearance resembling a Spanish or faux Spanish roof deck. 24. A solar panel overlay according to claim 18 wherein the upper surface of said laminate along said at least one row of photovoltaic cells is embossed to provide height variations along each row of photovoltaic cells. 25. A solar panel overlay according to claim 19 wherein each step defines a riser, an undersurface of said risers carrying a mounting formation to engage at least one mounting formation on said underlying structure. 26. A solar panel overlay according to claim 25 wherein said mounting formation is a rail engaging clips on said underlying structure. 27. A solar panel overlay according to claim 18 further comprising connectors along one side thereof to engage an adjacent solar panel overlay. 28. A solar panel overlay according to claim 27 further comprising electrical connectors on said one side at spaced locations, said electrical connectors being coupled to the first and last photovoltaic cells in said series and being configured to receive an electrical service. 29. A solar panel overlay assembly for mounting on an underlying structure comprising: a plurality of interconnected solar panel overlays, each of said solar panel overlays comprising a substrate and at least one row of photovoltaic cells on said substrate, the photovoltaic cells of said at least one row being positioned on the substrate to give said solar panel overlay assembly a visual appearance that blends in with that of said underlying structure. 30. A solar panel overlay assembly according to claim 29 further comprising mating formations on said solar panel overlays. 31. A solar panel overlay assembly according to claim 30 wherein said interconnected solar panel overlays are arranged in an array, the solar panel overlays in each row of said array being electrically connected in series. 32. A solar panel overlay assembly according to claim 31 wherein said solar panel overlay assembly has an appearance resembling composite shingles. 33. A solar panel overlay assembly according to claim 32 wherein said solar panel overlay assembly resembles composite shingles arranged randomly. 34. A solar panel overlay assembly according to claim 31 wherein said solar panel overlay assembly has an appearance resembling a slate or faux slate roof deck. 35. A solar panel overlay assembly according to claim 31 wherein said solar panel overlay assembly has an appearance resembling a Spanish or faux Spanish roof deck. 