A photovoltaic module for installation with roof tiles on a sloping roof. The photovoltaic module includes a photovoltaic panel; a frame surrounding the panel; and attachment structure for allowing the panel and the frame to be attached to a sloping roof in an interlocking and overlapping fashion with roof tiles while allowing adjustment of the location of the panel and the frame along the slope of the sloping roof.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic module for installation with roof tiles on a sloping roof, said photovoltaic module comprising: a photovoltaic panel; a frame surrounding said panel; and attachment means for attaching said photovoltaic module to a sloping roof in an interlocking and overlapping fashion with roof tiles while allowing adjustment of the location of said photovoltaic module along the slope of the sloping roof. 2. The photovoltaic module of claim 1 in which said frame includes a screw bead; and in which is included an electrical grounding lug attached to said screw bead. 3. The photovoltaic module of claim 1 in which said frame includes a screw bead; and in which is included an electrical grounding lug integral with said screw bead. 4. The photovoltaic module of claim 1 in which said frame includes a screw bead; and in which is included a plurality of electrical grounding lugs integral with said screw bead. 5. The photovoltaic module of claim 1 in which the sloping roof has battens to which the roof tiles are attached; and in which said attachment means allows said panel and said frame to be attached to the battens of the sloping roof. 6. The photovoltaic module of claim 5 in which said attachment means allows said panel and said frame to be attached to the battens of the sloping roof without penetrating other parts of the sloping roof. 7. The photovoltaic module of claim 1 in which said frame includes an upper frame member having a generally vertical face side; in which is included a top mounting clip for allowing an upper photovoltaic module to be clipped thereto; and in which is included an attachment member for attaching said top mounting clip to said generally vertical face side of said upper frame member. 8. The photovoltaic module of claim 1 in which said frame includes an upper frame member; and in which is included an upper attachment bracket for being attached to the sloping roof and to said upper frame member. 9. The photovoltaic module of claim 8 in which said upper attachment bracket has vent holes therein to reduce heat build-up beneath said photovoltaic module. 10. The photovoltaic module of claim 1 in which said frame includes a lower frame member; in which is included a bottom mounting clip for clipping to said lower frame member of said frame and for being attached to a roof tile. 11. The photovoltaic module of claim 1 in which is included an electrical cable restraint attached to said frame. 12. A photovoltaic system for use with concrete roof tiles on a sloping roof, said photovoltaic system comprising, in combination: (a) a first photovoltaic module including a photovoltaic panel, a frame surrounding said panel, and attachment means for attaching said first photovoltaic module to the sloping roof while allowing adjustment of the location of said first photovoltaic module along the slope of the sloping roof; (b) a second photovoltaic module including a photovoltaic panel, a frame surrounding said panel, and attachment means for attaching said second photovoltaic module to the sloping roof while allowing adjustment of the location of said second photovoltaic module along the slope of the sloping roof; and (c) a third photovoltaic module including a photovoltaic panel, a frame surrounding said panel, and attachment means for attaching said third photovoltaic module to the sloping roof while allowing adjustment of the location of said third photovoltaic module along the slope of the sloping roof. 13. The photovoltaic system of claim 12 in which said frame of each of said photovoltaic modules has an upper frame member, a lower frame member, a right side frame member, and a left side frame member; in which said upper frame member of said frame of each of said photovoltaic modules is adapted to underlie the lower edge of a roof tile or said lower frame member of said frame of an adjacent photovoltaic module; in which said lower frame member of said frame of each of said photovoltaic modules is adapted to overlie the upper edge of a roof tile or said upper frame member of said frame of an adjacent photovoltaic module; in which said right side frame member of said frame of each of said photovoltaic modules is adapted to form a water tight channel with the left side edge of a roof tile or said left side frame member of said frame of an adjacent photovoltaic module; and in which said left side frame member of said frame of each of said photovoltaic modules is adapted to form a water tight channel with the right side edge of a roof tile or said right side frame member of said frame of an adjacent photovoltaic module. 14. The photovoltaic system of claim 12 in which said frame of each of said photovoltaic modules has a screw bead; and in which is included an electrical grounding lug attached to said screw bead of said photovoltaic modules. 15. The photovoltaic system of claim 12 in which said frame of each of said photovoltaic modules has a screw bead; and in which is included an electrical grounding lug integral with said screw bead of said photovoltaic modules. 16. The photovoltaic system of claim 12 in which the roof has a roof deck; and in which each of said photovoltaic modules is attached to said roof without penetrating the roof deck. 