A solar panel installation includes a number of solar panels supported by two or more beams that are arranged parallel to each other on the surface of a roof. Each panel is arranged across and supported by multiple ones of the beams. The combined weight of the beams at least equals the combined weight of the panels, which permits the use of panels that are lighter and easier to handle than ones whose weight forms the bulk of the ballast. For example, the beams advantageously can have about twice as much combined weight as the combined weight of the panels. Various aspects and variations are also disclosed.
Claims 1. An apparatus comprising: (a) a plurality of beams arranged parallel to each other on the surface of a roof; and (b) a plurality of solar panels, with each panel being arranged across and supported by multiple ones of the beams; (c) wherein the combined weight of the beams at least equals the combined weight of the panels. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the beams have about twice as much combined weight as the combined weight of the panels. 3. The apparatus of claim 2 wherein the beams consist substantially of high-density polyethylene. 4. The apparatus of claim 3 wherein the beams consist primarily of reclaimed post-consumer high-density polyethylene. 5. The apparatus of claim 2 wherein the plurality of beams consists of two beams. 6. The apparatus of claim 5 wherein both beams are of like dimensions. 7. The apparatus of claim 6 further comprising: (a) a plurality of first angle brackets connected to a first one of the beams and to the panels near a first edge of each panel; and (b) a plurality of second angle brackets connected to the second one of the beams and to the panels near a second edge of each panel opposite the panel's first edge; (c) wherein, for each panel, the first and second angle brackets support the panel at substantially different heights, such that the panel is significantly tilted from horizontal with respect to the surface of the roof. 8. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein a pair of first angle brackets and a pair of second angle brackets connects to each panel. 9. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein the second height is several times greater than the first height. 10. The apparatus of claim 9 wherein both beams are fabricated primarily of reclaimed post-consumer high-density polyethylene. 11. A method for mounting solar panels on a rooftop, comprising: (a) placing on a rooftop a plurality of beam sections, parallel to each other; and (b) mounting a plurality of solar panels on the beam sections, with each panel being arranged across and supported by multiple ones of the beam sections; (c) wherein the combined weight of the beam sections at least equals the combined weight of the panels. 12. The method of claim 11 wherein the beam sections placed on the rooftop have about twice as much combined weight as the combined weight of the panels mounted thereon. 13. The method of claim 12 wherein the beam sections consist substantially of high-density polyethylene. 14. The method of claim 13 wherein the beams consist primarily of reclaimed post-consumer high-density polyethylene. 15. The method of claim 12 wherein placing the beam sections on the rooftop comprises placing two beams on the rooftop parallel to each other. 16. The method of claim 15 wherein both of the beam sections are of like dimensions. 17. The method of claim 14 further comprising, for each panel: (a) connecting one or more first angle brackets to a first one of the beam sections; (b) connecting one or more second angle brackets to the second one of the beam sections; and (c) mounting the panel on the beam sections by connecting it to the first angle brackets near one of its edges and to the second angle brackets near an opposite one of its edges; (d) wherein connecting the panel to the first and second angle brackets comprises mounting the panel such that its opposing edges connected to the angle brackets are at substantially different heights, such that the panel is significantly tilted from horizontal with respect to the surface of the roof. 18. The method of claim 17 wherein part (c) is performed after parts (a) and (b). 19. The method of claim 17 wherein parts (a) and (b) comprise connecting a pair of first angle brackets and a pair of second angle brackets to the panel. 20. A solar panel installation on a rooftop comprising: (a) a plurality of solar panels; and (b) mounting means, having at least as much combined weight as the combined weight of the solar panels, for supporting the solar panels on the rooftop under gale-force wind loading without substantial movement or reliance on penetrating mechanical attachment to the rooftop. 21. The solar panel installation of claim 20 wherein the solar panels are arranged in separate rows on the rooftop, supported by separate arrangements of the mounting means. 