A windshield wiper solution dispenser located at vehicle servicing stations or fuel stations. The stations are usually located in geographic regions which are exposed to long periods of freezing temperatures. The solution dispenser is configured to maintain the solution within the dispenser in a liquid state during outside freezing temperatures. The dispenser has an interior region which contains the solution and also has a heater to keep the solution in a liquid state. A plurality of monitors or sensors are provided as well as temperature controlling mechanisms. In one embodiment the heater has a programmable logic device or controller to monitor the interior temperature and exterior temperatures as well as the solution liquid level and adjust the heater and the amount of solution contained in the dispenser as needed. The heater can be a coiled electrical resistance heater, an electrical liner heater, or a plurality of thermoelectric units which can be placed around the outside of the dispenser. The solution can be circulated through a gas heating source, as well as other environmentally friendly heating system such as solar powered panels and the like.
Claims 1. An apparatus to maintain the temperature of solution in a liquid state during outside freezing temperatures, said solution located at a vehicle servicing station or fuel station, said solution for cleaning vehicle windows or windshields, said apparatus comprising: a. a solution containing section to retain the solution in its liquid state; b. a heating element configured to heat the solution contained within the solution containing section; c. whereby the heating element operating with the solution containing section transmits heat into the solution to keep the solution in a liquid state during outside freezing temperatures. 2. The apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said apparatus further comprises a heat controller configured to regulate the amount of heat transmitted from the heating element into the solution. 3. The apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said solution containing section further comprises: a first containing portion and a second containing portion, said heating element substantially contained within said second containing portion. 4. The apparatus according to claim 3 wherein said solution containing section further comprises: said first containing portion and said second containing portion separated by a porous membrane, whereby said solution in the solution containing section can circulate between said first containing portion and said second containing portion and be heated by said heating element contained substantially within said second containing portion. 5. The apparatus according to claim 3 wherein said solution containing section further comprises: said first containing portion and said second containing portion separated by a solid membrane, whereby said solution in the solution containing section is retained in said first containing portion and the heating element is contained within said second containing portion and radiates heat through said solid membrane to maintain the temperature of the solution. 6. The apparatus according to claim 4 wherein said porous membrane further comprises a plurality of openings large enough to provide solution flow between the first containing portion and the second containing portion but small enough to keep a majority of debris in the first containing portion from passing into the second containing portion. 7. The apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said heating element further comprises a coiled loop. 8. An apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said heating element further comprises a liner having electric heating coils for transmitting thermal heat from the electrical current resistance; said liner further comprising: a malleable and submersible outer lining enabling said liner to configure to said containing section. 9. The apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said heating element further comprises a resistance heating coil configured to be submersible within said containing section, a heating controller configured to regulate said resistance heating coil. 10. The apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said containing section further comprises a first containing portion and a second containing portion, said first containing portion separated from said second containing portion by a porous membrane, said heating element further comprising a resistance heating coil positioned within said second containing portion; a heating controller configured to regulate said resistance heating coil. 11. The apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said apparatus further comprises said heating element positioned adjacent to said solution containing section; a circulating conduit configured to connect said solution containing section to said heating element; whereby the solution contained within said solution containing section circulates through said circulating conduit into said heating element, said heating element heating said solution, said solution circulating out of said heating element through the circulating conduit and into said solution containing section. 12. The apparatus according to claim 11 wherein said heating element further comprises a solution filter to clean said solution circulated through said heating element. 13. The apparatus according to claim 12 wherein said heating element further comprises a circulating pump to circulate the solution from said solution containing section through said circulating conduit into said heating element and back through said circulating conduit into said solution containing section. 14. The apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said heating element is further comprised of one or more of the following: a. a resistant heating coil; b. a Peltier thermal electric heating system; c. a natural gas heating system; d. a fossil fuel heating system; e. a solar panel heating system. 15. A system to maintain the temperature of solution in a liquid state during outside freezing temperatures, said solution located at a vehicle servicing station or fuel station, said solution for cleaning vehicle windows and windshields, said system comprising: a. a solution containing section configured to retain the solution; b. a heating element configured to heat the solution; c. a controller configured to regulate the heating element; d. whereby the regulation of the heating element by the controller enables the heating element to heat the solution retained within the solution containing section and keep the solution in a liquid state during outside freezing temperatures. 16. The system according to claim 15 wherein said controller further comprises: an interior temperature gauge to monitor the interior temperature of the solution retained within the solution containing section; an exterior temperature gauge to monitor the outside temperature; a variable switch to adjust the amount of heat generated by the heating element. 17. The system according to claim 16 wherein said system further comprises: a solution conduit configured to refill the solution containing section with additional solution. 18. The system according to claim 15 wherein said controller further comprises a solution level gauge to monitor the amount of solution contained within said solution-containing section. 19. The system according to claim 15 wherein said controller further comprises: a. a programmable logic controller configured to send, receive, store, calculate and display digital information; b. an exterior temperature sensor configured to read the outside temperature and send an exterior temperature signal; c. an interior temperature sensor configured to read the temperature of the solution contained within said solution containing section and send an interior temperature signal; d. a solid-state relay configured to control one or more heating elements, receive a control signal from said programmable logic controller; e. a power source providing power to: said programmable logic controller, said exterior temperature sensor, said interior temperature sensor, said solid-state relay, said heating elements; f. whereby said programmable logic controller receives an interior temperature signal, an exterior temperature signal, stores said interior temperature signal and exterior temperature signal, calculates the difference in temperature between the interior temperature signal and the exterior temperature signal, sends a control signal to the solid-state relay to power on the heating element or power off the heating element. 20. The system according to claim 15 wherein said system further comprises: a. said heating element comprising a current resistant heating coil; b. said variable switch comprising a means for increasing and reducing the electrical current running through said current resistant heating coil. 21. An apparatus to maintain the temperature of solution in a liquid state during outside freezing temperatures, said solution located at a vehicle servicing station or fuel station, said solution for cleaning vehicle windows or windshields, said apparatus comprising: a. a solution containing section comprising: a first containing portion and a second containing portion, said first containing portion and second containing portions separated by a membrane, said first containing portion configured to retain said solution; b. a heating element comprising one or more of the following: i. a resistant heating coil; a Peltier thermoelectric heating system; a natural gas heating system; a fossil fuel heating system; a solar panel heating system; ii. said heating element communicating heat from said second containing portion into said first containing portion; c. a controller comprising a regulator to control the amount of heat transmitted from the heating element; a sensor to indicate the temperature of the solution contained within said first containing portion; said controller configured to read said sensor and adjust the regulator to control the amount of heat transmitted from the heating element; d. whereby the sensor indicating to said controller the interior temperature of said solution in said first containing portion, said controller adjusting the regulator to control the amount of heat transmitted from the heating element, said heating element communicating heat from the second containing portion through said membrane into the first containing portion, said heat maintaining the solution in the first containing portion in a liquid state during outside freezing temperatures. 22. The apparatus according to claim 1 wherein said apparatus further comprises a display section to convey to a solution user the availability of the solution in a liquid state within the solution containing section for use in cleaning vehicle windows and windshields during outside freezing temperatures. 