A system and method for monitoring photovoltaic power generation systems or arrays, both on a local (site) level and from a central location. The system includes panel and string combiner sentries or intelligent devices, in bidirectional communication with a master device on the site to facilitate installation and troubleshooting of faults in the array, including performance monitoring and diagnostic data collection.
Claims 1. A panel sentry for monitoring a photovoltaic panel, comprising: a source of power; a first circuit for detecting a power characteristic of the photovoltaic panel and producing a first signal representing the power characteristic of the photovoltaic panel; an electrical conductor serially connecting a power terminal of the photovoltaic panel to a power terminal of an adjacent panel; a second electrical conductor, also connected to the adjacent panel, said second conductor carrying a signal indicating a power characteristic of the adjacent panel; a second circuit for producing a second signal representing the power characteristic of the adjacent panel; and a transmitter for transmitting the first and second signals, said transmitter being powered by the source of power. 2. The panel sentry of claim 1, wherein the first circuit for detecting a power characteristic of the photovoltaic panel comprises a first voltage detector, the first voltage detector detecting a voltage produced by the photovoltaic panel and producing a first signal representing the voltage. 3. The panel sentry of claim 2, further comprising a microcontroller connected to and powered by the source of power, and in bidirectional communication with an external device, the microcontroller being connected to the first and second voltage detectors and receiving the first and second signals therefrom and controlling the transmitter to transmit the first and second signals to the external device. 4. The panel sentry of claim 3, further comprising a memory storing at least a digital representation of the first signal. 5. The panel sentry of claim 3, wherein the second circuit for producing a second signal representing the power characteristic of the adjacent panel comprises a second voltage detector, the second voltage detector detecting the voltage produced by the adjacent panel and producing a second signal representing the adjacent panel voltage. 6. The panel sentry of claim 1 further comprising at least one indicating device. 7. The panel sentry of claim 1 wherein the source of power includes the photovoltaic panel. 8. The panel sentry of claim 1 wherein the source of power includes a battery. 9. The panel sentry of claim 1 wherein the source of power includes the adjacent panel. 10. The panel sentry of claim 1 further comprising a wired connection between the microcontroller and the external device. 11. The panel sentry of claim 1 further comprising a wireless transceiver electrically connected to the microcontroller and in bi-directional communication with the external device. 12. The panel sentry of claim 3 further comprising an indicating device and a receiver for receiving a signal from the external device, and wherein the operation of the indicating device is responsive to the received signal. 13. A method for monitoring the performance of a plurality of photovoltaic panels in an array, comprising: requesting datasets from a plurality of string sentries associated with the array, wherein the request includes status information for every string sentry and every panel sentry associated with the array; and collecting, using a bidirectional communication channel, and storing datasets from a master string sentry. 14. The method of claim 13, further comprising collecting additional array related data from at least one non-photovoltaic device. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein the at least one non-photovoltaic device is selected from the group consisting of: an array electric meter, a grid electric meter, ambient temperature sensor; panel temperature sensor; and an array insolation meter. 16. The method of claim 13, further comprising analyzing the datasets to identify system faults and storing results of the analysis, wherein the results are subsequently used to determine the status information that is updated and sent with the request on a subsequent cycle. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein the faults include wire breaks, underperforming panels; and non-functioning panels. 18. The method of claim 16, further comprising repeating the previous steps periodically in accordance with a pre-defined time interval. 19. The method of claim 13, wherein the step of requesting datasets includes sending status information that will be used to set status indicators for each of devices from which data is collected. 20. The method of claim 18, further comprising collecting contemporaneous data averaged over an averaging period from each functioning panel sentry and each functioning string sentry in the array. 21. A method for addressing a plurality of monitoring devices, each monitoring device associated with a photovoltaic panel in an array of panels, comprising: initiating a request for information from a string of panels in the array; a string sentry selects a string address and initiates bi-directional communication with the string by sending a query; and the query is received and a response is generated for transmission by a panel sentry, wherein the panel sentry transmits its string and panel information to at least one adjacent panel in the string. 22. The method of claim 21, wherein the panel sentry transmission is accomplished via a transceiver in electrical connection with at least one other panel sentry. 23. The method of claim 22, wherein the panel sentry transmission is performed via at least one panel location transceiver associated with the current panel, where the transceiver receives from a previous panel the number of panels in the string and the location of the previous panel in the string, wherein the transceiver then transmits to a next panel the number of panels in the string and the physical location of the current panel within the string. 24. The method of claim 21, wherein receiving the query and generating a response includes reducing a delay count included with the query and transmitting the query to a next panel in the string. 25. A method for the configuration and installation of a photovoltaic panel array, comprising: establishing as a minimal site computer configuration, a number of panels per string; placing at least one string sentry and a site computer in an installation mode; and repeatedly polling the at least one string sentry to request data relating to the string sentry and any photovoltaic panels connected thereto. 26. The method of claim 25, further comprising receiving, at a panel sentry associated with a photovoltaic panel, address information and then transmitting address information related to that panel to at least an adjacent panel, and also responding to the string sentry via a bidirectional communication channel. 27. The method of claim 25, further comprising receiving, at a panel sentry associated with a photovoltaic panel, a request and in response to the request transmitting a modified request to at least an adjacent panel, receiving a response from the adjacent panel, and generating a modified response to the string sentry via the bidirectional communications channel. 28. The method of claim 25, further comprising the panel sentry determining the location identified by communication with a previous adjacent device on the string and further communicating the location information to a next adjacent device on the string. 29. A panel sentry for monitoring a first photovoltaic panel comprising: a source of power; a first panel voltage detector detecting a first voltage produced by the first panel and producing a first signal representing the first voltage; a bidirectional communication channel with an external device; a microcontroller, powered by the source of power, in bidirectional communication via said bidirectional communication channel with the external device, said microcontroller being electrically connected to the first panel voltage detector and receiving the first signal from the first voltage detector and transmitting the first signal to the external device; and a memory storing a digital representation of the first signal. 30. The panel sentry of claim 29 further comprising a junction box cover such that, the first panel voltage detector, the microcontroller and the memory are mounted in the junction box cover. 31. The panel sentry of claim 29 further comprising a second photovoltaic panel voltage detector, the second photovoltaic panel voltage detector detecting a second voltage produced by a second photovoltaic panel and producing a second signal representing the second voltage, the second detector electrically connected to the microcontroller, the memory storing a digital representation of the second signal. 32. The panel sentry of claim 31 further comprising a digital representation of information relative to the configuration of the second panel, stored in the memory. 33. The panel sentry of claim 31 such that, the second voltage detector comprises an analog to digital converter. 34. The panel sentry of claim 29 further comprising an indicating device. 35. The panel sentry of claim 29 wherein the source of power includes the photovoltaic panel. 36. The panel sentry of claim 29 wherein the source of power includes a battery. 37. The panel sentry of claim 29 wherein the source of power includes a second photovoltaic panel. 38. The panel sentry of claim 29 further comprising a wired connection between the microcontroller and the external device. 39. The panel sentry of claim 29 further comprising a wireless transceiver electrically connected to the microcontroller and in bi-directional communication with an external device. 40. The panel sentry of claim 29 further comprising a digital representation of information relative to the configuration of the panel sentry stored in the memory. 41. The panel sentry of claim 29 further comprising a digital representation of information relative to the configuration of the first panel, stored in the memory. 42. The panel sentry of claim 29 wherein the first voltage detector comprises an analog to digital converter. 43. The panel sentry of claim 29 further comprising a digital representation of an average voltage of the first panel during an update period, the average computed by the microcontroller, the average stored in the memory. 44. A string sentry for monitoring at least one string of photovoltaic panels comprising: a source of power; a current detector detecting the total current produced by a string of panels and producing a signal representing the current; a microcontroller in bidirectional communication with an external device and electrically connected to the current detector and electrically connected to the source of power, the microcontroller receiving the signal from the current detector and transmitting the signal to the external device; and a memory storing a digital representation of the signal representing the current. 45. The string sentry of claim 44 further comprising a wired connection between the microcontroller and the external device. 46. The string sentry of claim 44 further comprising a wireless transceiver electrically connected to the microcontroller and in bidirectional communication with an external device. 47. The string sentry of claim 44 further comprising a digital representation of information relative the configuration of the string sentry stored in the memory. 48. The string sentry of claim 44 further comprising a digital representation of information relative the configuration of a photovoltaic array stored in the memory. 49. The string sentry of claim 44 further comprising a digital representation of information relative the configuration of a string combiner stored in the memory. 50. The string sentry of claim 44 wherein the current detector comprises an analog to digital converter. 51. The string sentry of claim 44 further comprising: a string voltage detector, the string voltage detector detecting the voltage of a string of photovoltaic panels and producing a string signal representing the string voltage, the string voltage detector electrically connected to the microcontroller, the microcontroller receiving the string signal and transmitting a value representing the string signal to the external device, the memory storing a digital representation of the signal representing the string voltage. 52. The string sentry of claim 51 wherein the string voltage detector comprises an analog to digital converter. 53. The string sentry of claim 44 further comprising: a combined voltage detector, the combined voltage detector detecting the combined voltage of at least one string of photovoltaic panels and producing a combined signal representing the combined voltage, the combined voltage detector electrically connected to the microcontroller, the microcontroller receiving the combined signal and transmitting a value representing the combined signal to the external device, the memory storing a digital representation of the signal representing the combined voltage. 54. The string sentry of claim 53 wherein the combined voltage detector comprises an analog to digital converter. 55. The string sentry of claim 44 further comprising: a string combiner having the current detector, the microcontroller and the memory installed therein. 56. The string sentry of claim 55 further comprising a digital representation of information relative to the configuration of the string combiner stored in the memory. 57. The string sentry of claim 44 wherein the source of power includes a string of photovoltaic panels. 58. The string sentry of claim 44 wherein the source of power includes a battery. 59. The string sentry of claim 44 further comprising a visual signaling device. 60. A method for monitoring at least one string of photovoltaic panels comprising: collecting, using a string sentry, a value of a current from a string of photovoltaic panels; storing, in the string sentry, the value of the current of a string of photovoltaic panels; and transmitting the value of the current from the string sentry to an external computer. 61. The method of claim 60 further comprising: collecting, using the string sentry, average voltage information from a panel sentry; storing, in the string sentry, the average voltage value from the panel sentry; and transmitting the average voltage value from the string sentry to the external computer. 62. The method of claim 60 further comprising: collecting, using the string sentry, an instantaneous voltage value from a panel sentry; storing, in the string sentry, the instantaneous voltage value of the panel sentry; and transmitting the instantaneous voltage value from the string sentry to the external computer. 63. The method of claim 60 further comprising: collecting, using the string sentry, configuration information from a panel sentry; storing, in the string sentry, configuration information of the panel sentry; and transmitting the configuration information from the string sentry to the external computer. 64. The method of claim 60 further comprising: collecting, using a string sentry, string instantaneous voltage information from at least one string of photovoltaic panels; storing, in a string sentry, the string instantaneous voltage value of at least one string of photovoltaic panels; and transmitting the string instantaneous voltage value from a string sentry to the external computer. 65. A system for monitoring an array of photovoltaic panels comprising: a plurality of panel sentries, each panel sentry electrically connected to a panel; a plurality of string sentries, each string sentry electrically connected to at least one string of panels; a site data concentrator in bidirectional communication with all string sentries in the system; a site computer in bidirectional communication with the site data concentrator and with an external computer. 66. The system of claim 65 further comprising a visual signaling device. 67. A method for monitoring an array of photovoltaic panels comprising: collecting performance information from all string sentries in the array; storing the performance information in a site computer; computing, using the site computer, an operational status of the array; making the stored performance information available for access; and making the operational status available for access. 