In a first exemplary embodiment of the invention, an externally and photonically energized unit comprises a shaped resonant cavity, with selected material for converting the incident photons into other electromagnetic radiation for resonance within the cavity; and a pick-up element for receiving and applying the resonant electromagnetic radiation to one or more components external to the resonant cavity. In a wideband modulation mode, the resonant cavity contains a modulation element to which a first information signal is applied. When photons, such as from an x-ray burst, traverse the resonant cavity, a wideband RF signal is generated within the resonant cavity which is modulated by the information signal. In further embodiments, the resonant cavities provide local power based on the remotely sourced photonic wave, as well as enhanced detectors.
Claims 1. A photon energized cavity system comprising: a resonant cavity comprising a cavity wall, the cavity wall comprised of a preselected material operable for generating recoil electrons in response to photons of a predetermined wavelength, and a shape operable to resonate at a predetermined resonant frequency when said recoil electrons are generated; an EM (electromagnetic) pick-up inside the cavity, operable for capturing EM output at the predetermined resonant frequency and feeding the EM output to an external device. 2. The system of claim 1, comprising: a data source; and a modulating element inside the resonant cavity and coupled to the data source, whereby data from the data source is operably applied to the modulating element to modulate a carrier wave at the predetermined resonant frequency when the cavity resonates so the EM output is a modulated data signal. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein the data source is a modem comprising a broadband modulator, and the external device is a wideband RF feed and antenna coupled to the EM pick-up, the preselected material is capable of generating recoil electrons in response to x-rays, and the EM output is a modulated broadband signal. 4. A communications unit including a cavity system according to claim 3, further comprising: a communications link coupled to the modem comprising a receiver operable for receiving data from another device proximate to the communications unit, a narrowband RF feed and antenna coupled to the modem, wherein the modem further comprises a narrowband modulator. 5. A space-borne monitoring system comprising a main system and a separable communications unit according to claim 4. 6. The system of claim 5, wherein the main system is an intercept missile for nuclear warheads, operable for separating the communications unit prior to intercept, whereby the communications link is operable for receiving intercept data from the intercept missile and the cavity is operable, in response to x-rays from a nuclear detonation, to modulate the carrier wave with the intercept data to transmit a broadband data burst to remote units. 7. The system of claim 2, wherein the preselected material is one of the group of aluminum and titanium, and the cavity is one of the group of a sphere, an ellipsoid, and a cylindrical shaped structure. 8. A photon energized power supply apparatus comprising: a resonant cavity comprising a cavity wall, the cavity wall comprised of a preselected material operable for generating recoil electrons in response to photons of a predetermined wavelength, and a shape operable to resonate at a predetermined resonant frequency when said recoil electrons are generated; an EM (electromagnetic) pick-up inside the cavity, operable for capturing EM output at the predetermined resonant frequency; and a power store coupled to the EM pick-up, operable for receiving the EM output and converting the EM output to energy for use by other devices. 9. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the EM output is electrical and the power store comprises a battery. 10. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the power store comprises an electrical conversion unit. 11. A space vehicle including the power supply apparatus of claim 8, wherein preselected material is operable for generating recoil electrons in response to solar x-rays and the EM output is electrical, the space vehicle further comprising a communications unit powered via the electrical conversion unit. 12. A remotely-powered communications apparatus comprising: (a) a first resonant cavity comprising a first cavity wall, the first cavity wall comprised of a first preselected material operable for generating recoil electrons in response to photons of a first predetermined wavelength, and a shape operable to resonate at a first predetermined resonant frequency when said recoil electrons are generated; a data source; a modulating element inside the first resonant cavity and coupled to the data source, whereby data from the data source is operably applied to the modulating element to modulate a carrier wave of the first predetermined resonant frequency when the cavity resonates; and an RF pick-up inside the first cavity, operable for capturing RF output at the first predetermined resonant frequency and feeding the RF output to an external device; and (b) a second resonant cavity comprising a second cavity wall, the second cavity wall comprised of a second preselected material operable for generating recoil electrons in response to photons of a second predetermined wavelength, and a shape operable to resonate at a second predetermined resonant frequency when said recoil electrons are generated; an EM (electromagnetic) pick-up inside the second cavity, operable for capturing EM output at the second predetermined resonant frequency; and a power supply coupled to the EM pick-up. 13. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein the power supply is a level detector operable for receiving and storing the EM output based on an amount of photons of the second predetermined wavelength received at the apparatus, and the data store is coupled to the level detector operable for storing an indicative value of said amount of photons and applying said value to the modulating element, and the external device is a radiating element, whereby the RF output is modulated with the indicative value. 14. An RF tag including the apparatus of claim 12, wherein the power supply is coupled to the data store, the data store being operably configured to store identifying information and, when powered by the power supply, apply the identifying information to the modulating element, and the external device is a radiating element, whereby the RF output is modulated with the identifying information. 15. A detection system, comprising an array of resonant detectors, each of a set of first detectors each comprising: a first resonant cavity comprising a first cavity wall, the first cavity wall comprised of a first preselected material operable for generating recoil electrons in response to photons of a first predetermined wavelength, and a shape operable to resonate at a first predetermined resonant frequency when said recoil electrons are generated; and an RF pick-up inside the first cavity, operable for capturing RF output at the first predetermined resonant frequency and feeding the RF output to a data store. 16. The system of claim 15, each of the plural set of first detectors further comprising a further resonant cavity inside the first resonant cavity and surrounding the RF pick-up, the further resonant cavity comprising a further cavity wall, the further cavity wall comprised of a further preselected material and shape operable for directionally filtering RF signals resonating within the first resonant cavity. 17. The system of claim 15, further comprising a set of second detectors each comprising a second resonant cavity comprising a second cavity wall, the second cavity wall comprised of a second preselected material operable for generating recoil electrons in response to photons of a second predetermined wavelength, and a shape operable to resonate at a second predetermined resonant frequency when said recoil electrons are generated; and a further RF pick-up inside the second cavity, operable for capturing further RF output at the second predetermined resonant frequency and feeding the further RF output to a data store. 18. The system of claim 15, further comprising a processor operable for processing the RF outputs from the set of first detectors, including phase and timing information, to determine the location of a remote object. 19. A method for capturing photon energy using a resonant cavity, comprising: a) generating recoil electrons in a resonant cavity based on photons of a predetermined wavelength, the cavity comprising a cavity wall of a preselected material operable for forming recoil electrons; b) resonating an EM signal generated by the recoil electrons within the resonant cavity; and c) capturing an EM output at the predetermined resonant frequency by a EM pick-up inside the cavity, and feeding the EM output to an external device. 20. The method of claim 19, comprising: d) coupling data from a data source to a modulating element inside the resonant cavity; and e) modulating the EM signal, so the EM output is a modulated data signal. 21. The method of claim 20, wherein the photons are x-rays, and the step of generating comprises generating recoil electrons in response to the x-rays, and the step of modulating comprises forming the EM output into a modulated broadband signal. 22. The method of claim 21 used in a communications unit, further comprising: f) communicating with another device proximate the communications unit via a communications link operably coupled to the data source; and g) transmitting data via a narrowband RF feed coupled to the data source until a predetermined level of photons of the predetermined wavelength are received at the communications unit. 23. The method of claim 22, wherein the communications unit is part of a space-borne monitoring system comprising a further main system, and step f) comprises transceiving data from the main system to the communications unit. 24. The method of claim 23, wherein the main system is an intercept missile for nuclear warheads, further comprising: h) separating the communications unit prior to intercept and performing step f) after separation, and i) in response to x-rays from a nuclear detonation, modulating the carrier wave with the intercept data to transmit a broadband data burst to remote units. 25. A communications method comprising: a) generating first recoil electrons in a first resonant cavity from photons of a first predetermined wavelength, the first cavity comprising a cavity wall of a first preselected material and shape; b) resonating an EM signal at a first predetermined resonant frequency, the EM signal being generated by the recoil electrons within the resonant cavity; and c) capturing an EM output at the first predetermined resonant frequency by a EM pick-up inside the cavity, and feeding the EM output to a power supply; d) generating second recoil electrons in a second resonant cavity from photons of a second predetermined wavelength, the second cavity comprising a cavity wall of a second preselected material and shape; e) resonating an RF signal at a second predetermined resonant frequency, the RF signal being generated by the recoil electrons within the resonant cavity; f) modulating the RF signal with data from a data source via a modulating element in the second resonant cavity; and g) capturing a modulated RF output at the second predetermined resonant frequency by an RF pick-up inside the cavity, and feeding the RF output to an external apparatus. 26. The method of claim 25, further comprising: h) receiving and storing the EM output at the power supply based on an amount of photons of the first predetermined wavelength received at the apparatus, the power supply also operating as a detector; and i) operably coupling the data store and detector, and storing an indicative value of said amount of photons and applying said value to the modulating element, whereby the RF output is modulated with the indicative value. 27. A method of identifying an RF tag using the method of claim 25, further comprising: h) storing RF tag identifying information in the data store; i) operably coupling the data store and power supply, powering the data store, and applying the identifying information to the modulating element, whereby the RF output is modulated with the identifying information. 28. A method for locating an object using an array of photon energized resonant detectors, comprising: a) in each of a set of first detectors, each comprising a first resonant cavity comprising a first cavity wall, the first cavity wall comprised of a first preselected material, 1) generating recoil electrons in response to photons of a first predetermined wavelength, and the recoil electrons generating an RF signal resonating at a first predetermined resonant frequency; and 2) capturing RF output via an RF pick-up inside the first cavity, and feeding the RF output to a data store. 29. The method of claim 28, further comprising the step of directionally filtering, via a further resonant cavity, RF signals resonating within the first resonant cavity. 30. The method of claim 28, further comprising: b) in each of a set of second detectors, each comprising a second resonant cavity comprising a second cavity wall, the second cavity wall comprised of a second preselected material, 1) generating further recoil electrons in response to photons of a second predetermined wavelength, and the further recoil electrons generating a further RF signal resonating at a second predetermined resonant frequency; and 2) capturing further RF output via a further RF pick-up inside the second cavity, and feeding the further RF output to the data store. 