A solar panel mounting arrangement, and electronic device, and a wireless device, includes a solar panel (204); and a wavelength selectively reflective optical film (202) being disposed in front of the solar panel for the optical film to substantially reflect a pre-selected band (304) of solar irradiation frequencies (302) in the visible light range and incident on a front surface of the optical film (202) while allowing solar irradiation frequencies (302) outside of the pre-selected band (304) to substantially pass through the optical film (202) and irradiate the solar panel (204). The optical film (202) can include at least one of an iconic pattern, a company logo, and a photo, that is visible from the front of the optical film (202). The optical film (202) can include holographic film. The optical film can include a multi-layer film.
Claims 1. A solar panel mounting arrangement comprising: a solar panel; and a wavelength selectively reflective optical film being disposed in front of the solar panel for the optical film to substantially reflect a pre-selected band of solar irradiation frequencies in the visible light range on a front surface of the optical film while allowing solar irradiation frequencies outside of the pre-selected band to substantially pass through the optical film and irradiate the solar panel. 2. The solar panel mounting arrangement of claim 1, wherein the optical film is attached to a front surface of the solar panel by an optically clear adhesive thereby allowing solar irradiation frequencies outside of the pre-selected band to substantially pass through the optical film and the adhesive and to irradiate the solar panel. 3. The solar panel mounting arrangement of claim 1, further comprising a housing for an electronic device, the housing having an inner surface and an outer surface and at least a portion of the housing being substantially optically transparent to solar irradiation, and wherein the optical film is attached to one of the outer surface and the inner surface of the housing about the at least a portion of the housing being substantially optically transparent to solar irradiation thereby allowing solar irradiation frequencies outside of the selected band to substantially pass through the optical film and the at least a portion of the housing being substantially optically transparent to solar irradiation, and to irradiate the solar panel. 4. The solar panel mounting arrangement of claim 3, wherein the optical film is attached by an optically clear adhesive to the one of the outer surface and the inner surface of the housing about the at least a portion of the housing being substantially optically transparent to solar irradiation thereby allowing solar irradiation frequencies outside of the pre-selected band to substantially pass through the optical film, the adhesive, and the at least a portion of the housing being substantially optically transparent to solar irradiation, and to irradiate the solar panel. 5. The solar panel mounting arrangement of claim 1, wherein the optical film comprises at least one of an iconic pattern, a company logo, and a photo. 6. The solar panel mounting arrangement of claim 1, wherein the optical film covers less than the entire front surface of the solar panel from the solar irradiation. 7. The solar panel mounting arrangement of claim 1, wherein the optical film comprises holographic film. 8. The solar panel mounting arrangement of claim 1, wherein the optical film comprises a multi-layer film. 9. An electronic device comprising: a power source; electronic circuits, electrically coupled with the power source; a solar panel, electrically coupled with the power source; and a wavelength selectively reflective optical film being disposed in front of the solar panel for the optical film to substantially reflect a pre-selected band of solar irradiation frequencies in the visible light range on a front surface of the optical film while allowing solar irradiation frequencies outside of the pre-selected band to substantially pass through the optical film and irradiate the solar panel. 10. The electronic device of claim 9, further comprising: a housing for containing the electronic circuits, and wherein the solar panel being mechanically coupled with the housing and located to allow solar irradiation outside of the housing to substantially irradiate the solar panel. 11. The electronic device of claim 10, wherein the solar panel being mounted inside the housing, at least a portion of the housing being substantially optically transparent to solar irradiation thereby allowing solar irradiation frequencies outside of the pre-selected band to substantially pass through the optical film and the at least a portion of the housing being substantially optically transparent to solar irradiation, and to irradiate the solar panel. 12. The electronic device of claim 9, wherein the optical film is attached by an optically clear adhesive to a surface of the housing about at least a portion of the housing being substantially optically transparent to solar irradiation thereby allowing solar irradiation frequencies outside of the pre-selected band to substantially pass through the optical film, the adhesive, and the at least a portion of the housing being substantially optically transparent to solar irradiation, and to irradiate the solar panel. 13. The electronic device of claim 9, wherein the optical film comprises at least one of an iconic pattern, a company logo, and a photo. 14. The electronic device of claim 9, wherein the optical film covers less than the entire front surface of the solar panel from the solar irradiation. 15. The electronic device of claim 9, wherein the optical film comprises holographic film. 16. The electronic device of claim 9, wherein the optical film comprises a multi-layer film. 17. A wireless device comprising: a power source; electronic circuits, electrically coupled with the power source, the electronic circuits including a receiver for receiving wirelessly transmitted signals; at least one solar panel, electrically coupled with the power source; and at least one wavelength selectively reflective optical film being disposed in front of the at least one solar panel for the at least one optical film to substantially reflect a pre-selected band of solar irradiation frequencies in the visible light range on a front surface of the at least one optical film while allowing solar irradiation frequencies outside of the pre-selected band to substantially pass through the at least one optical film and irradiate the at least one solar panel. 18. The wireless device of claim 17, further comprising a housing, and wherein the at least one solar panel is a plurality of solar panels and wherein the at least one wavelength selectively reflective optical film is a plurality of wavelength selectively reflective optical films, the plurality of solar panels being electrically coupled with the power source and further being disposed on various surfaces of the housing to enhance collection of power from solar irradiance on the various surfaces. 19. The wireless device of claim 17, wherein the at least one optical film comprises holographic film, and wherein the at least one optical film further comprises at least one of an iconic pattern, a company logo, and a photo, visible from a front surface of the at least one optical film. 20. The wireless device of claim 15, wherein the at least one optical film comprises a multi-layer film. 