A system including an irrigation system and a solar power assembly coupled to the irrigation system. Solar energy is received. The solar energy is utilized to charge at least one battery. The battery then provides power from the at least one battery to an irrigation controller.
Claims 1. A system, comprising: an irrigation system; and a solar power assembly coupled to the irrigation system. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the irrigation system is a lawn or landscaping irrigation system. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein the lawn or landscaping irrigation system is an underground sprinkler system. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the irrigation system comprises: at least one valve; and an irrigation controller coupled to the at least one valve. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the solar power assembly comprises: at least one solar panel; and at least one battery coupled to the at least one solar panel. 6. The system of claim 5, wherein the solar power assembly further comprises: a photovoltaic system controller coupled between the at least one solar panel and the at least one battery. 7. The system of claim 6, wherein the solar power assembly further comprises: a power inverter coupled to the photovoltaic system controller. 8. The system of claim 7, wherein the irrigation system comprises: an irrigation controller; and at least one valve coupled to the irrigation controller; wherein the power inverter supplies power to the irrigation controller. 9. A method for powering an irrigation system, comprising: receiving solar energy; utilizing the solar energy to charge at least one battery; and providing power from the at least one battery to an irrigation controller. 10. The method of claim 9, wherein the step of receiving solar energy comprises receiving solar energy through employment of at least one photovoltaic solar panel. 11. The method of claim 9, wherein the step of utilizing the solar energy comprises: applying a charge to the at least one battery when the battery is not fully charged, and removing the charge from the at least one battery when the battery is fully charged. 12. The method of claim 9, wherein step of utilizing the solar energy comprises utilizing the solar energy to charge a 12 V battery 13. The method of claim 12, wherein the step of providing the power from the battery to the irrigation controller comprises inverting the power from the 12 V battery to 120 VAC. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein the step of providing further comprises converting the 120 VAC to 24 VAC. 15. The method of claim 9, wherein the irrigation controller utilizes the power to actuate a valve. 16. A solar power assembly, comprising: means for receiving solar energy; means for charging at least one battery with the solar energy; and means for providing power from the at least one battery to irrigation controlling means. 17. The solar power assembly of claim 16, wherein the means for receiving solar energy comprises at least one photovoltaic solar panel. 18. The solar power assembly of claim 16, wherein the means for charging the solar panel comprises: means for applying a charge to the at least one battery when the battery is not fully charged and removing the charge from the at least one battery when the battery is fully charged. 19. The solar power assembly of claim 16, further comprising a 12 V battery coupled to the charging means. 20. The solar power assembly of claim 19, wherein the providing means comprises means for inverting power from the 12 V battery to 120 VAC. 21. The solar power assembly of claim 16, further comprising means for controlling an irrigation system. 22. The apparatus of claim 20, wherein the irrigation system controlling means comprises means for converting the 120 VAC to 24 VAC. 23. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein the irrigation system controlling means comprises means for actuating a valve through utilization of the 24 VAC power. 