There is provided a clamp for securely attaching a component of a solar collector to a surface, including an upper clamp member and a lower clamp member. The lower member is fixedly mountable to the surfaces and the upper and lower clamp member are connectable to one another by locking members, defining between themselves an aperture for the accommodation of the component. The aperture has a length dimension and a height dimension, wherein the length dimension substantially exceeds the height dimension.
Claims 1. A clamp for securely attaching a component of a solar collector to a surface, comprising an upper clamp member and a lower clamp member, said lower member being fixedly mountable to said surfaces; said upper and lower clamp member being connectable to one another by locking means, defining between themselves an aperture for the accommodation of said component, which aperture has a length dimension and a height dimension, characterized in that said length dimension substantially exceeds said height dimension. 2. The clamp as claimed in claim 1, wherein said locking means is a rapid-action snap-in lock comprised of a locking nose that is in an integral part of an elastically deformable release lever being a part of said lower clamp member, and a locking lip being a part of said upper clamp member. 3. The clamp as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a guard railing being part of said upper clamp member and preventing an excessive elastic deformation of said release lever. 4. The clamp as claimed in claim 1, further comprising at least one guide column being part of said lower clamp member and fitting at least one appropriately shaped mating part in said upper clamp member to facilitate the connection of said upper and lower clamp members. 5. The clamp as claimed in claim 4, wherein said at least one guide column in said lower clamp member is provided with a hole into which is screwed a screw, the head of which is supported in said upper clamp member. 6. The clamp as claimed in claim 1, wherein said lower clamp member comprises at least two holes for bolts to fixedly mount said lower clamp member on said surface. 7. The clamp as claimed in claim 1, wherein said lower clamp member comprises two spaced-apart wall members extending across said lower member into which space fits an appropriately shaped and dimensioned counter-parts of said upper clamp member. 8. The clamp as claimed in claim 1, wherein said lower clamp member comprises a number of holes for drainage of rain water. 9. The clamp as claimed in claim 1, further comprising elastically deformable pads carrying projections attachable to the underside of said lower clamp member, which pads have the shape of projections with slanting undersides, to facilitate the mounting of said clamp also on corrugated surfaces. 