The present invention provides a photovoltaic module (20) comprising a photovoltaic material and a heat sink in thermal communication with the photovoltaic material proximate a mounting surface of the heat sink. The heat sink comprises a plurality of fins (12) that are movable between a first position parallel to the mounting surface and a second position non-parallel to the mounting surface. Orientation of the fins in the first position may be particularly desirable during fabrication of the module when the heat sink is attached to the photovoltaic material. As such, the present invention provides a method for fabricating a photovoltaic module comprising providing a photovoltaic material and providing the heat sink having movable fins. The fins are oriented in the first position and the heat sink is then attached to the photovoltaic material. After the heat sink is attached, the fins may be unfolded into the second position.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic module comprising: a photovoltaic material; and a heat sink in thermal communication with the photovoltaic material proximate a mounting surface of the heat sink, the heat sink comprising a plurality of fins that are movable between a first position substantially parallel to the mounting surface of the heat sink and a second position substantially non-parallel to the mounting surface of the heat sink. 2. The photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein the second position is perpendicular to the mounting surface of the heat sink. 3. The photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic material comprises a photovoltaic cell. 4. The photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein the heat sink comprises a sheet of thermally conductive polymer. 5. The photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein the heat sink comprises a metal foil. 6. The photovoltaic module according to claim 5, wherein the fins comprise folded portions of the metal foil. 7. The photovoltaic module according to claim 5, wherein the metal foil comprises anodized aluminum. 8. The photovoltaic module according to claim 1, comprising an electrically insulating material disposed between the heat sink and the photovoltaic material. 9. The photovoltaic module according to claim 1, comprising a lid disposed over the photovoltaic material. 10. The photovoltaic module according to claim 9, comprising an encapsulating material disposed between the lid and the photovoltaic material. 11. The photovoltaic module according to claim 1, comprising an encapsulating material disposed between the photovoltaic material and the heat sink. 12. The photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein the fins comprise at least one hole therein. 13. The photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein the fins comprise a ridge. 14. The photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein the fins comprise a high-emissivity coating to facilitate radiative heat transfer. 15. The photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein the heat sink comprises an optically reflective material. 16. The photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein the heat sink comprises an optically reflective coating. 17. The photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein at least two of the fins have a different height. 18. The photovoltaic module according to claim 1, comprising at least one electrically insulating spacer disposed between the heat sink and the photovoltaic material. 19. A method for fabricating a photovoltaic module comprising the steps of: providing a photovoltaic material; providing a heat sink comprising a mounting surface and comprising a plurality of fins that are movable between a first position substantially parallel to the mounting surface and a second position substantially non-parallel to the mounting surface; orienting the fins substantially parallel to the mounting surface; and attaching the heat sink to the photovoltaic material. 20. The method according to claim 19, comprising orienting the fins in the second position after the heat sink is attached to the photovoltaic material. 21. The method according to claim 19, wherein the step of attaching the heat sink comprises laminating. 22. The method according to claim 21, wherein the step of laminating the heat sink comprises providing an electrically insulating material between the mounting surface of the heat sink and the photovoltaic material. 23. The method according to claim 22, wherein the step of laminating comprises laminating the heat sink, electrically insulating material, and photovoltaic material together. 24. The method according to claim 19, wherein the step of laminating comprises providing an encapsulating material between the mounting surface of the heat sink and the photovoltaic material. 25. The method according to claim 24, wherein the step of laminating comprises laminating the heat sink, encapsulating material, and photovoltaic material together. 26. The method according to claim 1, comprising attaching a lid over the photovoltaic material. 27. The method according to claim 26, comprising providing an encapsulating material between the lid and the photovoltaic material. 28. The method according to claim 19, wherein the step of providing a photovoltaic material comprises providing a photovoltaic cell. 29. The method according to claim 19, comprising providing at least one electrically insulating spacer between the heat sink and the photovoltaic material. 30. The method according to claim 19, wherein the heat sink comprises a sheet of thermally conductive polymer. 31. The method according to claim 19, wherein the heat sink comprises a metal foil. 32. The method according to claim 31, wherein the fins comprise folded portions of the metal foil. 33. The method according to claim 31, wherein the metal foil comprises anodized aluminum. 34. The method according to claim 19, comprising providing at least one hole in the fins. 35. The method according to claim 19, comprising providing a ridge on the fins. 36. The method according to claim 19, comprising providing a high-emissivity coating on the fins to facilitate radiative heat transfer. 37. The method according to claim 19, wherein the heat sink comprises an optically reflective material. 38. The method according to claim 37, comprising providing an optically reflective coating on the heat sink. 39. The method according to claim 19, wherein at least two of the fins have a different height. 