A mounting system is provided for solar modules with a compressable retention structure for solar modules. The retention structure may interleave a upper and lower rail that provides a shelf or other support structure in order to hold a solar module or panel in an operative position. The upper and lower rails may be compressed towards one another in order to cause the support structure to retain the solar modules or panels.
Claims 1. An assembly for mounting solar modules to a surface, the structure comprising: a upper rail on which a upper support structure is provided; a lower rail on which a lower support structure is provided; wherein at least one of the upper support structure and the lower support structure are structured to support one or more solar modules; wherein the upper rail and the lower rail are structured relative to one another so that (i) at least one of the upper rail and the lower rail is moveable relative to the other of the upper rail and the lower rail, and (ii) the upper rail and the lower rail can move between an extended relative position and a contracted relative position; and wherein the upper rail and the lower rail are moveable towards the contracted relative position in order to retain the one or more solar modules using the at least one of the upper support structure and the lower support structure. 2. The assembly of claim 1, wherein a spacing between the extended relative position and the contracted relative position is sufficient to enable anyone of a set of one or more solar modules to be retained therein, wherein each set has a thickness that is different than a thickness of another set. 3. The assembly of claim 2, wherein a range of adjustability for the assembly is greater than 0.25 inches. 4. The assembly of claim 3, wherein a range of adjustability for the assembly is anywhere between 0.25 inches and 2.0 inches. 5. The assembly of claim 1, wherein the upper rail includes a upper flange that extends downward towards the lower rail, and the lower rail includes a lower flange that extends upwards towards the upper rail, and wherein the upper flange and the lower flange are slideably engaged in order to enable the upper rail and the lower rail to extend between the extended relative position and the contracted relative position. 6. The assembly of claim 5, wherein the upper flange and the lower flange are interleaved with one another. 7. The assembly of claim 6, wherein a lateral movement of either the upper flange or the lower flange is confined at least in part by the other of the upper flange or the lower flange when the upper rail and the lower rail are moved towards the contracted relative position. 8. The assembly of claim 1, wherein the upper rail and the lower rail are securable in an engaged position in order to retain the one or more modules fixed relative to the mounting surface. 9. The assembly of claim 8, wherein the upper rail and the lower rail are securable in the engaged position using one or more mechanical fasteners. 10. The assembly of claim 8, wherein the upper rail and the lower rail are securable in the engaged position by application of a compression force on at least one of the upper rail and the lower rail. 11. The assembly of claim 10, wherein the compression force is created through use of one or more mechanical fasteners that extends through the upper rail and the lower rail. 12. The assembly of claim 11, wherein: the upper rail includes a upper flange that extends downward towards the lower rail, and the lower rail includes a lower flange that extends upwards towards the upper rail, and wherein the upper flange and the lower flange are slideably engaged in order to enable the upper rail and the lower rail to extend between the extended relative position and the contracted relative position; and wherein the upper rail and the lower rail are securable in the engaged position by use of a second mechanical fastener that extends laterally through the upper flange and the lower flange. 13. The assembly of claim 12, wherein the upper rail and the lower rail may be provided as part of an assembly containing a free-edge. 14. The assembly of claim 13, wherein the upper rail and the lower rail are securable by an interlocking feature provided within the rails that enables the upper rail and the lower rail to be fixed with respect to each other. 15. The assembly of claim 11, where in the one or more mechanical fasteners include a captive nut provided on the lower rail such that the upper rail and the lower rail may be compressed into the engaged position without requiring an installer to have access to the lower rail. 16. The assembly of claim 1, further comprising a runner that couples to the lower rail in order to couple the lower rail to the surface and provide a fixed spacing for another lower rail. 17. The assembly of claim 16, wherein the runner includes a slot that extends in a lengthwise direction, wherein the slot is dimensioned to receive a mechanical fastener extending from the lower rail. 18. The assembly of claim 1, wherein the upper rail has a corresponding inertial mass about a lateral direction that is within 40% of a corresponding inertial mass of the lower rail. 19. The assembly of claim 16, wherein the runner is elevated and tilted in a plane above the surface by a pivotal base coupling mechanism. 20. The assembly of claim 19, wherein the pivotal base coupling mechanism includes one or more pivotally hinged front feet. 21. The assembly of claim 19, further comprising one or more supporting rear legs to support the runner in the plane. 22. An assembly for mounting solar modules to a surface, the structure comprising: a upper rail on which a upper support structure is provided; a lower rail on which a lower support structure is provided; wherein at least one of the upper support structure and the lower support structure are structured to support one or more solar modules; an interleaving means for coupling the upper rail and the lower rail to one another so that (i) at least one of the upper rail and the lower rail is moveable relative to the other of the upper rail and the lower rail, and (ii) the upper rail and the lower rail can move between an extended relative position and a contracted relative position; and wherein the interleaving means enables the upper rail and the lower rail to be moveable towards the contracted relative position in order to retain the one or more solar modules using the at least one of the upper support structure and the lower support structure. 