An electric personal water craft. The electric personal water craft produces its own electricity from an on-board fuel cell system. Hydrogen fuel is stored or produced within the hull of the personal water craft. The heat produced by the fuel cell stack can dissipated to the water environment for heat management of the fuel cell power system. Output from the fuel cell system may also be stored in a rechargeable NiMH battery and used alone or in conjunction with the fuel cell to provide electricity for the electric propulsion. A photovoltaic array can be used to supplement the electricity for use and to recharge the battery
Claims 1. An electrical power system for the propulsion of an electric water craft comprising: a water craft with a hull; a PEMFC; a source of hydrogen, whereby hydrogen is available for use by the PEMFC; a source of oxygen, whereby oxygen is available for use by the PEMFC; a rechargeable battery to be recharged from at least a portion of the output of the PEMFC; and at least one propulsion module to receive electrical power provided by at least one of the PEMFC and the rechargeable battery. 2. The electrical power system of claim 1 wherein the hydrogen source further comprises at least one pressurized hydrogen storage tank. 3. The electrical power system of claim 1 wherein the hydrogen source further comprises a chemical process. 4. The electrical power system of claim 1 further comprising a DC/DC converter through which electrical power from at least one of the PEMFC and the battery is converted to a selected direct current. 5. The electrical power system of claim 1 further comprising an inverter through which electrical power from at least one of the PEMFC and the battery is converted to a selected converted to a selected alternating current 6. The electrical power system of claim 1 further comprising; an inverter through which electrical power from at least one of the PEMFC and the battery is converted to a selected converted to a selected alternating current; and, a DC/DC converter through which electrical power from at least one of the power from at least one of the PEMFC and the battery is converted to a selected direct current. 7. The electrical power system of claim 1 further comprising a controller whereby the recharging of the battery from the electricity produced by the PEMFC is controlled. 8. The electrical power system of claim 1 further comprising a through the hull to the water environment heat exchange means. 9. The electrical power system of claim 8 wherein the through the hull heat exchange means is a fuel cell heat exchanger thermally connected to a heat exchange region in the hull. 10. The electrical power system of claim 1 further comprising at least one controller whereby the flow of electricity to the propulsion module can be varied. 11. The electrical power system of claim 1 further comprising an inverter through which electrical power from at least one of the rechargeable battery and the PEMFC is converted to a selected AC. 12. An electrical power system for the propulsion of an electric water craft comprising: a water craft with a hull; a PEMFC; a source of hydrogen, whereby hydrogen is available for use by the PEMFC; a source of oxygen, whereby oxygen is available for use by the PEMFC; a rechargeable battery to be recharged from at least a portion of the output of the PEMFC; a photovoltaic array; and at least one propulsion module to receive electrical power provided by at least one of the PEMFC, photovoltaic array and the rechargeable battery. 13. The electrical power system of claim 12 further comprising a DC/DC converter through which electrical power from at least one of the PEMFC, photovoltaic array and the battery is converted to a selected direct current. 14. The electrical power system of claim 1 further comprising an inverter through which at the electrical power from at least one of the PEMFC, photovoltaic array and the battery is converted to a selected alternating current. 15. The electrical power system of claim 12 further comprising; an inverter through which electrical power from at least one of the PEMFC photovoltaic array and the battery is converted to a selected converted to a selected alternating current; and, a DC/DC converter through which electrical power from at least one of the power from at least one of the PEMFC, photovoltaic array and the battery is converted to a selected direct current. 16. The electrical power system of claim 12 further comprising a controller whereby the recharging of the battery from the electricity produced by at least one of the PEMFC and photovoltaic array is controlled. 17. The electrical power system of claim 12 further comprising a through the hull to the water environment heat exchange means. 18. The electrical power system of claim 17 wherein the through the hull heat exchange means is a fuel cell heat exchanger thermally connected to a heat exchange region in the hull. 19. The electrical power system of claim 2 further comprising at least one controller whereby the flow of electricity to the propulsion module can be varied. 20. An electrical water craft comprising: a water craft with a hull; a PEMFC; a source of hydrogen, whereby hydrogen is available for use by the PEMFC; a source of oxygen, whereby oxygen is available for use by the PEMFC; a rechargeable battery to be recharged from at least a portion of the output of the PEMFC; a photovoltaic array; at least one controller whereby the flow of electricity to the propulsion module can be varied; at least one of an inverter and a DC/DC converter; and at least one propulsion module to receive electrical power provided by at least one of the PEMFC, photovoltaic array and the rechargeable battery. 