A visual indicator includes a solar panel, a rechargeable battery operatively connected to the solar panel for charging the rechargeable battery with power from the solar panel, a light emitting diode (LED) operatively connected to the rechargeable battery to emit light, and a controller operatively connected to the rechargeable battery and the LED to control operating characteristics of the LED. A method of operating a visual sensor includes recharging a battery from a solar panel, emitting light with a light emitting diode (LED) from power provided by the battery, sensing ambient light conditions proximate to the visual sensor, varying an intensity of light emitted from the LED based on the sensed ambient light conditions.
Claims 1. A visual indicator comprising: a solar panel; a rechargeable battery operatively connected to the solar panel for charging the rechargeable battery with power from the solar panel; one or more light emitting diode (LEDs) operatively connected to the rechargeable battery to emit light; and a controller operatively connected to the rechargeable battery and the LED to control operating characteristics of the LED. 2. The visual indicator of claim 1, wherein the controller is configured to operate the LED to vary in at least one of the following operating characteristics: brightness, intensity, to flash, turn on, and turn off or LED color. 3. The visual indicator of claim 2, further comprising a photo sensor operatively connected to the controller to send a signal to the controller associated to an amount of ambient light sensed by the sensor. 4. The visual indicator of claim 3, wherein the controller alters at least one operating characteristic of the LED in response to the signal received by the sensor. 5. The visual indicator of claim 2, further comprising an actuator operatively connected to the controller to send a signal to the controller to vary at least one of the operating characteristics. 6. The visual indicator of claim 5, wherein the actuator includes a telephone. 7. The visual indicator of claim 3, further comprising a gain control circuit located between the sensor and the controller. 8. The visual indicator of claim 3, further comprising an analog to digital converter located between the sensor and the controller for converting the signal from the sensor from an analog signal to a digital signal. 9. The visual indicator of claim 1, further including a translucent housing encompassing at least in part the LED. 10. The visual indicator of claim 9, wherein the housing includes a multiple fresnel lens. 11. The visual indicator of claim 1, wherein the rechargeable battery is a nickel caladium (NI-CAD) battery. 12. The visual indicator of claim 1, wherein the LED is mounted to a circuit board. 13. The visual indicator of claim 1, further comprising a field effect transmitter operatively connected to the LED for controlling current applied to the LED. 14. The visual indicator of claim 13, further comprising a low voltage boost regulator operatively connected to the field effect transmitter for providing current to the field effect transmitter. 15. The visual indicator of claim 1, further comprising an actuator, and a connection to a monitoring system, wherein both the actuator and connection are operatively connected to the controller and configured to permit the controller to send a signal to a monitoring system when the actuator has been actuated. 16. A visual indicator comprising: means for obtaining energy from sunlight; means for storing energy operatively connected to the means for obtaining energy for charging the means for storing energy; means for emitting light to the means for storing energy; means for controlling the visual indicator operatively connected to the means for storing energy and the light emitting means to control operating characteristics of the means for storing light. 17. The visual indicator of claim 16, the means for controlling is configured to operate the means for emitting light to vary in at least one of the following operating characteristics: brightness, intensity, to flash, turn on, and turn off. 18. The visual indicator of claim 17, further comprising a means for sensing light operatively connected to the means for controlling to send a signal to the means for controlling associated to an amount of ambient light sensed by the means for sensing light. 19. A method of operating a visual sensor comprising: recharging a battery from a solar panel; emitting light with a light emitting diode (LED) from power provided by the battery; sensing ambient light conditions proximate to the visual sensor; varying an intensity of light emitted from the LED based on the sensed ambient light conditions. 20. The method of operating the visual sensor of claim 19 further comprising: actuating an actuator associated with the visual sensor to at least one of: cause the LED emit light in a flashing manner and send a signal to a visual sensor monitoring system. 21. A visual indicator comprising: a light emitting diode (LED) operatively connected to a power source to emit light; a controller operatively connected to the power source and the LED to control operating characteristics of the LED, wherein the controller is configured to operate the LED to vary in at least one of the following operating characteristics: brightness, intensity, to flash, turn on, and turn off; and a photo sensor operatively connected to the controller to send a signal to the controller associated to an amount of ambient light sensed by the sensor, wherein the controller alters at least one operating characteristic of the LED in response to the signal received by the sensor. 