A shingle system, mountable to a support surface, includes overlapping shingle assemblies. Each shingle assembly comprises a support bracket, having upper and lower ends, secured to a shingle body. The upper end has an upper support portion, extending away from the shingle body, and an upper support-surface-engaging part, engageable with a support surface so that the upper edge of the shingle body is positionable at a first distance from the support surface to create a first gap therebetween. The lower end has a lower support portion extending away from the lower surface. The support brackets create: (1) a second gap between shingle bodies of the first and second shingle assemblies, and (2) an open region beneath the first shingle assembly fluidly coupling the first and second gaps.
Claims 1. A shingle system for mounting to a support surface comprising: first, upper and second, lower shingle assemblies, each of the first and second shingle assemblies comprising: a support bracket; a shingle body comprising an upper surface, a lower surface, and upper and lower edges connected by first and second side edges, the shingle body secured to the support bracket; the support bracket comprising: upper and lower ends; the upper end having an upper support portion extending away from the lower surface, the upper support portion having an upper support-surface-engaging part engageable with a support surface so that the upper edge of the shingle body is positionable at a first distance from the support surface to create a first gap therebetween; and the lower end having a lower support portion extending away from the lower surface; a portion of the shingle body along the lower edge of the first shingle assembly overlying a portion of the shingle body along the upper edge of the second shingle assembly so that the first and second shingle assemblies overlap one another; and the lower support portion of the support bracket of the first shingle assembly engageable with the second shingle assembly so to position the lower edge of the shingle body of the first shingle assembly spaced apart from the upper surface of the shingle body of the second shingle assembly to create: (1) a second gap between the lower surface of the shingle body of the first shingle assembly and the upper surface of the shingle body of the second shingle assembly, and (2) an open region beneath the first shingle assembly fluidly coupling the first and second gaps. 2. The shingle system according to claim 1 wherein at least one of the shingle assemblies comprises a photovoltaic (PV) shingle assembly. 3. The shingle system according to claim 1 wherein the support bracket comprises a middle portion connecting the upper and lower ends. 4. The shingle system according to claim 1 the lower end of the support bracket of the first shingle assembly engages the upper end of the support bracket of the second shingle assembly. 5. The shingle system according to claim 4 wherein the lower end of the support bracket of the first shingle assembly has an opening formed therein and the upper end of the support bracket of the second shingle assembly comprises an engagement element engaged within said opening. 6. The shingle system according to claim 4 wherein the upper end of the support bracket of the second shingle assembly has an opening formed therein and the lower end of the support bracket of the first shingle assembly comprises an engagement element engaged within said opening. 7. The shingle system according to claim 1 wherein the lower end of the support bracket engages the lower edge of the shingle body. 8. The shingle system according to claim 1 wherein the lower end of the support bracket comprises a clip engaging the lower edge of the shingle body. 9. The shingle system according to claim 1 wherein each of the first and second shingle assemblies comprises first and second of said support brackets, said first and second support brackets being laterally spaced apart. 10. The shingle system according to claim 1 wherein the support bracket is spaced apart from the first and second side edges. 11. The shingle system according to claim 1 further comprising an air-permeable infiltration barrier positioned within the second gap. 12. A building surface assembly comprising: a building surface; first, upper and second, lower shingle assemblies mounted to the building surface, each of the first and second shingle assemblies comprising: a support bracket; a shingle body comprising an upper surface, a lower surface, and upper and lower edges connected by first and second side edges, the shingle body secured to the first and second support brackets; the support bracket comprising: upper and lower ends; the upper end having an upper support portion extending away from the lower surface, the upper support portion having an upper support-surface-engaging part engaging the building surface so that the upper edge of the shingle body is positioned at a first distance from the building surface to create a first gap therebetween; and the lower end having a lower support portion extending away from the lower surface; a portion of the shingle body along the lower edge of the first shingle assembly overlying a portion of the shingle body along the upper edge of the second shingle assembly so that the first and second shingle assemblies overlap one another; and the lower support portion of the support bracket of the first shingle assembly engageable with the second shingle assembly so to position the lower edge of the shingle body of the first shingle assembly spaced apart from the upper surface of the shingle body of the second shingle assembly to create: (1) a second gap between the lower surface of the shingle body of the first shingle assembly and the upper surface of the shingle body of the second shingle assembly, and (2) an open region beneath the first shingle assembly fluidly coupling the first and second gaps. 13. The assembly according to claim 12 wherein at least one of the shingle assemblies comprises a photovoltaic (PV) shingle assembly. 14. The shingle assembly according to claim 12 wherein each of the first and second shingle assemblies comprises first and second of said support brackets, said first and second support brackets being laterally spaced apart. 15. The assembly according to claim 12 further comprising an air-permeable infiltration barrier positioned within the second gap. 16. The assembly according to claim 12 further comprising third, upper and fourth, lower of said shingle assemblies mounted to the building surface, the second side edges of the shingle bodies of the third and fourth shingle assemblies positioned opposite the first side edges of the shingle bodies of the first and second shingle assemblies, respectively. 17. The assembly according to claim 12 wherein the building surface comprises a waterproof barrier. 18. The assembly according to claim 12 wherein the building surface comprises a waterproof and radiant barrier. 19. The assembly according to claim 12 wherein the building surface comprises a laterally extending batten. 20. The assembly according to claim 19 wherein the upper end of the support bracket contacts the batten. 21. The assembly according to claim 12 further comprising a plurality of shingle tiles mounted to the building surface, at least some of the shingle tiles being adjacent to the shingle assemblies. 22. The assembly according to claim 21 wherein said shingle tiles comprise concrete shingle tiles. 23. A building surface assembly comprising: a building surface, the building surface comprising a waterproof and radiant barrier; first and third upper photovoltaic (PV) shingle assemblies and second and fourth lower photovoltaic (PV) shingle assemblies mounted to the building surface, each of the shingle assemblies comprising: first and second support brackets; a shingle body comprising an upper surface, a lower surface, and upper and lower edges connected by first and second side edges, the shingle body secured to the first and second support brackets; each support bracket comprising: upper and lower ends; the upper end having an upper support portion extending away from the lower surface, the upper support portion having an upper support-surface-engaging part engaging the building surface so that the upper edge of the shingle body is positioned at a first distance from the building surface to create a first gap therebetween; and the lower end having a lower support portion extending away from the lower surface; the second side edges of the shingle bodies of the third and fourth shingle assemblies positioned opposite the first side edges of the shingle bodies of the first and second shingle assemblies, respectively; a portion of the shingle body along the lower edge of the first shingle assembly overlying a portion of the shingle body along the upper edge of the second shingle assembly so that the first and second shingle assemblies overlap one another; a portion of the shingle body along the lower edge of the third shingle assembly overlying a portion of the shingle body along the upper edge of the fourth shingle assembly so that the third and fourth shingle assemblies overlap one another; the lower support portion of the support bracket of the first shingle assembly engageable with the second shingle assembly so to position the lower edge of the shingle body of the first shingle assembly spaced apart from the upper surface of the shingle body of the second shingle assembly to create: (1) a second gap between the lower surface of the shingle body of the first shingle assembly and the upper surface of the shingle body of the second shingle assembly, and (2) a first open region beneath the first shingle assembly fluidly coupling the first and second gaps; the lower support portion of the support bracket of the third shingle assembly engageable with the fourth shingle assembly so to position the lower edge of the shingle body of the third shingle assembly spaced apart from the upper surface of the shingle body of the fourth shingle assembly to create: (1) a third gap between the lower surface of the shingle body of the third shingle assembly and the upper surface of the shingle body of the fourth shingle assembly, and (2) a second open region beneath the third shingle assembly fluidly coupling the first and third gaps; and an air-permeable infiltration barrier positioned within the second and third gaps. 24. The assembly according to claim 23 wherein each of the shingle assemblies comprises first and second of said support brackets, said first and second support brackets being laterally spaced apart from one another and from the first and second side edges. 