A decorative light and a landscape lighting system incorporating a plurality of decorative lights. The decorative lights are structured for attachment to the top of landscape edging. The lights include a body having a channel formed in its bottom surface for receiving the top edge of landscape edging. The channel may be formed by first and second downwardly projecting walls. The surface of the walls may provide an interior profile or key shape that corresponds to the shape of the top of the landscape edging. An illumination device, such as a light emitting diode, is housed within the decorative light.
Claims 1. A decorative light for outdoor use in association with landscape edging having a top edge, the decorative light comprising: a main body having a bottom; an illumination device housed in said main body; a first wall projecting downwardly from said bottom; and a second wall projecting downwardly from said bottom parallel to and spaced apart from said first wall, wherein said first wall, said second wall, and said bottom define a channel for receiving the top edge of the landscape edging and thereby mounting the decorative light to the landscape edging. 2. The decorative light claimed in claim 1, wherein said first wall comprises a downwardly depending flat plate. 3. The decorative light claimed in claim 2, wherein said flat plate includes a pointed end. 4. The decorative light claimed in claim 1, wherein said channel has an interior cross-sectional key shape, said interior cross-sectional key shape corresponding to the profile of the top edge of the landscape edging. 5. The decorative light claimed in claim 1, wherein said second wall includes a shoulder point and a tapered wall, wherein said first wall includes a shoulder portion, and wherein said shoulder point, said tapered wall and said shoulder portion partially define a key shape of said channel. 6. The decorative light claimed in claim 1, wherein said channel includes a first channel and a second channel, said second channel being formed at the base of said first channel and said first channel having a first width for receiving a first type of landscape edging, and a second channel having a second width for receiving a second type of landscape edging, said first width being wider than said second width. 7. The decorative light claimed in claim 1, wherein said second wall comprises a downwardly depending front plate parallel to said second wall and spaced apart therefrom, said front plate including an inwardly angled distal end. 8. The decorative light claimed in claim 7, wherein said front plate comprises a resiliently flexible material. 9. The decorative light claimed in claim 1, further including a cover disposed on a top of said main body, said cover including translucent material for allowing emission of light from said illumination device. 10. The decorative light claimed in claim 9, wherein said cover includes a knurled surface for diffusing light. 11. The decorative light claimed in claim 1, wherein said illumination device comprises a light emitting diode. 12. The decorative light claimed in claim 1, further including a wiring connector for connecting said illumination device to wiring, and wherein said main body defines a central aperture for housing said wiring connector. 13. The decorative light claimed in claim 12, further including a wiring channel defined within the bottom of said main body for routing said wiring for connection to said wiring connector. 14. A landscape lighting system for outdoor use in association with landscape edging, the landscape edging having a top edge, the landscape lighting system having connection to a power source, said landscape lighting system comprising: a length of wiring connected to the power source; and a plurality of decorative lights electrically connected to said length of wiring, said decorative lights including: a main body having a bottom; an illumination device housed in said main body; a first wall projecting downwardly from said bottom; and a second wall projecting downwardly from said bottom parallel to and spaced apart from said first wall, wherein said first wall, said second wall, and said bottom define a channel for receiving the top edge of the landscape edging and thereby mounting the decorative light to the landscape edging. 15. The landscape lighting system claimed in claim 14, wherein said first wall comprises a downwardly depending flat plate having a pointed end. 16. The landscape lighting system claimed in claim 14, wherein said channel has an interior cross-sectional key shape, said interior cross-sectional key shape corresponding to the profile of the top edge of the landscape edging. 17. The landscape lighting system claimed in claim 14, wherein said second wall includes a shoulder point and a tapered wall, wherein said first wall includes a shoulder portion, and wherein said shoulder point, said tapered wall and said shoulder portion partially define a key shape of said channel. 18. The landscape lighting system claimed in claim 14, wherein said channel includes a first channel and a second channel, said second channel being formed at the base of said first channel and said first channel having a first width for receiving a first type of landscape edging, and a second channel having a second width for receiving a second type of landscape edging, said first width being wider than said second width. 19. The landscape lighting system claimed in claim 14, wherein said second wall comprises a downwardly depending front plate parallel to said second wall and spaced apart therefrom, said front plate including an inwardly angled distal end. 20. The landscape lighting system claimed in claim 19, wherein said front plate comprises a resiliently flexible material. 21. The landscape lighting system claimed in claim 14, further including a cover disposed on a top of said main body, said cover including translucent material for allowing emission of light from said illumination device. 22. The landscape lighting system claimed in claim 21, wherein said cover includes a knurled surface for diffusing light. 23. The landscape lighting system claimed in claim 14, wherein said illumination device comprises a light emitting diode. 24. The landscape lighting system claimed in claim 14, further including a wiring connector for connecting said illumination device to wiring, and wherein said main body defines a central aperture for housing said wiring connector. 25. The landscape lighting system claimed in claim 24, further including a wiring channel defined within the bottom of said main body for routing said wiring for connection to said wiring connector. 26. The landscape lighting system claimed in claim 14, further including a solar-based rechargeable power supply connected to said wiring for supplying power to said decorative lights. 