The invention refers to remote monitoring of power objects and is designed for collecting data on OHTL conductor status and passing such to data collection point (dispatch point for example). The invention's objective is to exclude necessity to produce and maintain specialized technological applications for measuring conductor's attitude parameters and/or communication with measurements collection point, and thus improve reliability of the device operation as an autonomous element of system of monitoring of OHTL conductor status. The device contains a housing, equipped with a mean for attachment to OHTL conductor, and located therein power supply and measuring-transmitting module. Invention options provide for introduction into the measuring-transmitting module of interface with utility cellular telephony channel and/or Global Positioning System signals receiver identifying its three-dimensional coordinates. Measuring-transmitting module can be executed as control unit, unit of receipt and conversion of conductor status signal, unit of primary processing of obtained information, collection and storage of data, unit of communication and data transmission. In this case interface with utility cellular telephony channel and Global Positioning System signals receiver arc included in unit of communication and data transmission and in unit of receipt and conversion of conductor status signal, accordingly.
Claims 1. A device for remote monitoring of OHTL conductor, containing housing, equipped with a mean for attachment to OHTL conductor, and located therein power supply and measuring-transmitting module interfaced with utility cellular telephony channel. 2. A device as per 1 above, where measuring-transmitting module contains a control unit, unit of receipt and conversion of conductor status signal, unit of primary processing of obtained information, collection and storage of data, unit of communication and data transmission, while unit of primary processing of obtained information, collection and storage of data is connected to input of unit of communication and data transmission and to output of unit of receipt and conversion of conductor status signal, and interface with utility cellular telephony channel is included in unit of communication and data transmission. 3. A device as per 1 and 2 above, where measuring-transmitting module additionally contains Global Positioning System signals receiver identifying its three-dimensional coordinates. 4. A device for remote monitoring of OHTL conductor, containing housing, equipped with a mean for attachment to OHTL conductor, and located therein power supply and measuring-transmitting module equipped with Global Positioning System signals receiver identifying its three-dimensional coordinates. 5. A device as per 4 above, where measuring-transmitting module contains a control unit, unit of receipt and conversion of conductor status signal, unit of primary processing of obtained information, collection and storage of data, unit of communication and data transmission, while unit of primary processing of obtained information, collection and storage of data is connected to output of unit of receipt and conversion of conductor status signal and to input of unit of communication and data transmission, and Global Positioning System signals receiver identifying its three-dimensional coordinates is introduced in unit of receipt and conversion of conductor status signal. 6. A device as per 4 or 5 above, where measuring-transmitting module is interfaced with utility cellular telephony channel. 7. A device as per 2 or 5 above, where unit of receipt and conversion of conductor status signal contains a sensor of current values in conductor. 8. A device as per 2 or 5 above, where unit of receipt and conversion of conductor status signal contains a sensor of conductor temperature. 9. A device as per 8 above, where sensor of conductor temperature is mounted into the mean of housing attachment to OHTL conductor. 10. A device as per 2 or 5 above, where unit of communication and data transmission is equipped with means of receipt of data inquiry signals, setting digital data, and unauthorized access protection. 11. A device as per 1 or 4 above, where power supply is executed as a battery. 12. A device as per 11 above, where battery is chargeable from OHTL current. 13. A device as per 11 above, where battery is chargeable from additionally introduced solar battery. 