A system for ventilating and cooling the interior of a parked vehicle. The system can be used on many types of vehicles including, but not limited to, aircraft, cars, trucks and the like. In one specific implementation, the system is used to ventilate and cool the interior of the cockpit of a general aviation aircraft, for example a single engine Piper Archer, while the aircraft is parked during non-use.
Claims 1. A system for ventilating and cooling the interior space of a vehicle having at least one window, the system comprising: an electrically powered exhaust fan configured to mount to the vehicle and having an inlet that is in communication with the interior space when mounted on the vehicle; and an array of photovoltaic cells for generating electrical energy from sunlight, wherein the array may be electrically connected to the exhaust fan for providing electrical energy to the exhaust fan, and the array is sufficiently flexible so that it can be rolled up. 2. A system for ventilating and cooling the interior space of an aircraft having a cockpit and a plurality of windows, one of the windows having a portion that is moveable between an open and a closed position and creating an opening when in the open position, the system comprising: an electrically powered exhaust fan configured to mount within the opening when the window portion is at the open position, the fan having an inlet that is in communication with the interior space when mounted within the opening and an outlet to the exterior of the aircraft; and an array of photovoltaic cells for generating electrical energy from sunlight, wherein the array may be electrically connected to the exhaust fan for providing electrical energy to the exhaust fan. 3. The system according to claim 2, wherein the window portion comprises a piece of glass that is mounted by a hinge for pivoting movement relative to the one window. 4. The system according to claim 3, wherein the hinge includes a first portion with an end that is hingedly connected with an end of a second portion, the first portion having another end connected to the one window and the second portion having another end connected to the window portion, the second portion defining a J-shaped portion forming a trough, and a bottom edge of the exhaust fan is configured and sized to rest within the trough. 5. The system of claim 2, wherein the exhaust fan is configured to exhaust air from the interior space of the cockpit to the exterior of the aircraft, such that when the exhaust fan exhausts air from the interior space of the cockpit to the exterior of the aircraft, a negative pressure in the interior space is created, which draws in outside air into the interior space. 6. The system of claim 2, wherein the array of photovoltaic cells is disposed inside the cockpit and faces outward so as to be exposed to sunlight. 7. The system of claim 2, wherein the array of photovoltaic cells is disposed outside the cockpit and is positioned to be exposed to sunlight. 8. The system of claim 2, wherein the array of photovoltaic cells is flexible so that it can be rolled up. 9. The system of claim 2, wherein the exhaust fan is removably mountable within the opening when the window portion is opened. 10. The system of claim 2, wherein the inlet of the exhaust fan enables air to enter axially through the inlet from the interior space and is discharged radially through the outlet to the exterior of the aircraft. 11. The system of claim 2, wherein the exhaust fan is a centrifugal fan. 12. The system of claim 2, wherein the exhaust fan defines a fan housing, the outlet of the exhaust fan being disposed at a bottom portion of the fan housing, the bottom portion residing at the exterior of the aircraft when the exhaust fan is mounted within the opening. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein the fan housing defines an overlapping edge about an outer portion of the fan housing that is larger than the opening of the window, whereby the edge overlaps an outer edge of the opening of the window. 14. The system of claim 2, wherein the array of photovoltaic cells is electrically connectable with the exhaust fan by an electrical cord assembly, wherein the electrical cord assembly includes a thermostat electrically connected with the electrical cord assembly. 15. A method of ventilating the interior space of an aircraft having a cockpit and a plurality of windows, one of the windows having a portion that is moveable between an open and a closed position and creating an opening when in the open position, the method comprising: mounting an electrically powered exhaust fan within the opening when the window portion is at the open position, the fan being mounted so that an inlet thereof is in communication with the interior space when mounted within the opening and an outlet thereof discharges to the exterior of the aircraft; and electrically connecting the exhaust fan to an array of photovoltaic cells for generating electrical energy from sunlight. 16. The method of claim 15, comprising arranging the array of photovoltaic cells inside the cockpit and facing outward so as to be exposed to sunlight. 17. The method of claim 15, comprising arranging the array of photovoltaic cells outside the cockpit in a position to be exposed to sunlight. 