A garden light assembly including a solar cell assembly adapted for supplying electric current, at least one light mounted on a mounting plate and in electrical communication with the solar cell assembly, and a refractor/reflector positioned to reflect outwards light rays emanating from the at least one light, the refractor/reflector including a curved surface concavely curved with respect to the at least one light.
Claims 1. Apparatus comprising: a garden light assembly comprising a solar cell assembly adapted for supplying electric current, at least one light mounted on a mounting plate and in electrical communication with said solar cell assembly, and a refractor/reflector positioned to reflect outwards light rays emanating from said at least one light, said refractor/reflector comprising a curved surface concavely curved with respect to said at least one light. 2. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said curved surface is white. 3. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said curved surface is mirrored. 4. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising an optical accessory positioned between said at least one light and said refractor/reflector adapted to modulate light rays emanating from said at least one light. 5. The apparatus according to claim 4, wherein said optical accessory comprises a focusing lens. 6. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising a light diffuser through which pass light rays reflected from said refractor/reflector. 7. The apparatus according to claim 6, wherein said light diffuser has a light transmission in a range from transparent to translucent. 8. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising a sealing element that seals said refractor/reflector with respect to other elements of said apparatus against passage of liquid therethrough. 9. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the curved surface of said refractor/reflector has a parabolic curve. 10. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising a mounting pole that supports said mounting plate and said refractor/reflector. 