A photovoltaic module including one or more photovoltaic cells connected in series and located inside a laminated stack of glass and polymer, together with an electronic protection device, e.g. a bypass diode, which is arranged to bypass the electric current passing through at least one photovoltaic cell. The electronic protection device, which is a semiconductor circuit, is itself disposed inside the laminated stack. The semiconductor circuit is electrically connected to at least one flat metal ribbon disposed in the laminated stack for the purpose of dissipating the heat energy given off by the semiconductor circuit.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic module comprising: one or more photovoltaic cells connected in series and disposed inside a laminated stack of glass and polymer; an electronic protection device arranged to bypass the electric current passing through at least one photovoltaic cell, the electronic protection device being a semiconductor circuit that is disposed inside the laminated stack; and wherein the semiconductor circuit is electrically connected to the cells of the module via at least one flat metal ribbon disposed in the laminated stack in order to dissipate the heat energy given off by the semiconductor circuit. 2. The photovoltaic module according to claim 1, in which the semiconductor circuit is connected to the photovoltaic cells via two flat copper ribbons. 3. The photovoltaic module according to claim 1, in which the semiconductor circuit is an electronic chip soldered onto a photovoltaic cell. 4. The photovoltaic module according to claim 1, in which each photovoltaic cell is inserted between a glass plate and a polymer layer, the semiconductor protection circuit being disposed between a cell and the polymer layer. 5. The photovoltaic module according to claim 1, in which the semiconductor circuit is disposed between two adjacent photovoltaic cells. 6. The photovoltaic module according to claim 1, in which the semiconductor circuit comprises a poly-crystalline medium. 7. The photovoltaic module according to claim 1, in which the semiconductor circuit is mounted on a metal plate possessing good thermal conductivity, said plate serving as a radiator for dissipating heat energy. 8. The photovoltaic module according to claim 1, in which the semiconductor circuit is integrated in the photovoltaic cell. 9. The photovoltaic module according to claim 1, in which each photovoltaic cell is provided with a respective protective semiconductor circuit. 10. The photovoltaic module according to claim 1, further comprising monitoring and control circuits for the photovoltaic cells, and in which the monitoring and control circuits are semiconductor circuits disposed inside the laminated stack. 11. The photovoltaic module according to claim 10, in which the monitoring and control circuits are semiconductor circuits selected from the group consisting of thyristor, MOSFET, and GTO type semiconductor circuits. 12. The photovoltaic module according to claim 1, further comprising monitoring circuits for the photovoltaic cells, and in which the monitoring circuits are semiconductor circuits disposed inside the laminated stack. 13. The photovoltaic module according to claim 12, in which the monitoring circuits are semiconductor circuits selected from the group consisting of thyristor, MOSFET, and GTO type semiconductor circuits. 14. The photovoltaic module according to claim 1, further comprising control circuits for the photovoltaic cells, and in which the control circuits are semiconductor circuits disposed inside the laminated stack. 15. The photovoltaic module according to claim 14, in which the control circuits are semiconductor circuits selected from the group consisting of thyristor, MOSFET, and GTO type semiconductor circuits. 16. The photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein the electronic protection device is formed by a bypass diode. 