A device and method for ionization control is provided. The device and method controls the ionization balance using a sensor element, a control circuit that produces output signal as a function of an input signal from the sensor and transmits that output signal to the ionizer being controlled. The device also has a mechanism for detecting rapid changes in the input signal and a mechanism for disabling changes in the control signal for the duration of presence of said rapidly-changing signal.
Claims 1-25. (canceled) 26. A device for measuring ionization decay, the device comprising: a sensor element that receives an input signal corresponding to the ionization decay of an ionizer being controlled; a charger circuit that supplies a voltage to the sensor element; a circuit that measures the voltage on the sensor element over time; and a processing unit that receives the measured voltage on the sensor element and calculates the ionization voltage decay on the sensor element. 27. The device of claim 26 further comprising a display that indicates the ionization voltage decay. 28. The device of claim 26, wherein ionization voltage decay is calculated periodically. 29. The device of claim 26, wherein the processing unit further comprises instructions to convert said ionization voltage decay to a value correlatable with the ionization voltage decay of a predetermined device. 30. The device of claim 29, wherein the predetermined device further comprises a charge plate monitor. 31. The device of claim 26 further comprising a circuit that measures the decay of the sensor element during calibration to generate an self-decay value and wherein the processing unit subtracts the self-decay value from the ionization voltage decay to provide a measurement of only the externally-caused decay. 32. The device of claim 26, wherein the sensor element is situated adjacent an exit point of ions within an ionizer whose decay is being determined. 33. The device of claim 22, wherein the sensor elements further comprises a grill in the ionizer. 34. The device of claim 26 further comprising a second sensor element wherein the first sensor element is positioned adjacent a location in which decay is being controlled and the second sensor element is positioned adjacent an exit point of ions within an ionizer whose decay is being determined. 35. The device of claim 34 further comprising a second device comprising the second sensor element that measures the ionization decay of an ionizer being controlled, a second charger circuit that supplies a voltage to the sensor element, a second circuit that measures the voltage on the sensor element over time and a second processing unit that receives the measured voltage on the sensor element and calculates the ionization voltage decay on the second sensor element. 36. The device of claim 26, wherein the sensor element further receives an input signal and generates a sensor signal in response to the input signal, and wherein the device further comprises a control circuit that produces an ionizer control output signal as a function of the sensor signal, and a discrimination circuit, coupled to the control circuit, that disables the ionizer control signal when a rapidly changing sensor signal is detected to discriminate ionizer balance input signals. 37. The device of claim 26 further comprising a balance sensor element that receives an input signal and generates a sensor signal in response to the input signal so that the device has two separate sensor elements, a control circuit that produces an ionizer control output signal as a function of the sensor signal, and a discrimination circuit, coupled to the control circuit, that disables the ionizer control signal when a rapidly changing sensor signal is detected to discriminate ionizer balance input signals. 38. The device of claim 26, wherein the processing unit further comprises an instruction for receiving several consecutive voltage measurements and an instruction for selecting a lowest ionization voltage decay calculated from the several consecutive voltage measurements. 39. The device of claim 26 further comprising an airflow sensor that generates a signal corresponding to an airflow. 40. The device of claim 36 further comprising an airflow sensor that generates a signal corresponding to an airflow. 41. The device of claim 26, wherein the processing unit further comprises an instruction that generates a control signal, responsive to the calculated ionization voltage decay, to control a high voltage applied to a controlled ionizer in order to control the ionization decay of the controller ionizer. 42. The device of claim 26, wherein the processing unit further comprises an instruction that generates a control signal, responsive to the calculated ionization voltage decay, to control a fan speed of an controlled ionizer in order to control the ionization decay of the controller ionizer. 43. The device of claim 26, wherein the processing unit further comprises an instruction that generates a voltage control signal, responsive to the calculated ionization voltage decay, to control a high voltage applied to a controlled ionizer and an instruction that generates a fan speed control signal, responsive to the calculated ionization voltage decay, to control a fan speed of an controlled ionizer wherein the voltage control signal and the fan speed control signal control the ionization decay of the controller ionizer. 44. The device of claim 26 further comprising an enclosure wherein the sensor element forms a top portion of the enclosure. 45. The device of claim 26, wherein the sensor element is located at a different location than the location of the charger circuit, the circuit that measures voltage and the processing unit. 46. The device of claim 26 further comprising a plurality of sensor elements wherein the sensor elements are connected to each other in a chain. 47. The device of claim 46, wherein the sensor elements are wirelessly connected to each other. 48. The device of claim 46, wherein each sensor element controls a particular ionizer and wherein the device correlates each sensor element to the ionizer that the sensor element controls. 49. The device of claim 26 further comprising a communications unit that provides communications between the device and the ionizer being controlled. 50. The device of claim 49, wherein the communications unit further comprises a wireless communications unit. 51. The device of claim 26 further comprising a photovoltaic element that provides power to the sensor element. 52. The device of claim 51 further comprising an energy storage device that stores the power necessary for communications. 53. The device of claim 26 further comprising an enclosure wherein a ground reference to the device is provided by an electrical contact between the enclosure and a conductive surface. 54. The device of claim 26 further comprising an internal battery that provides power to the device. 55. The device of claim 26, wherein the processing unit is incorporated into the ionizer being controlled. 56. The device of claim 26 further comprising a circuit that determines a particular ionizer being controlled by the device. 57-63. (canceled) 64. A method for measuring ionization decay, the method comprising: measuring the ionization decay of an ionizer being controlled; supplying a voltage to the sensor element; measuring the voltage on the sensor element over time; and determining the ionization voltage decay on the sensor element based on the measured voltage. 65. The method of claim 64, wherein ionization voltage decay is calculated periodically. 66. The method of claim 64 further comprising converting said ionization voltage decay to a value correlatable with the ionization voltage decay of a predetermined method. 67. The method of claim 64 further comprising measuring the decay of the sensor element during calibration to generate an self-decay value and wherein the determining step further comprises subtracting the self-decay value from the ionization voltage decay to provide a measurement of only the externally-caused decay. 68. The method of claim 64 further comprising producing an ionizer control output signal as a function of the sensor signal and disabling the ionizer control signal when a rapidly changing sensor signal is detected to discriminate ionizer balance input signals. 69. The method of claim 64, wherein the determining further comprises receiving several consecutive voltage measurements and selecting a lowest ionization voltage decay calculated from the several consecutive voltage measurements. 70. The method of claim 64 further comprising generating a signal corresponding to an airflow. 71. The method of claim 64, wherein the determining further comprises controlling a high voltage applied to a controlled ionizer in order to control the ionization decay of the controller ionizer. 72. The method of claim 64, wherein the determining further comprises controlling a fan speed of an controlled ionizer in order to control the ionization decay of the controller ionizer. 73. The method of claim 64, wherein the determining further comprises controlling a high voltage applied to a controlled ionizer and controlling a fan speed of an controlled ionizer wherein the voltage control signal and the fan speed control signal control the ionization decay of the controller ionizer. 