The present inventions relate to a smart transmitter technology that provides for a more stable transmitted signal power level, a more stable transmitted signal carrier frequency, a sleep mode without the need for receiving a wakeup signal, and a universal communication interface. The smart transmitter may comprise selective of a processor, a universal communication interface, transmitter circuitry, a reference-frequency-generator, a depletable power source, and an antenna. The processor configures the transmitter circuitry to adjust the power level of the transmitted signal based on the quality of power supplied to the transmitter circuitry. The processor is further configured to access temperature data from a temperature sensor and compensate for expected changes in the frequency output of the reference-frequency-generator. Finally, the processor is configured to initiate an AutoCommSelect routine that selects the proper universal communication interface configuration and communication protocol required to communicate with a data-source connected to the transmitter.
Claims 1. A transmitter for transmitting data from a utility meter to a remote location, said transmitter comprising: a processor, transmitter circuitry, and a depletable power source, wherein said transmitter circuitry is operatively connected to an antenna; a memory associated with said processor for storing power-level-adjustment-data; a data-source operatively connected to said processor; wherein said processor is configured to retrieve utility-data from said data-source and transfer at least part of said utility-data to the transmitter circuitry; wherein said transmitter circuitry is configured to transmit a data-signal to a remote location, said data-signal comprising at least part of said utility-data; wherein said processor is operable to configure said transmitter circuitry to transmit said data-signal at different power levels; wherein the power level of the transmitted data-signal is affected by the quality of power supplied to the transmitter circuitry by said depletable power source; wherein the processor is configured to monitor the quality of the power supplied by the depletable power source; and wherein the processor is configured to reconfigure said transmitter circuitry to adjust the power level of the transmitted data-signal based at least in part on the qualify of power supplied by the depletable power source and said power-level-adjustment-data. 2. A transmitter for transmitting data from a utility meter to a remote location as in claim 1, wherein said processor is further configured to transmit said data-signal using at least one of (i) a walk-by transmit mode, and (ii) a drive-by transmit mode. 3. A transmitter for transmitting data from a utility meter to a remote location as in claim 1, wherein the processor maintains a substantially constant transmitted data-signal power level. 4. A transmitter for transmitting data from a utility meter to a remote location as in claim 1, wherein the processor generates depletable power source status data and transmits said depletable power source status data to a remote location. 5. A transmitter for transmitting data from a utility meter to a remote location as in claim 1, wherein said depletable power source is a rechargeable battery that is recharged by an energy-converter. 6. A transmitter for transmitting data from a utility meter to a remote location as in claim 5, wherein said energy-converter is a photovoltaic device that generates electricity by absorbing electromagnetic radiation. 7. A transmitter for transmitting data from a utility meter to a remote location as in claim 6, wherein the processor is further configured to use power supplied from at least one of (i) the data-source and (ii) the energy-converter. 8. A smart transmitter for transmitting data representative of resource consumption from a utility meter to a remote location, said transmitter comprising: a processor, a reference-frequency-generator, and transmitter circuitry; wherein said transmitter circuitry is operatively connected to said processor, said reference-frequency-generator, and an antenna; wherein said transmitter circuitry is configured for transmitting a data-signal to a remote location; wherein said reference-frequency-generator comprises frequency-components that generate a reference-frequency; wherein said reference-frequency drifts in response to changes in the temperature of said frequency-components and wherein the reference-frequency drift substantially follows known frequency-drift-data; wherein said frequency-drift-data is stored in a memory associated with said processor; wherein said processor is further configured to access temperature data from a temperature sensor associated with said processor, use said temperature data and said frequency-drift-data to determine a frequency-adjustment-value, and to transfer said frequency-adjustment-value to said transmitter circuitry; and wherein said transmitter circuitry is further configured use said reference-frequency and said frequency-adjustment-value when determining the carrier frequency of the transmitted data-signal. 9. A transmitter for transmitting data representative of resource consumption from a utility meter to a remote location as in claim 8, wherein said processor is operatively connected to a data-source, said data-source configured for providing utility-data, and wherein said data-signal comprises at least part of said utility-data. 10. A transmitter for transmitting data representative of resource consumption from a utility meter to a remote location as in claim 8, wherein said processor is configured to transmit said data-signal in at least one of (i) a walk-by transmit mode and (ii) a drive-by transmit mode. 11. A transmitter for transmitting data representative of resource consumption from a utility meter to a remote location as in claim 8, wherein said processor maintains a substantially constant carrier frequency for the transmitted data-signal. 12. A transmitter for transmitting data representative of resource consumption from a utility meter to a remote location as in claim 8, wherein said temperature sensor data is one of (i) the ambient temperature near the transmitter, (ii) the temperature within the transmitter housing, and (iii) the temperature of at least part of said frequency-components. 13. A transmitter for transmitting data representative of resource consumption from a utility meter to a remote location as in claim 8, wherein said processor compares said temperature data to at least one of a predefined max-temp value, min-temp value, and temp-range values and sets a temp-warning-flag based on the comparison. 14. A transmitter for transmitting data representative of resource consumption from a utility meter to a remote location as in claim 13, wherein said data-signal comprises at least one of (i) the status of said temp-warning-flag, (ii) max-temp value, (iii) min-temp value, (iv) temp-range values, and (v) at least part of the temperature-data. 15. A smart transmitter for transmitting data from a utility meter to a remote location, said transmitter comprising: a processor, universal communication interface, and transmitter circuitry operatively connected to an antenna; wherein said processor is operatively connected to a data-source through said universal communication interface, said data-source configured to provide utility-data; wherein at least two communication-interface-configuration-communication-protocols (CIC-CP) data sets are stored in a memory associated with said processor; wherein said processor is configured selects the CIC-CP data set required to communicate with said data-source; wherein said processor is further configured to retrieve at least part of said utility-data from said data-source using the selected CIC-CP data set; and wherein said processor is further configured to continue to use said selected CIC-CP during future communication sessions between said processor and said data-source. 16. A transmitter for transmitting data from a utility meter to a remote location as in claim 15, wherein said processor is further configured to transmit information identifying the selected CIC-CP to said remote location. 17. A transmitter for transmitting data from a utility meter to a remote location as in claim 15, wherein said processor transmits information identifying the selected CIC-CP to said remote location whenever a new CIC-CP data set is selected. 18. A transmitter for transmitting data from a utility meter to a remote location as in claim 15, wherein said processor is configured to select a CIC-CP data set when the transmitter is first connected to a data-source. 19. A transmitter for transmitting data from a utility meter to a remote location as in claim 18, wherein said processor is configured to set a communications failure flag when at least one of the following occurs: (i) the AutoCommSelect routine fails to select a CIC-CP, (ii) communications with the data-source cannot be established for a predefined period of time; and (iii) communications with the data-source cannot be established for a predefined number of communication attempts. 20. A transmitter for transmitting data from a utility meter to a remote location as in claim 19, wherein the status of said communications failure flag is transmitted to a remote location. 21. A transmitter for transmitting data from a utility meter to a remote location as in claim 15, wherein said universal communication interface comprises a three conductor wired connection and wherein said processor is operable to automatically configure said universal communication interface to match the communication interface requirements of said data-source. 22. A smart transmitter for transmitting data from a utility meter to a remote location, said transmitter comprising: a processor, universal communication interface, and transmitter circuitry operatively connected to an antenna; wherein said processor is operatively connected to a data-source through said universal communication interface, said data-source configured to provide utility-data; wherein at least two communication-interface-configurations (CIC) and at least two communication-protocols (CP) are stored in a memory associated with said processor; wherein said processor is configured to select the CIC and CP required to communicate with said data-source; wherein said processor is further configured to retrieve at least part of said utility-data from said data-source using the selected CIC and CP; and wherein said processor is further configured to continue to use the selected CIC and CP during future communication sessions between said processor and said data-source. 23. A transmitter for transmitting data representative of resource consumption from a utility meter to a remote location, said transmitter comprising: a processor, a memory, and transmitter circuitry operatively connected to an antenna; wherein transmission-schedule-data is stored in said memory; wherein said processor is operatively connected to a data-source containing utility-data; wherein said processor is configured to track the passage of time and generate time-data; wherein said processor is configured to use said transmitter circuitry to transmit a data-signal to a remote location; and wherein said processor is further configured to use said time-data and at least part of said transmission-scheduled-data to place said transmitter circuitry in at least one of a sleep-mode and a transmit-enabled mode. 24. A transmitter for transmitting data representative of resource consumption from a utility meter to a remote location as in claim 23, wherein said data-signal comprises at least one of (i) at least part of said time-data, and (ii) at least part of said transmission-schedule-data. 25. A transmitter for transmitting data representative of resource consumption from a utility meter to a remote location as in claim 23, wherein the length in time of said transmit-enabled mode is one of: (a) a predefined constant value; (b) a user programmable value. 26. A transmitter for transmitting data representative of resource consumption from a utility meter to a remote location as in claim 25, wherein the processor is further configured to transmit said data-signal continuously while the transmitter circuitry is in transmit-enable mode. 27. A transmitter for transmitting data representative of resource consumption from a utility meter to a remote location as in claim 25, wherein the processor is further configured to transmit said data-signal during a predefined transmit-on time period then stop transmitting said data-signal for a predefined transmit-off time period, and repeat said sequence until the transmitter is placed into said sleep mode. 28. A transmitter for transmitting data representative of resource consumption from a utility meter to a remote location as in claim 27, wherein said predefined transmit-on time period and said predefined transmit-off time period are user programmable. 29. A transmitter for transmitting data representative of resource consumption from a utility meter to a remote location as in claim 23, wherein said processor is configured to track the passage of time using at least one member of the group consisting of: (a) a clock operatively connected to said processor; (b) a program stored in a memory associated with said processor; and (c) a timing circuit. 30. A transmitter for transmitting data representative of resource consumption from a utility meter to a remote location as in claim 23, wherein said processor tracks the passage of time using at least one of the following time intervals: (a) year; (b) month; (c) day; (d) hour; (e) minute; and (f) seconds. 31. A method for transmitting data from a utility meter to a remote location, said method comprising: providing a transmitter comprising a processor, transmitter circuitry, and an antenna; associating a depletable power source with said transmitter, said depletable power source configured to supply power to said transmitter; associating said transmitter with a data-source, said data-source configured for storing utility-data; retrieving at least part of said utility-data from said data-source and transmitting a data-signal to a remote location, said data-signal comprising at least part of said utility-data; storing power-level-adjustment-data in a memory associated with said processor; monitoring the status of said depletable power source; and adjusting the power level of the transmitted data-signal based on the status of said depletable power source and at least part of said power-level-adjustment-data. 32. A method for transmitting data from a utility meter to a remote location as in claim 31, further comprising the step of maintaining a substantially constant transmitted data-signal power level. 33. A method for transmitting data from a utility meter to a remote location as in claim 31, further comprising the step of generating depletable power source status data and transmitting said depletable power source status data to said remote location. 34. A method for transmitting data from a utility meter to a remote location as in claim 31, further comprising the step of recharging said depletable power source with an energy-converter. 35. A method for transmitting data from a utility meter to a remote location as in claim 34, wherein said energy-converter is a photovoltaic device that generates electricity by absorbing electromagnetic radiation. 36. A method for transmitting data representative of resource consumption from a utility meter to a remote location, said method comprising: providing a transmitter comprising a processor, transmitter circuitry, and an antenna; configuring said transmitter circuitry to transmit a data-signal to a remote location, wherein the data-signal carrier frequency is linked to a frequency-output generated by frequency-components associated with at least one of said processor and said transmitter circuitry; associating said transmitter with a data-source, wherein said data-source supplies utility-data to said transmitter and wherein said data-signal comprises at least part of said utility-data; storing at least one of a drift curve and drift rate in a memory associated with said processor, wherein said drift curve and said drift rate characterize the drift in the frequency-output due to changes in temperature for at least part of said frequency-components; accessing the frequency-output generated by said frequency-components; accessing temperature data generated by a temperature sensor associated with said processor, said temperature data related to the temperature of at least part of said frequency-components; adjusting said carrier frequency of the transmitted data-signal to compensate for the expected drift in said frequency-output due to changes in temperature using at least part of said temperature data and at least one of said drift curve and said drift rate; and transmitting said data-signal to a remote location. 37. A method for transmitting data representative of resource consumption from a utility meter to a remote location as in claim 36, further comprising the step of maintaining a substantially constant transmitted data-signal carrier frequency. 38. A method for transmitting data representative of resource consumption from a utility meter to a remote location as in claim 36, wherein said temperature sensor data is one of (i) the ambient temperature near the transmitter, (ii) the temperature within the transmitter housing, and (iii) the temperature of at least part of said frequency-components. 39. A method for transmitting data representative of resource consumption from a utility meter to a remote location as in claim 36, further comprising the step of transmitting at least part of said temperature data to said remote location. 40. A method of automatically selecting a communication protocol and a communication interface configuration required to transfer data from a data-source to a transmitter, said method comprising the steps of: providing a transmitter comprising a processor and a universal communication interface; associating a data-source with said transmitter, said data-source configured for transferring data to said transmitter over said communication interface, wherein said data is transferred to said transmitter using a communication-interface-configuration (CIC) and a communication-protocol (CP); storing a plurality of CICs and CPs in a memory associated with said processor; selecting the CIC and CP required to establish a communication session between said data-source and said transmitter; and configuring said processor to use the selected CIC and CP during future communication sessions with said data-source. 41. A method of automatically selecting a communication protocol and a communication interface configuration as in claim 40, further comprising the step of transmitting to a remote location data identifying the selected CIC and CP. 42. A method of automatically selecting a communication protocol and a communication interface configuration as in claim 40, further comprising the step of setting a Communication Error Flag when a communication session between said data-source and said transmitter cannot be established. 43. A method of automatically selecting a communication protocol and a communication interface configuration as in claim 42, further comprising the step of tracking the number of communications errors detected. 44. A method of automatically selecting a communication protocol and a communication interface configuration as in claim 42, wherein said processor is configured to select a new CIC and CP when the transmitter is first associated with said data-source. 45. A method of automatically selecting a communication protocol and a communication interface configuration as in claim 42, wherein said communication interface comprises three conductors. 46. A method for transmitting data from a utility meter to a remote location, said method comprising the steps of: providing a transmitter comprising a processor and transmitter circuitry; configuring said processor to track the passage of time and generate time-data; storing transmitter-schedule-data in a memory associated with said processor; retrieving utility-data from said utility meter; using said time-data and said transmitter-schedule-data to place at least part of said transmitter circuitry into one of a sleep mode and a transmit-enable mode; and transmitting a data-signal to a remote location when the transmitter circuitry is in transmit-enable mode, wherein said data-signal comprises at least part of said utility-data. 46. A method for transmitting data from a utility meter to a remote location as in claim 45, further comprising the step of transmitting at least part of said time-data to a remote location. 47. A method for transmitting data from a utility meter to a remote location as in claim 45, further comprising the step of continuously transmitting said data-signal while the transmitter circuitry is in transmit-enable mode. 48. A method for transmitting data from a utility meter to a remote location as in claim 45, further comprising the steps of transmitting said data-signal according to a predefined transmit-sequence, said predefined transmit-sequence comprising the steps of (i) transmitting said data-signal during a predefined transmit-on time period, (ii) not transmitting said data-signal for a predefined transmit-off time period, and (iii) repeating steps (i) and (ii) until the transmitter is placed into said sleep mode. 