The present inventions relate to a method and apparatus for adding Automatic Meter Reading (AMR) capabilities to utility meters that generate a magnetic field comprising magnetic flux that varies proportionally with the rate of resource consumption. The apparatus comprises a dual magnetic field sensor unit for detecting variations in the magnetic flux density for the magnetic field. The sensor unit may be compact in size so that it can be positioned within a utility meter. The sensor unit may be operatively connected to a data-unit located outside the utility meter. The data unit may be further configured for storing processed or unprocessed sensor signals and is connected to a transmitter. To minimize power consumption, the magnetic field sensors may be configured to have sensor on times and sensor off times. The on/off state of the magnetic field sensors may be controlled by either a dedicated sensor controller or the data unit.
Claims 1. An apparatus for providing AMR capabilities to a utility meter metering the consumption of a resource, said apparatus comprising: at least two magnetic field sensors associated with a utility meter, wherein the utility meter generates a magnetic field that varies with the rate of resource consumption; wherein said at least two magnetic field sensors are located so that each of said at least two magnetic field sensors senses the magnetic flux at different points within said magnetic field; wherein said at least two magnetic field sensors are further configured to generate a sensor-signal comprising at least one of (i) a digital output signal representative of the magnetic flux density being sensed; and (ii) an analog output signal representative of the magnetic flux density being sensed; a data-unit operatively connected to said at least two magnetic field sensors, wherein said data-unit comprises a processor and a memory; a power source for supplying power to said data-unit; wherein said processor is configured to receive at least part of the sensor-signal generated by each magnetic field sensor operatively connected to the data-unit; wherein at least one magnetic field sensor is configured to have an on-state and an off-state; wherein said processor is further configured to turn off said at least one magnetic field sensor for a predefined sensor-off-time; and wherein said data-unit is operatively connected to a communications-device for transferring data from the data-unit to a remote location. 2. An apparatus for providing AMR capabilities to a utility meter as in claim 1, wherein said data-unit is configured to store sensor-data in said memory, said sensor-data comprising at least one of (i) processed senor-signals and (ii) unprocessed sensor-signals. 3. An apparatus for providing AMR capabilities to a utility meter as in claim 1, wherein each of said at least two magnetic field sensors comprise at least one member from the group consisting of: (a) a fluxgate magnetometer sensor; (b) a magnetoinductive magnetometer sensor; (c) magnetoresistive sensor; and (d) Hall Effect sensor. 4. An apparatus for providing AMR capabilities to a utility meter as in claim 1, wherein the data-unit supplies power to the at least two magnetic field sensors. 5. An apparatus for providing AMR capabilities to a utility meter as in claim 1, wherein the power source is a rechargeable battery and wherein said battery is recharged by an energy-converter. 6. An apparatus for providing AMR capabilities to a utility meter as in claim 5, wherein said energy-converter generates electricity by absorbing electromagnetic radiation. 7. An apparatus for providing AMR capabilities to a utility meter as in claim 6, wherein said energy-converter is a photovoltaic device. 8. An apparatus for providing AMR capabilities to a utility meter as in claim 1, wherein said data-unit is configured to monitor the status of said power source and generate power source status information. 9. An apparatus for providing AMR capabilities to a utility meter as in claim 8, wherein said data-unit is configured to transfer at least part of said power source status information to said remote location. 10. An apparatus for providing AMR capabilities to a utility meter as in claim 1, wherein said data-unit is configured to detect when a magnetic field sensor is generating an invalid sensor-signal. 11. An apparatus for providing AMR capabilities to a utility meter as in claim 10, wherein said data-unit is further configured to generate sensor-status-data comprising at least one of a counter value, a time stamp, and a duration-value. 12. An apparatus for providing AMR capabilities to a utility meter as in claim 11, wherein the data-unit is further configured to transfer at least part of said sensor-status-data to said remote location. 13. An apparatus for providing AMR capabilities to a utility meter as in claim 10, wherein the data-unit is further configured to initiate a system-diagnostic-test on at least one of (i) said processor, (ii) said memory, (iii) said power source, and (iv) said at least two magnetic field sensors. 14. An apparatus for providing AMR capabilities to a utility meter as in claim 13, wherein the data-unit is further configured to transfer to said remote location at least part of the test results from said system-diagnostic-test. 15. An apparatus for providing AMR capabilities to a utility meter as in claim 2, wherein said data-unit is programmed with at least one member from a group consisting of: (a) meter k factor; (b) meter identification number; (c) initial meter reading; (d) date and time; and (e) a communication protocol. 16. An apparatus for providing AMR capabilities to a utility meter as in claim 15, wherein said utility meter is one of a gas meter and a fluid meter. 17. An apparatus for providing AMR capabilities to a utility meter as in claim 16, wherein said data-unit is further configured to determine resource-consumption-data using said sensor-data and said meter k factor. 18. An apparatus for providing AMR capabilities to a utility meter as in claim 17, wherein said communications-device is one of a transmitter and a touch pad. 19. An apparatus for providing AMR capabilities to a utility meter as in claim 18, wherein said communications-device is further configured to transfer to said remote location at least part of the data from the group of data consisting of: (a) resource-consumption-data; (b) sensor-data; (c) meter k factor; and (d) meter identification number. 20. An apparatus for providing AMR capabilities to a fluid meter, said apparatus comprising: at least two magnetic field sensors configured to fit between the fluid chamber and the register of a fluid meter and wherein said at least two magnetic field sensors are positioned so that each magnetic field sensor senses the magnetic flux of a changing magnetic filed being generating by components within the fluid chamber, said changing magnetic field having a rate of change proportional to the rate of fluid flow through the fluid chamber, wherein each magnetic field sensor is configured to generate a sensor-signal reflective of the magnetic flux density being sensed by the respective magnetic field sensor; a data-unit operatively connected to at least two magnetic field sensors, said data-unit comprising a processor and a memory; wherein said data-unit is configured to receive at least part of said sensor-signal from each magnetic field sensor operatively connected to the data-unit; wherein said data-unit is configured to store sensor-data in said memory, said sensor-data comprising at least one of (i) processed sensor-signals and (ii) unprocessed sensor-signals; wherein at least one magnetic field sensor is configured to have an on-state and an off-state; wherein said data-unit is configured to place said at least one magnetic field sensor in said off-state for a predefined off-time; and wherein said data-unit is operatively connected to a communications-device configured to transfer data to a remote location. 21. An apparatus for providing AMR capabilities to a fluid meter as in claim 20, wherein said communications-device is a smart transmitter. 22. An apparatus for providing AMR capabilities to a fluid meter as in claim 20, wherein said at least two magnetic field sensors are positioned so that each respective magnetic field sensor senses the magnetic flux at different points within the changing magnetic field. 23. An apparatus for providing AMR capabilities to a fluid meter as in claim 22, wherein said data-unit is further configured to use at least part of said sensor-data to determine at least one of the number-of-changes-data and direction-of-change-data. 24. An apparatus for providing AMR capabilities to a utility meter as in claim 23, wherein said data-unit is programmable and wherein said data-unit is programmed with configuration-data, said configuration-data comprising at least one member from a group consisting of: (a) meter k factor; (b) meter identification number; (c) initial meter reading; (d) date and time; and (e) a communication protocol. 25. An apparatus for providing AMR capabilities to a utility meter as in claim 24, wherein said data-unit is further configured to determine resource-consumption-data using said number-of-changes-data, said direction-of-change-data, and said k factor. 26. An apparatus for providing AMR capabilities to a utility meter as in claim 25, wherein said data-unit is further configured to transfer to said remote location at least part of the data from the group of data consisting of: (a) resource-consumption-data; (b) sensor-data; (c) configuration-data; (d) number-of-changes-data; and (e) direction-of-change-data. 27. An apparatus for providing AMR capabilities to a utility meter as in claim 26, wherein said data-unit is further comprises a rechargeable battery connect to a photovoltaic-radome. 28. A magnetic field sensor unit for detecting a varying magnetic field, said sensor unit comprising: a first magnetic field sensor positioned within a sensor unit at a first location; a second magnetic field sensor positioned within said sensor unit at a second location; wherein said first magnetic field sensor is configured to generate a first-sensor-signal representative of the magnetic flux density at said first location; wherein said second magnetic field sensor is configured to generate a second-sensor-signal representative of the magnetic flux density at said second location; wherein said first-sensor-signal and said second-sensor-signal comprise at least one of (i) a digital signal and (ii) an analog signal; wherein each magnetic field sensor is operatively connected to a processor, said processor configured to receive the output signal of each magnetic field sensor operatively connected to the processor; wherein at least one magnetic field sensor has an on-state and an off-state; and wherein the on-state and the off-state of said at least one magnetic field sensor is controlled by one of (a) a sensor-controller operatively connected to said at least one magnetic field sensor and (b) said processor. 29. A magnetic field sensor unit as in claim 28, wherein said processor is located in a data-unit operatively connected to the magnetic field sensor unit. 30. A magnetic field sensor unit as in claim 29, wherein each of said at least two magnetic field sensors comprise one member from the group consisting of: (a) a fluxgate magnetometer sensor; (b) a magnetoinductive magnetometer sensor; (c) anisotropic magnetoresistive sensor; (d) magnetoresistors; and (e) Hall Effect sensor; 31. A magnetic field sensor unit as in claim 30, wherein said processor is operatively connected to a transmitter for transmitting data to a remote location. 32. A method for detecting a varying magnetic field, said method comprising the steps of: positioning a first magnetic field sensor within a varying magnetic field at a first location; positioning a second magnetic field sensor within a varying magnetic field at a second location; generating magnetic field sensor-signals representative of the magnetic flux density at said first location and said second location; operatively connecting a data-unit to said first magnet field sensor and said second magnetic field sensor, said data-unit comprising a processor and a memory; storing sensor-data in said memory, wherein said sensor-data comprises at least one of (i) processed sensor-signals and (ii) unprocessed sensor-signals; configuring at least one magnetic field sensor to have an on-state and an off-state and placing said at least one magnetic field sensor in the off-state during a predefined sensor-off-period; and transferring at least part of said sensor-data to a remote location using a communications-device operatively connected to said data-unit. 33. A method for detecting a varying magnetic field as in claim 32, further comprising the step of detecting when a magnetic field sensor is generating an invalid sensor signal and generating sensor-status-data, said sensor-status-data comprising at least one of a counter value, a time stamp, and a duration-value. 34. A method for detecting a varying magnetic field as in claim 33, further comprising the step of transferring at least part of said sensor-status-data to a remote location. 35. A method for detecting a varying magnetic field as in claim 33, further comprising the step of performing a system-diagnostic-test and transferring at least part of the test results to a remote location. 36. A method for providing AMR capabilities to a utility meter metering the consumption of a resource, wherein said utility meter generates a magnetic field that varies with the rate of resource consumption, said method comprising the steps of: associating a first magnetic field sensor circuit with a utility meter so that said first magnetic field sensor circuit senses the magnetic flux density of the varying magnetic field at a first location; associating a second magnetic field sensor circuit with said utility meter so that said second magnetic field sensor circuit senses the magnetic flux density of the varying magnetic field at a second location; turning said first magnetic field sensor circuit and said second magnetic field sensor circuit on during a predefined sensor-on-time for each respective magnetic field sensor circuit and generating sensors-signals reflective of the magnetic flux density being sensed by each respective magnetic field sensor circuit; turning said first magnetic field sensor circuit and said second magnetic field sensor circuit off during a predefined sensor-off-time for each respective magnetic field sensor; associating a data-unit with said first magnetic field sensor circuit and said second magnetic field sensor circuit, said data-unit comprising a processor and a memory; associating a power source with said data-unit; storing in said memory, sensor-data comprising one of (i) processed senor-signals and (ii) unprocessed sensor-signals; and associating a communications-device with said data-unit, said communications-device configured for transferring data from the data-unit to a remote location. 37. A method for providing AMR capabilities to a utility meter as in claim 36, further comprising the step of configuring said data-unit to supply power to said first magnetic field sensor circuit and said second magnetic field sensor circuit. 38. A method for providing AMR capabilities to a utility meter as in claim 37, wherein said power source is a rechargeable battery operatively connected to a photovoltaic device. 39. A method for providing AMR capabilities to a utility meter as in claim 36, further comprising the step of monitoring the status of said power source and generating power source status information and transferring the power source status information to a remote location. 40. A method for providing AMR capabilities to a utility meter as in claim 36, further comprising the step of programming said data-unit with at least one value from a group of values consisting of: (a) meter k factor; (b) meter identification number; (c) initial meter reading; (d) date and time; and (e) a communication protocol. 41. A method for providing AMR capabilities to a utility meter as in claim 40, further comprising the step of determining resource-consumption-data using said meter k factor and at least part of said sensor-data. 