The Hyd-RO-Secure.TM. System combines individual elements of aqueous and other fluid treatment technology into a treatment train including various devices for pre-treatment tailored to the source solution, a conventional reverse osmosis membrane treatment process, a RASco-designed Advanced Simultaneous Oxidation Process (ASOP.TM.), and various devices for post-treatment tailored to the characteristics of the end-user needs and demand patterns; wherein the combination of technologies create a unique system for safely and cost-effectively removing chemical, biological, or radiological contamination from aqueous solutions.
Claims 1. The ability to defeat Chemical, Biological, and Radiological (CBR) agents in aqueous and other fluid solutions and produce pure drinking water (meeting USEPA Safe Drinking Water Act standards) through the use of a uniquely configured, integrated treatment system. The integrated system functions as follows: a. Provides pre-treatment to prepare the aqueous or fluid solution physically and chemically using one or more carbon tanks, sized appropriately for the installation, and other pre-treatment devices as may be required for specific characteristics of the incoming water. The other devices could include, but are not limited to screens, particulate filters, activated carbon tanks, etc b. Provides primary treatment through one or more reverse osmosis (RO) filter units, which may be configured with RASco's Reverse Osmosis Multi Element Module (ROMEM, U.S. Pat. No. 4,476,015) c. Provides enhanced primary treatment through an Advanced Simultaneous Oxidation Process (ASOP) reactor as described in Provisional Patent Application No. 60/595,272, which includes an oxidation source, an ultraviolet radiation source, an oxidant diffusion device, and a reactor vessel to destroy contaminants remaining after the RO treatment d. Provides post-treatment through the use of devices such as: activated carbon tanks to adsorb any remaining organic and volatile organic chemicals and any remaining oxidant; a calcite tank to add minerals, improve taste, and adjust pH of the product; a chlorine injector to add residual disinfectant for water distribution systems; or other post-treatment as required by the specific installation and fluid treated. e. Provides enhanced post-treatment through an ion exchange tank (either inline or on standby) to help treat specific types of threat agent. 2. The capacity to identify incoming threat agents through sensors in the incoming aqueous stream and electronically signal a motor controlled valve to close the system, as part of an optional gateway module added to the integrated treatment system of claim 1. The sensors could include instruments for pH, Cl.sub.2, TDS, and radiation to identify the presence of incoming threat agents and the ability to activate a high-speed, motor controlled valve to close the system and divert the aqueous solution or fluid to a drain if appropriate, depending on the contaminant and concentration. 3. The capability of additional pre-treatment added to the integrated treatment system of claim 1. Depending on the characteristics of the incoming water supply or fluid stream such pretreatment could include screens, particulate filters, adjustment of hardness or softness, or other devices to physically and chemically prepare the incoming aqueous or fluid solution for the treatment process. 4. The ability to integrate system function and sequencing of the integrated treatment system of claim 1, with a programmable logic controller (PLC) to link, monitor, and manage all system components. Such controller could also provide both on site and remote system monitoring, and data logging to store and compile reports of operation for later operator/management analysis. 5. The capability of installing RO treatment units in the integrated treatment system of claim 1, without the ROMEM device, to allow for flexibility in configuration and placement of the units. 6. The capability of including additional post-treatment designed to condition the product solution to meet the needs of the specific needs of the user, integrated with the treatment system of claim 1. Such post-treatment could include: an ion-exchange tank to help treat certain types of threat agent; a calcite tank to add minerals to improve taste and adjust pH of drinking water; a chlorine injector to add residual disinfectant for a water distribution system; or other post-treatment as required by the specific installation. 7. The capability of aggregating all the options described in claims 2 through 6, or any combination of those options to supplement the integrated aqueous solution treatment system of claim 1. 8. The ability to configure the integrated treatment system of claim 1, as a self-contained unit, including power from a portable electric generator (either powered by renewable energy such as solar or wind, or by conventional fossil-fuel based generators), mounted in a wheeled vehicle (trailer, van, or truck) for mobile deployment and operation. 9. The ability to mount the integrated aqueous solution treatment system of claim 1, in a surface or undersea vessel to provide shipboard potable water or decontaminate wastewater. 10. The capability of configuring the integrated treatment system of claim 1, as a skid mounted, self-contained unit, designed for air, rail, water vessel, or truck transport and delivery. 11. The capability of configuring the integrated treatment system of claim 1, as sub-system modules designed for flexibility in fitting into fixed spaces and openings in existing structures, which modules are then connected into the integrated system. 12. A fixed installation of the integrated aqueous solution treatment system of claim 1, designed to serve a specific fixed facility. 