A floating support structure for a solar panel array having flotation elements and a tubular support structure disposed above the flotation elements for adjustably mounting at least one solar collector panel. Connector tubes and connector rings are provided near the base of the support structure for joining adjoining floating support structures.
Claims 1. A floating support structure for a solar panel array, comprising: first and second elongate flotation elements having front and rear ends; connector tubes extending longitudinally from said front and rear ends of said elongate flotation elements, each of said connector tubes having a distal end; front and rear connector rings disposed on said end of each of said connector tubes; at least two upright supports having upper and lower ends, one each of said upright supports disposed proximate said first and second flotation elements; panel frame tube mounting means disposed at the upper end of each of said upright support; a solar panel frame tube mounted on said panel frame tube mounting means and disposed generally between said flotation elements, and journalled at its ends in said panel frame tube mounting means; and one or more rails attached to said solar panel frame tube for mounting a solar panel. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, further including at least one transverse tube disposed between and connected to each of said upright supports. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said front connector rings are oriented generally perpendicular to said rear connector rings. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein at least two of said front and rear connector rings include a hinge element that allows the rings to capture rings in an adjacent floating support structure. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said connector rings having a hinge element are carabineers. 6. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein at least two of said connector rings are rigid. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said upright supports are affixed at their lower ends to said connector tubes longitudinal extensions or to the flotation element, and which angle inwardly toward one another to join or substantially join at their respective upper ends, 8. The apparatus of claim 1, further including at least one side connector ring disposed along the length of each of said flotation elements or said connector tubes. 9. The apparatus of claim 1, further including side connection means to connect the sides of adjoining support structures. 10. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said side connection means is a side connection bar, comprising a tube or bar having carbineer elements disposed on each end. 11. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said upright supports comprise tubes angling toward one another at their respective upper ends, and wherein said panel frame tube mounting means comprises spaced apart plates affixed to said upper ends, each of said plates including a hole through which the end of said solar panel frame tube is journalled. 12. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein said solar panel frame tube is circular in cross section and is rotatable at its journalled ends. 13. The apparatus of claim 12, further including adjustment/locking means for permitting the selective release, rotation, and re-locking of said solar panel frame tube. 14. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein said adjustment/locking means is a pawl and ratchet. 15. A solar panel array, comprising a plurality of floating support structures for a solar panel array as described in claim 1, each of said floating support structures joined to at least one adjacent floating support structure at a front connector or rear connector. 16. The array of claim 15, further including at least one side connector disposed between side-by-side floating support structures and connecting at least one floating support structure to at least one other floating support structure. 