A mobile video surveillance system includes a waterproof housing with an optically transparent window for a digital camera. The housing includes an internal power supply attached to the camera and an internal radio for wirelessly transmitting a picture signal. The camera may produce still images or movies. The radio may be a high-speed, secure, Ethernet radio. A receiver sends the picture signals to a computer network for viewing with a standard web browser, PDA, or dedicated monitoring system. The camera is remotely-controllable, through the radio, for pan, tilt, zoom, frame rate, and image quality. The window may be a hemispherical dome, incorporated into and protruding from the housing. The housing is shock-resistant, waterproof and impervious to changes in barometric pressure and humidity. A solar power generator may be attached to the power supply, and the solar panel may be incorporated into at least one exterior surface of the housing.
Claims 1. A mobile video surveillance system, comprising: a waterproof housing, comprising an optically transparent window; a power supply inside the housing; a digital camera inside the housing and attached to the power supply, where the camera receives light and images through the window; and a radio linked to the camera and the power supply, where the radio wirelessly transmits a picture signal. 2. The mobile video surveillance system of claim 1, where the digital camera produces a plurality of digital still images. 3. The mobile video surveillance system of claim 1, where the digital camera produces motion videos. 4. The mobile video surveillance system of claim 1, further comprising a solar power generator attached to the power supply. 5. The mobile video surveillance system of claim 4, where the solar power generator is incorporated into at least one exterior surface of the housing. 6. The mobile video surveillance system of claim 1, where the radio is a high-speed, secure, Ethernet radio. 7. The mobile video surveillance system of claim 1, where the picture signal is received at a computer server that is accessible through a network. 8. The mobile video surveillance system of claim 7, where the picture signal is viewable via a standard web browser, PDA, or dedicated monitoring system. 9. The mobile video surveillance system of claim 1, where the camera is remotely controllable. 10. The mobile video surveillance system of claim 9, where the radio receives control signals from a remote user. 11. The mobile video surveillance system of claim 9, where the camera is remotely controllable for pan, tilt and zoom. 12. The mobile video surveillance system of claim 9, where the camera is remotely controllable for frame rate. 13. The mobile video surveillance system of claim 9, where the camera is remotely controllable for image quality. 14. The mobile video surveillance system of claim 1, where the window is a generally hemispherical dome, incorporated into and protruding from the housing. 15. The mobile video surveillance system of claim 1, where the housing is shock-resistant. 16. The mobile video surveillance system of claim 1, where the housing is waterproof. 17. The mobile video surveillance system of claim 1, where the housing is impervious to changes in barometric pressure and humidity. 18. A mobile video surveillance system, comprising: a waterproof housing, comprising an optically transparent window; a power supply inside the housing; a remotely-controllable digital camera inside the housing and attached to the power supply, where the camera receives light and images through the window; and a radio linked to the camera and the power supply, where the radio wirelessly transmits a picture signal and receives control signals for the camera. 19. The mobile video surveillance system of claim 18, where the window is a generally hemispherical dome, incorporated into and protruding from the housing. 20. The mobile video surveillance system of claim 18, where the radio is a high-speed, secure, Ethernet radio. 21. The mobile video surveillance system of claim 18, where the digital camera produces a plurality of digital still images. 22. The mobile video surveillance system of claim 18, where the digital camera produces motion videos. 23. The mobile video surveillance system of claim 18, where the picture signal is received at a computer server that is accessible through a network. 24. The mobile video surveillance system of claim 23, where the picture signal is viewable via a standard web browser, PDA, or dedicated monitoring system. 25. The mobile video surveillance system of claim 18, where the camera is remotely controllable for pan, tilt and zoom. 26. The mobile video surveillance system of claim 18, where the camera is remotely controllable for frame rate. 27. The mobile video surveillance system of claim 18, where the camera is remotely controllable for image quality. 28. The mobile video surveillance system of claim 18, where the housing a comprises a plurality of substantially flat sides where that housing made be placed in a plurality of orientations. 29. The mobile video surveillance system of claim 29, where the camera is operable in any housing orientation. 