A method, system and RF tag for tracking and locating travel bags during their shipment (e.g. by airlines) by providing owner's identification, destination, historical, and other pedigree information about such shipped travel bags. The RF travel tags are active (e.g. battery or solar cell powered), operate at low radio frequencies, below 15 MHz (e.g. 128 kHz), and comprise a large storage device which stores information. The stored information comprises both identification information that identifies said travel bag and an owner (e.g. name, address) thereof and database information concerning characteristics of the travel bag, the database information including the destination, origin, travel history of the bag, and historical characteristics of said travel bag. The RF travel bag tag has a first loop antenna, a transceiver operatively connected with the first antenna and operable to receive a first RF interrogation signal at a low frequency not exceeding 15 MHz (e.g. 128 kHz) from a first reader and to transmit RF signals in response.
Claims 1. A method for accessing information about a travel bag during shipment thereof (e.g. via airline), said method comprising the steps of: a) associating a radio frequency (RF) travel bag tag with said travel bag, the aforesaid travel bag RF tag comprising a travel bag data storage device operable to store information, the stored information comprising both identification information that identifies said travel bag and an owner (e.g. name, address) thereof and database information concerning characteristics of the travel bag, the aforesaid database information being selected from information concerning the destination, origin, travel history of bag, and historical characteristics of said travel bag, the aforesaid RF travel bag tag further comprising a first loop antenna, a transceiver operatively connected with said first antenna and operable to receive a first RF interrogation signal at a low frequency not exceeding 15 MHz (e.g. 128 kHz) from a first reader and to transmit RF signals in response thereto, a microprocessor operable to control data flow between said data storage device and said transceiver in response to said RF interrogation signal, and an energy storage device for providing energy to said transceiver, data storage device, and said microprocessor; b) interrogating said RF travel bag tag with said first RF interrogation signal from said first reader to obtain said stored information. 2. A method as set forth in claim 1, said RF travel bag tag further comprising a display (e.g. LCD) for displaying a selection of said stored information upon carrying out interrogation step (b). 3. A method as set forth in claim 1, said RF travel bag tag further comprising an indicator device (e.g. an LED) operable to provide an indication (e.g. flashing light, buzzing sound) in response to interrogation of said RF travel bag tag upon carrying out interrogation step (b) by using said first RF interrogation signal. 4. A method as set forth in claim 1, said travel bag being disposed at a first level repository (e.g. pallet/ULD), said method further comprising a step of associating a first level RF tag with said first level repository, said first level RF tag comprising a first level data storage device operable to store first level information, the first level stored information comprising both first level identification information that identifies said first level repository and said travel bag disposed thereat and first level database information concerning characteristics of said first level repository, said first level database information being selected from information concerning the destination, origin, and historical characteristics of said first level repository, said first level RF tag further comprising a second loop antenna, a second transceiver operatively connected to said second antenna and operable to receive a second RF interrogation signal at a low frequency not exceeding 15 MHz (e.g. 128 kHz) from second reader and to transmit RF signals in response thereto, a first level microprocessor operable to control data flow between said first level data storage device and said second transceiver in response to said second RF interrogation signal, and an energy source (e.g. battery, solar cell, transponder, directly connected external power) for providing energy to said second transceiver, first level data storage device, and said first level microprocessor; b) interrogating said first level RF tag with said second interrogation signal from a said reader to obtain said first level stored information. 5. A method as set forth in claim 4, said travel bag being disposed at a first level repository (e.g. pallet/ULD), said first level repository being disposed at a higher level repository (e.g. airplane, warehouse baggage room), said method further comprising a step of associating a higher level RF tag with said higher level repository, said higher level RF tag serving as said second reader and comprising a higher level data storage device operable to store higher level information, the stored higher level information comprising both identification information that identifies said higher level repository (e.g. airplane) and said first level repository (e.g. ULD) stored thereat and database information concerning characteristics of said higher level repository, said database information being selected from information concerning the destination, origin, and historical characteristics of said higher level repository, said higher level RF tag further comprising a third loop antenna, a third transceiver operatively connected to said third loop antenna and operable to transmit said second RF interrogation signal at said low frequency to said first level RF tag, a higher level microprocessor operable to control data flow between said higher level data storage device and said third, and an energy source (e.g. battery, solar cell, transponder, directly connected external power) for providing energy to said third transceiver, higher level data storage device, and said higher level microprocessor. 6. A method as set forth in claim 1, said second reader being in operative communication with a central monitoring station (e.g. via the internet from the second reader's IP address). 7. A method as set forth in claim 1, further comprising the step of c) transmitting said RF signals (e.g. by cable or by high frequency RF) from said transceiver at step (a) to a central monitoring station for auditable recording thereat (e.g. on a write-once-only CD). 8. A method as set forth in claim 6, further comprising the step of c) transmitting said RF signals (e.g. by cable or by high frequency RF) from said transceiver at step (a) to a central monitoring station for auditable recording thereat (e.g. on a write-once-only CD). 9. A system for accessing information about a travel bag during shipment thereof (e.g. via airline), said system comprising: a) a radio frequency (RF) travel bag tag associated with said travel bag, the aforesaid travel bag RF tag comprising a travel bag data storage device operable to store information, the stored information comprising both identification information that identifies said travel bag and an owner (e.g. name, address) thereof and database information concerning characteristics of the travel bag, the aforesaid database information being selected from information concerning the destination, origin, travel history of bag, and historical characteristics of said travel bag, the aforesaid RF travel bag tag further comprising a first loop antenna, a transceiver operatively connected with said first antenna and operable to receive a first RF interrogation signal at a low frequency not exceeding 15 MHz (e.g. 128 kHz) from a first reader and to transmit RF signals in response thereto, a microprocessor operable to control data flow between said data storage device and said transceiver in response to said RF interrogation signal, and an energy storage device for providing energy to said transceiver, data storage device, and said microprocessor; b) a said first reader interrogating said RF travel bag tag with said first RF interrogation signal to obtain said stored information. 10. A system as set forth in claim 9, said RF travel bag tag further comprising a display (e.g. LCD) for displaying a selection of said stored information upon carrying out interrogation step (b). 11. A method as set forth in claim 9, said RF travel bag tag further comprising an indicator device (e.g. an LED) operable to provide an indication (e.g. flashing light, buzzing sound) in response to interrogation of said RF travel bag tag upon carrying out interrogation step (b) by using said first RF interrogation signal. 12. A system as set forth in claim 9, said travel bag being disposed at a first level repository (e.g. pallet/ULD), said first level RF tag being associated with said first level repository, said first level RF tag comprising a first level data storage device operable to store first level information, the first level stored information comprising both first level identification information that identifies said first level repository and said travel bag disposed thereat and first level database information concerning characteristics of said first level repository, said first level database information being selected from information concerning the destination, origin, and historical characteristics of said first level repository, said first level RF tag further comprising a second loop antenna, a second transceiver operatively connected to said second antenna and operable to receive a second RF interrogation signal at a low frequency not exceeding 15 MHz (e.g. 128 kHz) from second reader and to transmit RF signals in response thereto, a first level microprocessor operable to control data flow between said first level data storage device and said second transceiver in response to said second RF interrogation signal, and an energy source (e.g. battery, solar cell, transponder, directly connected external power) for providing energy to said second transceiver, first level data storage device, and said first level microprocessor; b) a said second reader operable for interrogating said first level RF tag with said second interrogation signal to obtain said first level stored information. 13. A system as set forth in claim 12, said travel bag being disposed at a first level repository (e.g. pallet/ULD), said first level repository being disposed at a higher level repository (e.g. airplane, warehouse baggage room), said system further comprising a higher level RF tag associated with said higher level repository, said higher level RF tag serving as said second reader and comprising a higher level data storage device operable to store higher level information, the stored higher level information comprising both identification information that identifies said higher level repository (e.g. airplane) and said first level repository (e.g. ULD) stored thereat and database information concerning characteristics of said higher level repository, said database information being selected from information concerning the destination, origin, and historical characteristics of said higher level repository, said higher level RF tag further comprising a third loop antenna, a third transceiver operatively connected to said third loop antenna and operable to transmit said second RF interrogation signal at said low frequency to said first level RF tag, a higher level microprocessor operable to control data flow between said higher level data storage device and said third, and an energy source (e.g. battery, solar cell, transponder, directly connected external power) for providing energy to said third transceiver, higher level data storage device, and said higher level microprocessor. 14. A system as set forth in claim 13, said second reader being in operative communication with a central monitoring station (e.g. via the internet from the second reader's IP address). 15. For use in a system for accessing information about a travel bag during shipment (e.g. via airline) thereof, a radio frequency (RF) travel bag tag operable to be associated with said travel bag, said RF travel bag tag comprising a data storage device operable to store information, the stored information comprising both identification information that identifies said travel bag and database information concerning characteristics of said travel bag, said database information being selected from information concerning the destination, origin, identification (e.g. name, address) of owner, travel history of bag and owner, and historical characteristics of said travel bag, said RF travel bag tag further comprising a first loop antenna, a transceiver operatively connected with said first loop antenna and operable to receive an RF interrogation signal, at a low frequency not exceeding 15 MHz (e.g. 128 kHz), from a first reader and to transmit RF signals in response thereto, a microprocessor operable to control data flow between said data storage device and said transceiver in response to said RF interrogation signal, and an energy storage device for providing energy to said transceiver, data storage device, and said microprocessor. 16. An RF travel bag tag as set forth in claim 15, said RF travel bag tag further comprising a display (e.g. LCD) for displaying a selection of said stored information upon carrying out interrogation step (b). 17. An RF travel bag tag as set forth in claim 15, said RF travel bag tag further comprising an indicator device (e.g. an LED) operable to provide an indication (e.g. flashing light, buzzing sound) in response to interrogation of said RF travel bag tag upon carrying out interrogation step (b) by using said first RF interrogation signal. 18. A first level RF tag for use in a system for accessing information about a travel bag during shipment thereof, said travel bag having attached thereto a travel bag RF tag as set forth in claim 15, said travel bag being disposed at a first level repository (e.g. pallet/ULD), said first level RF tag being associated with said first level repository, said first level RF tag comprising a first level data storage device operable to store first level information, the first level stored information comprising both first level identification information that identifies said first level repository and said travel bag disposed thereat and first level database information concerning characteristics of said first level repository, said first level database information being selected from information concerning the destination, origin, and historical characteristics of said first level repository, said first level RF tag further comprising a second loop antenna, a second transceiver operatively connected to said second antenna and operable to receive a second RF interrogation signal at a low frequency not exceeding 15 MHz (e.g. 128 kHz) from a second reader and to transmit RF signals in response thereto, a first level microprocessor operable to control data flow between said first level data storage device and said second transceiver in response to said second RF interrogation signal, and an energy source (e.g. battery, solar cell, transponder, directly connected external power) for providing energy to said second transceiver, first level data storage device, and said first level microprocessor; said second reader being operable for interrogating said first level RF tag with said second interrogation signal to obtain said first level stored information. 19. A higher level RF tag for use in a system for accessing information about a travel bag during shipment thereof, said travel bag being disposed at a first level repository (e.g. pallet/ULD), said first level repository comprising a first level RF tag as set forth in claim 18, said first level repository being disposed at a higher level repository (e.g. airplane, warehouse baggage room), said higher level RF tag associated with said higher level repository, said higher level RF tag serving as said second reader and comprising a higher level data storage device operable to store higher level information, the stored higher level information comprising both identification information (that identifies said higher level repository (e.g. airplane), said first level repository (e.g. ULD) stored thereat, and said travel bag stored at said first level repository) and database information concerning characteristics of said higher level repository, said database information being selected from information concerning the destination, origin, and historical characteristics of said higher level repository, said higher level RF tag further comprising a third loop antenna, a third transceiver operatively connected to said third loop antenna and operable to transmit said second RF interrogation signal at said low frequency to said first level RF tag, a higher level microprocessor operable to control data flow between said higher level data storage device and said third, and an energy source (e.g. battery, solar cell, transponder, directly connected external power) for providing energy to said third transceiver, higher level data storage device, and said higher level microprocessor. 20. A tag as set forth in claim 15, said first/second reader being in operative communication with a central monitoring station (e.g. via the internet from the second reader's IP address). 21. A tag as set forth in claim 16, said first/second reader being in operative communication with a central monitoring station (e.g. via the internet from the second reader's IP address). 22. A tag as set forth in claim 17, said first/second reader being in operative communication with a central monitoring station (e.g. via the internet from the second reader's IP address). 23. A tag as set forth in claim 18, said first/second reader being in operative communication with a central monitoring station (e.g. via the internet from the second reader's IP address). 24. A method of determining whether a repository (e.g. hold of an airplane, airport baggage room), which includes a plurality of travel bags each bearing an RFID tag, includes an unrecorded travel bag which is not known to be present at said repository, said method comprising the steps of: a) transmitting an interrogation signal corresponding to an identity code of each travel bag that is known to be included at said repository, said interrogation signal being operable to evoke a confirmatory response signal operable to confirm the presence, in said repository (e.g. hold of an airplane, airport baggage room), of a travel bag bearing an RFID tag which stores said identity code; b) programming each of said RFID tags to automatically emit a volunteer stowaway signal only in the event that each of said RFID tags has not emitted a said confirmatory response signal within a selected period of time. 25. A method as set forth in claim 24, wherein programming step (b) requires each of said RFID tags to emit said stowaway signal upon transmission thereto of a selected interrogation signal. 26. A method as set forth in claim 25, wherein said selected interrogation signal corresponds to an identity code that does not match an identity code of any RFID tag borne by any travel bag at said repository. 27. An RFID tag borne by each travel bag at a repository (e.g. hold of an airplane, airport baggage room), said RFID tag comprising: a) a data storage device operable to store the identification (ID) code of said RFID tag, b) an RF transceiver operable to acknowledge receipt of an interrogation signal corresponding to said ID code, said RF transceiver being operable to automatically emit a stowaway signal unless said RFID tag has received an interrogation signal corresponding to said ID code within a selected period of time, said stowaway signal being used as an indication that said travel bag is not known to be present at said repository. 28. An RFID tag as set forth in claim 27, wherein said stowaway signal is emitted upon receiving a selected interrogation signal. 29. An RFID tag as set forth in claim 28, wherein said selected interrogation signal corresponds to an identity code that does not match an identity code of any RFID tag borne by any travel bag at said repository (e.g. hold of an airplane, airport baggage room). 30. A system for determining whether a repository (e.g. hold of an airplane, airport baggage room), which includes a plurality of travel bags each bearing an RFID tag, contains an unrecorded travel bag which is not known to be present at said repository, said system comprising: a) a reader operable to transmit an interrogation signal corresponding to an identity code of each RFID tag that is known to be present at said repository, b) a data storage device within each of said RFID tags for storing an identity code thereof, c) a transceiver within each of said RFID tags, said transceiver being operable to transmit a confirmatory response signal in response to said interrogation signal when said interrogation signal corresponds to an identity code stored in the storage device of each of said RFID tags, for confirming the presence of a travel bag bearing an RFID tag which stores said identity code, said transceiver being operable to transmit automatically a volunteer stowaway signal only in the event that said transceiver has not emitted a said confirmatory response signal within a selected period of time, and an energy storage device (e.g. battery, solar cell) operable to energize said transceiver. 31. A system as set forth in claim 30, wherein each said transceiver is operable to transmit said stowaway signal upon transmission thereto of a selected interrogation signal. 32. A system as set forth in claim 31, wherein said selected interrogation signal corresponds to an identity code that does not match an identity code of any RFID tag borne by any travel bag at said repository (e.g. hold of an airplane, airport baggage room). 33. A travel bag operable for communicating wireless radio frequency (RF) signals, said travel bag comprising an antenna integrated therewith. 34. A travel bag as set forth in claim 33, said integrated antenna being embedded into said travel bag. 35. A travel bag as set forth in claim 33, said integrated antenna having a dimension thereof that is substantially as large as a dimension of said travel bag. 36. A travel bag as set forth in claim 33, said RF signals having a frequency not exceeding 15 MHz (e.g. 128 kHz). 37. A travel bag as set forth in claim 35, said travel bag further comprising an RFID tag attached thereto (e.g. integrated therewith), said RFID tag comprising a transceiver operable to transmit wireless RF signals to said integrated antenna. 38. A travel bag as set forth in claim 33, said travel bag further comprising an RFID tag attached thereto (e.g. integrated therewith), said RFID tag comprising a transceiver and a (preferably much smaller than the integrated antenna) tag antenna operable to transmit wireless RF signals to said integrated antenna. 39. A travel bag as set forth in claim 38, said RFID tag being passive and further comprising a receiver, a microprocessor, a data storage device operable to store a selected code (e.g. an ID code to identify said travel bag or said product), and an energy storage device operable to energize said RFID tag, said tag antenna being operable to receive incoming wireless RF signals from said integrated antenna and to communicate them to said receiver, said receiver being operable to communicate them to said microprocessor, said microprocessor being operable to read said selected code (e.g. said ID code) from said data storage device in response to a selected set of said incoming wireless RF signals and to transmit said selected code wirelessly from said tag antenna to said integrated antenna, said integrated antenna being operable thereupon to transmit said ID code wirelessly to a field antenna. 40. A travel bag as set forth in claim 33, said travel bag comprising an RFID tag embedded therein. 41. A travel bag as set forth in claim 36, wherein said embedded antenna comprises a ferrite loop. 42. A travel bag as set forth in claim 33, said integrated antenna comprising a loop integrated into said travel bag in each of two substantially orthogonal dimensions thereof. 43. A travel bag as set forth in claim 35, said antenna being a loop antenna designed for superior strength of signal reception by having dimensions thereof scaled to dimensions of said travel bag. 44. A travel bag as set forth in claim 37, said travel bag comprising an energy storage device integrated therewith and operable to energize said RFID tag. 45. A travel bag as set forth in claim 37, said RFID tag disposed on a surface of said container and operable to generate a sealing signal indicating sealing of said container upon shrink-wrapping thereof. 46. A travel bag as set forth in claim 35, said RFID tag further comprising a sensor disposed within said container and operable to generate a signal characteristic of a condition experienced by said product. 47. A travel bag as set forth in claim 46, said condition being selected from travel bag location (e.g. GPS coordinates), temperature, light exposure, weight, humidity, and shock impulse (jog). 