A solar circulator and converter which is driven by a solar generator; the fan or impeller is mounted in an impeller housing. On the surface opposite the impeller housing is a solar panel with mounting elements which can be affixed or mounted on such things as car windows. The impeller or fan blows and circulates air inside the car whether the car is stationery or in motion. The circulator also converts part of the solar radiation into forms of energy other than heat and thereby reduces temperature.
Claims 1. An air circulation fan assembly comprising: a housing having a first side and a second side; a solar panel mounted to the first side; a first mounting element fixed to the first side; an electrical motor mounted to the second side, said electrical motor electrically connected with the solar panel; and a fan having a central hub operatively connected to the electrical motor, said central hub having a plurality of fan blades. 2. The air circulation fan assembly of claim 1, wherein the housing forms an elongate structure having the first mounting element fixed at a first end and a second mounting element fixed to a second end, said solar panel is mounted intermediate the first mounting element and the second mounting element. 3. The air circulation fan assembly of claim 1, wherein the solar panel is mounted such that it covers a central portion of the first side of the housing, and wherein the motor is mounted such that it covers a central portion of the second side of the housing. 4. The air circulation fan assembly of claim 1, wherein the first mounting element is fixed to a glass window. 5. The air circulation fan assembly of claim 1, wherein the electrical motor is a DC motor. 6. The air circulation fan assembly of claim 1, wherein the solar panel is selected from solar panels constructed of a monocrystalline, polycrystalline, or amorphous material. 7. The air circulation fan assembly of claim 1, wherein the base and solar panel blocks a significant amount of solar radiation and converts a portion of the solar radiation into electrical energy. 8. The air circulation fan assembly of claim 1, wherein the first mounting element is a suction cup. 9. A vehicle compartment air circulator fan and vehicle window assembly comprising: a vehicle having a closed compartment which includes a window an air circulator housing mounted inside the closed compartment, said air circulator housing having a first side and a second side; a solar panel, having a power output, mounted to the first side of the air circulator housing; and an electrical motor in mechanical connection with a fan having a central hub, said central hub having a plurality of fan blades, said electrical motor electrically connected to the power output. 10. The vehicle compartment air circulation fan and vehicle window assembly of claim 9, wherein the electrical motor is mounted within a motor housing protruding from the second side of the air circulator housing. 11. The vehicle compartment air circulation fan and vehicle window assembly of claim 9, wherein the solar panel is mounted to the first side of the air circulator housing by a retaining bracket. 12. The vehicle compartment air circulation fan and vehicle window assembly of claim 9, wherein the solar panel operatively occludes a portion of the window. 