An apparatus is provided to condition the air of a selected area. A portable A/C system encloses a reduced space area and condition the air within the enclosed reduced space area. An adjustable mechanism is also provided to selectively readjust the size of the portable A/C system to enclose a plurality of areas having different sizes of width and length.
Claims 1. An adjustable/portable AC system comprising: a frame defining an enclosed space having an internal environmental condition; and at least one adjusting element that selectively modifies at least one of: a volume enclosed by said frame and an area enclosed by said frame. 2. The adjustable/portable AC system of claim 1, further comprising at least one thermal insulating layer selectively connected adjacent said frame. 3. The adjustable/portable AC system of claim 2, wherein said at least one thermal insulating layer comprises a lightweight flexible material. 4. The adjustable/portable AC system of claim, 2 wherein said at least one thermal insulating layer is selected from the group comprising at least one of: a thermal insulating sheet, a thermal insulating curtain or a combination thereof. 5. The adjustable/portable AC system of claim 2, wherein said at least one thermal insulating layer is made of a thermoplastic material. 6. The adjustable/portable AC system of claim 2, wherein said at least one thermal insulating layer is selectively configured to surround at least one of: the volume enclosed by said frame and the area enclosed by said frame. 7. The adjustable/portable AC system of claim 2, wherein said at least one thermal insulating layer comprises at least one of: a colored layer and a translucent layer. 8. The adjustable/portable AC system of claim 1, wherein said frame further comprises a top portion and at least one leg portion selectively connected adjacent to said top portion. 9. The adjustable/portable AC system of claim 1, wherein said frame further comprises at least one opening selectively adapted to receive at least of: air, a gas, an inert gas or a combination thereof. 10. The adjustable/portable AC system of claim 1, wherein said top portion comprises a removable cover. 11. The adjustable/portable AC system of claim 10, wherein said removable cover comprises at least one of: a single covering element, a plurality of interconnected covering elements, or a combination thereof. 12. The adjustable/portable AC system of claim 1, wherein said frame is made from at least one of: a lightweight rigid material, a thermally insulating material, or a combination thereof. 13. The adjustable/portable AC system of claim 1, wherein said frame comprises at least partially of a heat reflective material. 14. The adjustable/portable AC system of claim 1, further comprising an air conditioning device connected with respect to said frame comprising at least one of: an air cooling unit, a temperature control unit, a humidity control unit, an air recycling unit, a freshness control unit, a fan, a heating element, a heat dissipating unit, or a combination thereof. 15. The adjustable/portable AC system of claim 1, wherein said internal environmental condition is maintained by at least one of: internal air conditioning device, an external air conditioning device or a combination thereof. 16. The adjustable/portable AC system of claim 1, further comprising an air distribution portion selectively distributing air inside said enclosed space. 17. The adjustable/portable AC system of claim 1, further comprising a control unit for selectively monitoring and modifying said environmental condition; and a user interface selectively connected to said control unit. 18. The adjustable/portable AC system of claim 14, wherein said air conditioning device comprises a low-wattage consumption unit rated to operate at 5 kW or less. 19. The adjustable/portable AC system of claim 14, wherein said air conditioning device comprises at least one of: an AC powered unit, a DC powered unit, or a combination thereof. 20. The adjustable/portable AC system of claim 14, further comprising a back-up power source to selectively power said air conditioning device in case of a primary power failure, wherein said back-up power source is selected from the group comprising at least one of: a battery, a capacitor, a DC generator, a AC generator, solar source, hydro-electric source, gas-powered source, fuel-powered source, fuel cell or a combination thereof. 21. The adjustable/portable AC system of claim 1, wherein said at least one adjustable element is selectively coupled between said frame and said at least one leg element. 22. The adjustable/portable AC system of claim 1, wherein said at least one adjustable element comprises at least one of: a slideable element, complementing serrated element, a telescopic element, or a combination thereof. 23. The adjustable/portable AC system of claim 1, wherein said at least one adjustable element is selectively actuated to change at least one of: a distance, a dimension or a combination thereof, with respect to said frame. 24. The adjustable/portable AC system of claim 8, further comprising at least one latching element to selectively latch said at least one leg portion with respect to said frame. 25. The adjustable/portable AC system of claim 1, further comprising attachments connected adjacent with respect to said frame, wherein said attachments comprises at least one of: a smoke detector, an alarm system, a communication system, a fire retardation system, air freshener, ionizer, lighting system, music system, entertainment system, telephone system, storing space, shelving space, a computer access system, or a combination thereof. 