A display with light elements comprises a substrate layer and a display layer. The substrate layer comprises a power source, a plurality of light elements interconnected to the power source, and a controller interconnected to the power source and light elements. The substrate layer may be formed of flexible material. The controller is operable to activate at least a first light element to a different illumination state relative to at least a second light element. The display layer is interconnected to the substrate, covers at least a substantial portion of the substrate, said contains text and/or graphics covering at least a substantial portion thereof. The display layer may be formed of flexible material. At least one of the light sources is visible through the display layer when the light source is activated. The power source may include a solar cell and/or a battery. In embodiments in which the power source comprises both a battery and solar cell, the solar cell may be used to recharge the battery to operate the light elements and controller in low light conditions.
Claims 1. A display with light elements, comprising: a substrate layer, comprising: a self-contained power source; a plurality of light elements; a controller operably interconnected to said power source and said light elements, and operable to activate at least a first light element to a different illumination state relative to at least a second light element; and a display layer interconnected to said substrate and covering at least a substantial portion of a first side of said substrate, said display layer comprising text and/or graphics covering at least a substantial portion thereof, wherein at least one of said light sources are visible through said display layer when said light source is activated. 2. The display, as claimed in claim 1, wherein said power source comprises a solar cell. 3. The display, as claimed in claim 1, wherein said power source comprises a battery and a solar cell, wherein said solar cell is operable to recharge said battery. 4. The display, as claimed in claim 1, further comprising: a mounting layer operably interconnected to a second side of said substrate, said second side opposite said first side, wherein said mounting layer is operable to secure said display to a structure. 5. The display, as claimed in claim 4, wherein said mounting layer comprises at least one of an adhesive, a hook and loop material, and a magnet. 6. The display, as claimed in claim 1, further comprising: a mounting layer operably interconnected to said display layer and operable to secure said display to a structure. 7. The display, as claimed in claim 1, wherein said light sources comprise light emitting diodes. 8. The display, as claimed in claim 1, wherein said controller is programmable to change at least one of a sequence and an intensity of activation of said light sources. 9. The display, as claimed in claim 8, wherein said substrate further comprises a switch operably interconnected with said controller, wherein said controller is preprogrammed with at least two lighting sequences, said sequences selectable by actuating said switch in a predetermined sequence. 10. The display, as claimed in claim 8, wherein said substrate further comprises a programming port adapted to be interconnected to an external programming device. 11. The display, as claimed in claim 8, wherein said substrate further comprises: a receiver operably interconnected to said controller, said receiver operable to receive signals and provide a programming signal contained in the signals to said controller. 12. The display, as claimed in claim 11, wherein said receiver comprises an antenna and an RF demodulator. 13. The display, as claimed in claim 11, wherein said receiver comprises an optical sensor. 14. The display, as claimed in claim 1, wherein said substrate further comprises a motion detector operable to activate a sequence of light source activations when motion is detected. 15. The display, as claimed in claim 1, wherein said substrate further comprises a voice recognition sensor operable to activate a sequence of light source activations when sound is detected. 16. The display, as claimed in claim 1, wherein said substrate further comprises a timer operable to deactivate said controller upon the expiration of a predetermined time period following activation of said controller and light sources. 17. The display, as claimed in claim 1, wherein the display is a bumper sticker for an automobile. 18. The display, as claimed in claim 1, wherein the display is a poster mounted on a wall and/or visible through a window. 19. A flexible lighted display, comprising: a flexible substrate layer, comprising: a power source; a plurality of light elements; a controller operably interconnected to said power source and said light elements, and operable to activate at least a first light element to a different illumination state relative to at least a second light element; and a display layer interconnected to said substrate and covering at least a substantial portion of a first side of said substrate, said display layer comprising text and/or graphics covering at least a substantial portion thereof, wherein at least one of said light sources are visible through said display layer when said light source is activated. 20. The display, as claimed in claim 19, wherein said power source comprises a battery and a solar cell and a battery, wherein said solar cell is operable to recharge said battery. 21. The display, as claimed in claim 19, wherein said controller is programmable to change at least one of a sequence and an intensity of activation of said light sources. 22. The display, as claimed in claim 19, wherein said substrate further comprises a detector operable to activate a sequence of light source activations when a predetermined condition external to the display is detected. 23. A flexible lighted display, comprising: a flexible substrate layer, comprising: a power source; and a controller operably interconnected to said power source; a display layer interconnected to said substrate and covering at least a substantial portion of a first side of said substrate, said display layer comprising text and/or graphics covering at least a substantial portion thereof, and a plurality of light elements; wherein said power source and said controller are operably coupled to said plurality of lights to activate at least a first light element to a different illumination state relative to at least a second light element such that at least one of said light sources are visible on said display layer when said light source is activated. 24. The display, as claimed in claim 23, wherein at least one of the plurality of light elements is in the display layer. 25. The display, as claimed in claim 23, wherein at least one of the plurality of light elements is in the flexible substrate layer. 26. The display, as claimed in claim 23, wherein the controller includes a timer that causes the plurality of lights to deactivate after a predetermined period of time. 27. The display, as claimed in claim 23, further comprising a sensor that operates to activate the plurality of lights, the sensor selected from a group of sensors consisting of: a light sensor, a motion sensor, a heat sensor, or a sound sensor. 28. The display, as claimed in claim 23, wherein the controller selectively alters the activation of the plurality of light elements when the battery charge falls below a predetermined threshold. 29. A flexible lighted display, comprising: a flexible substrate layer, comprising: a power source; and a controller operably interconnected to said power source; and a plurality of light elements operatably connected to the power source and the controller and the controller causes the lights to illuminate; wherein the power source includes a solar cell. 30. The display, as claimed in claim 29, further comprising: a display layer interconnected to said flexible substrate and covering at least a substantial portion of a first side of said substrate, said display layer comprising text and/or graphics covering at least a substantial portion thereof. 31. The display, as claimed in claim 29, wherein the power source further comprises a battery. 32. The display, as claimed in claim 31, wherein the battery is a rechargeable battery and the solar cell is operably connected to the rechargeable battery to recharge the battery. 