Moving components with dimensions much smaller than what micro-electro-mechanical system (MEMS) technology can accomplish in terms of force generated and power efficiency, are integrated onto micro-systems. These moving components referred to herein as "bio-components" are special bacteria (magnetotactic bacteria) where the motion of these bio-components can be controlled by generating an "artificial pole" by a magnetic field generated by a constant electrical current that can be varied to change the location of the "artificial pole" from an electrical system such as an embedded electronic micro-circuit. According to the present invention, it is possible through a software program or codes, to control the direction of motion of these magnetotactic bacteria, for example, by downloading such program onto the embedded electronics (controller or the like), and to generate the required magnetic field to control such bacteria to accomplish a particular task. Moreover, though integrated sensory means and new algorithms, the magnetotactic bacteria-based system could adapt or change the direction of motion from new occurring conditions.
Claims 1. A method for controlling at least one micro-object comprising: providing at least one magnetotactic bacterium (MTB); said at least one magnetotactic bacterium being self-propulsive; coupling the at least one micro-object with said at least one magnetotactic bacterium, causing the at least one micro-object to move in unison with said at least one magnetotactic bacterium; and generating a magnetic field for orienting said at least one magnetotactic bacterium along a displacement path; whereby, in operation, modifying the orientation of said magnetic field allows modifying said displacement path of said at least one magnetotactic bacterium, thereby allowing controlling the path of the at least one micro-object during displacement thereof by said at least one magnetotactic bacterium. 2. A method as recited in claim 1, wherein said magnetic field is created using a direct current (DC) signal. 3. A method as recited in claim 1, wherein said magnetic field is slightly greater than Earth magnetic field. 4. A method as recited in claim 1, wherein said magnetic field is a low energy DC magnetic field. 5. A method as recited in claim 1, wherein coupling the at least one micro-object with said at least one magnetotactic bacterium includes fixing said at least one magnetotactic bacterium to the at least one micro-object. 6. A method as recited in claim 5, fixing said at least one magnetotactic bacterium to the at least one micro-object includes forcing said at least one MTB to generate activation of lipopolysaccharides, causing the at least one micro-object to stick to said at least one MTB when said at least one micro-object comes into contact with said at least one MTB. 7. A method as recited in claim 1, wherein providing at least one magnetotactic bacterium includes providing an active solution of highly concentrated magnetospirillum gryphiswaldense bacteria or of magnetospirillum magnetotacticum bacteria. 8. A method as recited in claim 1, wherein said at least one MTB includes a plurality of MTB. 9. A method as recited in claim 1, wherein said at least one micro-object includes a plurality of micro-objects. 10. A method as recited in claim 1, wherein said at least one micro-object includes at least one microbead. 11. A method as recited in claim 1, wherein said at least one micro-object is capable of conducting electrical current; whereby, in operation, modifying the orientation of said magnetic field allows modifying said displacement path of said at least one magnetotactic bacterium, thereby allowing controlling the path of the at least one micro-object during displacement thereof by said at least one magnetotactic bacterium so that said at least one micro-object is selectively brought into contact or brought away from two electrical contacts, thereby acting as a micro-switch. 12. A method as recited in claim 1, wherein the at least one micro-object is controlled to open or close microfluidic flow or modify a direction of microfluidic flow. 13. A method as recited in claim 1, wherein the at least one micro-object includes a micro-piston; whereby, in operation, said orientation of said magnetic field is first modified to bring said at least one MTB into contact with the micro-piston; said micro-piston being then coupled with said at least one MTB; then modifying the orientation of said magnetic field allows modifying said displacement path of said at least one magnetotactic bacterium, thereby allowing pushing or pulling the micro-piston. 14. A method as recited in claim 1, wherein the at least one micro-object is a microstructure including a wireless electronic circuit embedded onto said microstructure to remotely control said electromagnetic field. 15. A method as recited in claim 14, wherein remote control of said electromagnetic field by said wireless electronic structure is achieved by commands pre-loaded into said electronic circuit or communicated through a wireless channel. 16. A system for controlling at least one micro-object comprising: at least one magnetotactic bacterium (MTB) for coupling with the at least one micro-object for movement in unison; said at least one magnetotactic bacterium being self-propulsive; and a magnetic field generator for orienting said at least one magnetotactic bacterium along a displacement path; whereby, in operation, modifying the orientation of said magnetic field allows modifying said displacement path of said at least one magnetotactic bacterium, thereby allowing controlling the path of the at least one micro-object during displacement thereof by said at least one magnetotactic bacterium. 17. A system as recited in claim 16, wherein said magnetic field generator includes at least two pairs of conductors for receiving four independent electrical signals; said two pairs of conductors being configured in two generally perpendicular facing pairs so as to generally define a rectangle to enclose said at least one MTB and the at least one micro-object; whereby, in operation, modulating signal amplitudes in adjacent pairs of conductors among said at least two pairs of conductors yields a desired location of an artificial pole for orienting said at least one MTB. 18. A system as recited in claim 17, wherein said magnetic field generator includes a grid of conductors; said grid including two sets of conductors generally in parallel passing at right angle from each other. 19. A system as recited in claim 18, wherein the at least one micro-object includes a plurality of micro-objects and said at least one MTB includes a plurality of MTB; the system further comprising a controller for coordinating relative displacements of at least some of said plurality of micro-objects in unison with respective MTB so as to be moved at selected positions on said grid so for displaying information therethrough. 20. A system as recited in claim 17, further comprising a signal controller coupled to each said conductors. 21. A system as recited in claim 20, further comprising an input device and a sensor both coupled to said signal controller to allow a user control and feedback of said at least one MTB. 22. A system as recited in claim 21, wherein said sensor includes at least one of a photovoltaic cell, a magnetic sensor, and a chemical sensor. 23. A system as recited in claim 16, wherein said magnetic field generator allows creating a low energy DC magnetic field. 24. A system as recited in claim 16, wherein said magnetic field generator includes at least one permanent magnet. 25. A system as recited in claim 16, further comprising coupling means for mounting the at least one micro-object to said at least one MTB. 26. A system as recited in claim 25, wherein said coupling means includes an adhesive between said at least one MTB and the at least one micro-object for fixing said at least one MTB to the at least one micro-object. 27. A system as recited in claim 16, further comprising a controller coupled to said magnetic field generator for controlling the orientation of said magnetic field. 28. A system as recited in claim 27, wherein said controller is in the form of an embedded controller secured to said at least one magnetotactic bacteria; said system further comprising an integrated sensor coupled to said embedded controller allowing said at least one magnetotactic bacteria-based system changing its direction of motion according to new occurring conditions as detected by said integrated sensor. 29. A system as recited in claim 16, wherein said at least one MTB includes a plurality of MTB. 30. A system as recited in claim 16, wherein said at least one micro-object includes a plurality of micro-objects. 31. A system as recited in claim 16, wherein said at least one micro-object includes at least one microbead. 32. A method for controlling at least one magnetotactic bacterium (MTB), said at least one MTB being self-propulsive along a displacement path, the method comprising: generating a magnetic field so as to effect the at least one MTB; said magnetic field being characterized by a pole; said magnetic field affecting said at least one MTB by biasing the displacement path towards said pole; and selectively modifying the displacement path of the at least one MTB by modifying said pole of said magnetic field. 33. A method as recited in claim 32, wherein selectively modifying the path of the at least one MTB by modifying said pole of said magnetic field brings at least one of said at least one MTB between a respective pair of conductors; said method further comprising: killing at least one selected from said at least one MTB, resulting in at least one corresponding permanent connection between said respective pair of conductors. 34. A method as recited in claim 32, further comprising: fixing the at least one MTB to a structure to be actuated; whereby, in operation said magnetic field is generated to orient the at least one MTB along a displacement path causing the at least one MTB to act on said structure so as to cause the actuation thereof. 35. A method as recited in claim 34, wherein said structure is a piston or a micro-motor. 36. A method as recited in claim 32, for mixing a fluid, said method further comprising: providing the fluid in a container with the at least one MTB; and frequently modifying the displacement path of the at least one MTB yielding a mixing action on the fluid. 37. A method as recited in claim 32, for characterizing a fluid, said method further comprising: providing the fluid in a container with the at least one MTB; generating said magnetic field so as to cause said at least one MTB to travel from a known path, yielding a travelling time; and comparing said travelling time to a predetermined travelling time resulting from similar MTB travelling in a characterized fluid to determine at least one unknown characteristic of said fluid. 