A lighting apparatus includes a battery charged during daylight hours by a conventional solar collector. A panel or reflector is attached to the arm of a conventional post and arm supporting in a depending manner a real estate sign. The reflector may include a partial cylindrical section at each opposed end for supporting an elongated lamp and for reflecting the light from the lamp onto the real estate sign disposed between the opposed ends of the reflector. A photocell interconnects the lamps with the battery to energize the lights and illuminate the real estate sign during periods of darkness.
Claims 1. Lighting apparatus supported by an arm of a conventional real estate sign and extending from a post anchored in the ground for illuminating a sign depending from the arm, said apparatus comprising in combination: a) a reflector adapted to be secured to the arm; b) a partial cylindrical section disposed along each opposed end of said reflector; c) an elongated lamp mounted with each of said partial cylindrical sections; d) a solar collector for collecting solar energy and generating a charging current; and e) a battery adapted to be charged by said solar cell for energizing each of said lamps. 2. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1, including a photocell for selectively interconnecting said battery with each of said lamps during periods of darkness. 3. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1 wherein said solar collector is mounted on the post. 4. The apparatus as set forth in claim 3 wherein said battery is supported by the arm. 5. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1 wherein said reflector includes a plurality of light reflective panels intermediate said partial cylindrical sections. 6. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1 wherein each of said lamps is of a tubular configuration. 7. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1 wherein each of said partial cylindrical sections is a half cylinder and wherein a plane extending along a radial extending from the mid point of each of said sections would intersect the sign. 8. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1 wherein each of said partial cylindrical sections is oriented to reflect light from the respective one of said lamps mounted therein to the sign. 9. A method for lighting a real estate sign depending from an arm supported by a post anchored in the ground, said method comprising the steps of: a) providing electrical power from a battery; b) further providing an electrical charging current to the battery with at least one solar collector; c) selectively energizing a lamp disposed on each side of the sign with electrical power from the battery; d) supporting each of the lamps from a panel secured to the arm; and e) radiating light from each of the lamps onto opposed sides of the sign. 10. The method as set forth in claim 9, including the steps of controlling the energization of the lamps to periods of darkness. 11. The method as set forth in claim 9, including the step of further supporting the battery from the arm. 12. The method as set forth in claim 9, including the step of further supporting the solar collector on the post. 13. Lighting apparatus attached to an arm of a conventional real estate sign and extending from a post anchored in the ground for illuminating a sign dependingly supported by a pair of screw elements, said apparatus comprising in combination: a) at least one panel attached to the arm and extending from the arm; b) a mounting for a lamp disposed on each panel of said at least one panel; c) a lamp mounted in each of said mountings; d) a solar collector for collecting solar energy and for generating a charging current; and e) a battery adapted to be charged by said solar collector for providing electrical power to each of said lamps. 14. The lighting apparatus as set forth in claim 13, including a photocell for selectively interconnecting said battery with each of said lamps during periods of darkness. 15. The lighting apparatus as set forth in claim 13 wherein each panel of said at least one panel is secured to the arm intermediate the screw elements. 16. The lighting apparatus as set forth in claim 13 wherein each panel of said at least one panel includes reflective surfaces for reflecting light from said lamps onto the sign. 17. The lighting apparatus as set forth in claim 13 wherein each of said lamps is of a tubular configuration. 18. The lighting apparatus as set forth in claim 13 wherein each of said mountings is disposed within a partial cylindrical section of said panel. 19. Lighting apparatus supported from an arm of a conventional real estate sign and extending from a post anchored in the ground for illuminating a sign depending from the arm, said lighting apparatus comprising in combination: a) a first panel extending from the arm; b) a first light fixture supported by said first panel for illuminating one side of the sign; c) a second panel extending from the arm; d) a second light fixture supported by said second panel for illuminating an other side of the sign; e) at least one battery for providing electrical power to said first and second light fixtures; and f) at least one solar collector for providing an electrical charging current to said at least one battery. 20. A lighting apparatus as set forth in claim 19 wherein said first panel includes a first bent section for supporting said first light fixture and said second panel includes a second bent section for supporting said second light fixture. 