A self-contained temperature monitor is provided for use in combination with a range of plumbing fixtures and piping through which liquid will flow either continuously or periodically. The temperature monitor typically includes a main body, a temperature sensor, a processing unit and a indicator means, such as a digital display or an array of light emitting devices, for conveying the sensed temperature information to a user. Various configurations of the temperature monitor provide for temporary or more permanent mounting on plumbing fixtures, particularly faucets, and pipes.
Claims 1. A self-contained temperature monitor configured for attachment to a fluid passage comprising: a main body; a power supply; a processing unit configured to receive power from the power supply; a temperature probe configured for conveying data corresponding to a sensed temperature to the processing unit; and a temperature indicator configured for emitting a signal corresponding to control signals received from the processing unit corresponding to the sensed temperature. 2. The self-contained temperature monitor according to claim 1, further comprising: an input device for setting at least one parameter within the processing unit. 3. The self-contained temperature monitor according to claim 1, wherein the temperature indicator includes a digital display. 4. The self-contained temperature monitor according to claim 1, wherein the temperature indicator includes a plurality of light emitting devices. 5. The self-contained temperature monitor according to claim 1, wherein the temperature indicator includes a noise generator. 6. The self-contained temperature monitor according to claim 5, wherein the noise generator includes a speech synthesizer. 7. The self-contained temperature monitor according to claim 1, wherein the temperature indicator includes at least one indicator element selected from a group consisting of a thermochromic material, a fluid thermometer, a light emitting device, a digital display, a plurality of light emitting devices and a noise generator. 8. A fluid delivery system comprising: a fluid passage; a self-contained temperature monitoring device mounted on the fluid passage; wherein the temperature monitoring device includes, a temperature probe extending into the fluid passage, the temperature probe being arranged to contact fluid flowing through the fluid passage, a power supply, a semiconductor device, and a temperature indicator. 9. The fluid delivery system according to claim 8, wherein the temperature indicator includes a digital display. 10. The fluid delivery system according to claim 8, wherein the temperature indicator includes a plurality of light emitting devices. 11. The fluid delivery system according to claim 8, wherein the temperature indicator includes a noise generator. 12. The fluid delivery system according to claim 11, wherein the noise generator includes a speech synthesizer. 13. The fluid delivery system according to claim 8, wherein the power supply includes at least one power source selected from a group consisting of a battery, a capacitor, a solar cell, a generator and a thermoelectric material. 14. The fluid delivery system according to claim 11, wherein the noise generator is activated upon at least one condition selected from a group consisting of a low temperature set point, a target temperature set point and a high temperature set point. 15. The fluid delivery system according to claim 12, wherein the speech synthesizer periodically announces an indicated temperature of the fluid flowing through the fluid passage. 16. The fluid delivery system according to claim 8, wherein the temperature monitoring device is arranged and configured to be mounted on a standard access fitting provided on the fluid passage. 17. The fluid delivery system according to claim 8, wherein the temperature monitoring device is arranged and configured to be mounted through a custom opening provided through the fluid passage. 18. The fluid delivery system according to claim 17, wherein the temperature monitoring device is mounted through an upper surface of the fluid passage. 19. A fluid delivery system comprising: a fluid passage; an opening in the fluid passage through which fluid may exit the fluid passage; and a self-contained temperature monitoring device removably mountable adjacent the opening in the fluid passage, wherein the temperature monitoring device includes, an extension of the fluid passage, a temperature probe extending into the extension of a fluid passage, the temperature probe being arranged to contact fluid flowing through the extension of the fluid passage, a power supply, a semiconductor device, and a temperature indicator. 20. The fluid delivery system according to claim 19, wherein the temperature indicator includes a digital display. 21. The fluid delivery system according to claim 19, wherein the temperature indicator includes a plurality of light emitting devices. 22. The fluid delivery system according to claim 19, wherein the temperature indicator includes a noise generator. 23. The fluid delivery system according to claim 22, wherein the noise generator includes a speech synthesizer. 24. The fluid delivery system according to claim 19, wherein the power supply includes at least one power source selected from a group consisting of a battery, a solar cell, a generator and a thermoelectric material. 25. The fluid delivery system according to claim 22, wherein: the noise generator is activated upon at least one condition selected from a group consisting of a low temperature set point, a target temperature set point and a high temperature set point. 26. The fluid delivery system according to claim 23, wherein: the speech synthesizer periodically announces an indicated temperature of the fluid flowing through the fluid passage. 27. The fluid delivery system according to claim 19, wherein: the fluid passage includes a faucet; and wherein the temperature monitoring device is configured to be mounted adjacent the faucet opening. 