The present invention relates to a solar powered battery charger with voltage regulation circuit and the method for recharging a car battery. The charger comprises an input port for receiving electrical power from a solar panel; an output port for providing electrical power to a battery; and a power regulation circuit electrically coupled to the input power. The power regulation circuit is electrically coupled to the output port and for monitoring a voltage thereon, having a first state in which electrical power is provided to the output port and a second state in which electrical power is not provided to the output port. The power regulation circuit remains in a first state when the voltage at the output port is below a threshold voltage and for other than remaining in the first state when the voltage at the output port is above the threshold voltage.
Claims 1. A battery charger comprising: an input port for receiving electrical power from a solar panel; an output port for providing electrical power to a battery; and a power regulation circuit electrically coupled to the input port, the power regulation circuit electrically coupled to the output port and for monitoring a voltage thereon, the power regulation circuit having a first state in which electrical power is provided to the output port and a second state in which electrical power is not provided to the output port, the power regulation circuit for remaining in a first state when the voltage at the output port is below a threshold voltage and for remaining in the second state when the voltage at the output port is above the threshold voltage. 2. A battery charger according to claim 1, wherein said solar panel comprising a photovoltaic cell electrically coupled to the input port and a frame for structurally supporting the photovoltaic battery. 3. A battery charger according to claim 2 further comprising: an adapter for electrically coupling to a cigarette lighter interface of a car, the adapter electrically coupled to the output port. 4. A battery charger according to claim 3 further comprising at least a mechanical shock absorbing component disposed proximate the solar panel and for reducing the intensity of mechanical shocks thereto. 5. A battery charger according to claim 4 wherein the mechanical shock absorbing component comprises suction cups. 6. A battery charger according to claim 4 wherein the mechanical shock absorbing component comprises rubber bumpers. 7. A battery charger according to claim 1 wherein the threshold voltage is compared with an output of a predetermined function. 8. A battery charger according to claim 7 further comprising a temperature monitoring circuit for providing temperature data, wherein the temperature monitoring circuit is in communication with a predetermined function and wherein the output of predetermined function in dependence upon the temperature data and the voltage. 9. A method of recharging a car battery comprising the steps of: receiving electrical power from a photovoltaic cell; monitoring a voltage from the car battery using a power regulation circuit, the voltage indicative of a level of charge of the car battery; and providing the received electrical power through the power regulation circuit to the car battery in dependence upon the monitored voltage. 10. A method of recharging a car battery according to claim 9, wherein the monitoring voltage further comprising output of a predetermined function, wherein the predetermined function is in communication with a temperature monitoring circuit for providing a temperature data. 11. A solar panel comprising: a photovoltaic cell; a frame mechanically coupled to the photovoltaic cell; and a shock absorbing member having a first portion fixedly coupled to one of the frame and the photovoltaic cell, and a second other portion for mechanically coupling to a vehicle, the shock absorbing member for reducing the intensity of mechanical shocks imparted to the photovoltaic cell. 12. A solar panel according to claim 11 wherein the shock absorbing member is a suction cup. 13. A solar panel according to claim 11 wherein the shock absorbing member is a bumper. 14. A solar panel according to claim 11 further comprising: a photovoltaic cell having an output port; a power regulation circuit electrically coupled to the output port of the photovoltaic cell, the power regulation circuit for receiving electrical power from the photovoltaic cell, the power regulation circuit having a voltage sensor for determining a voltage state of the photovoltaic cell, the power regulation circuit having a first state for providing power to the battery when the voltage state of the photovoltaic cell is below a threshold and a second state for other than providing power to the battery when the voltage state of the photovoltaic cell is other than below the threshold and wherein the photovoltaic cell comprises an output port, the output port of the photovoltaic cell in electrical communication with the power regulation circuit. 15. A solar panel according to claim 14 wherein the threshold voltage is compared with an output of a predetermined function. 16. A solar panel according to claim 15 further comprising a temperature monitoring circuit for providing temperature data, the temperature monitoring circuit in communication with the predetermined function and an output of the predetermined function varies in response to the temperature data. 