This invention comprises an apparatus for the deposition of thin layers upon a substrate for the production of photovoltaic cells wherein the individual reaction chambers are separated from each other by low pressure isolation zones which prevent cross contamination of adjacent reaction chambers and control pressure levels in each reaction chamber while, at the same time, allowing the uninterrupted transfer of a substrate from one reaction chamber to the next without any mechanical obstruction.
Claims 1. An apparatus for the production of photovoltaic devices comprising: a. at least one differential pumping means that provides a vacuum isolation zone or zones in communication with at least one reaction chamber; and b. said reaction chamber contains a mechanism for controlling the influx of a pure gas to the reaction chamber. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the pressure in said isolation zones is lower than said reaction chamber. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein said reaction chamber provides deposition conducted at a pressure of 2-10 E.sup.-3 torr and said pumping means operates at 1 E.sup.-4 torr. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said gas is removed from said reaction chamber via said isolation means. 5. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein said gases are removed from said reaction chambers via said isolation means and directed to a collection facility. 6. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein an orifice is provided at the junction between one said reaction chamber and one said isolation zone through which a substrate may pass. 7. The apparatus of claim 6, wherein said orifice is of similar thickness to the substrate to minimize gas flow from said reaction chamber to said isolation zone. 8. The apparatus of claim 6, wherein said orifice may be cycled shut. 9. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said reaction chambers contain a monitoring device to scan temperature and pressure of said reaction chambers. 10. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein said monitoring mechanism may control the input rate of said pure gas. 11. A method for pressure control in a plurality of independent deposition and reaction chambers used to produce a photovoltaic device comprising: a. controlling the influx of gas into said CGS reaction chambers; b. feeding a substrate through orifices at the inlet and outlet of said reaction chambers; c. establishing an isolation zone of lower pressure adjacent to and in communication with said inlet and outlet of said reaction chambers; and d. removing said pure gas exiting said reaction chamber into said isolation zone and maintaining the pressure in said isolation zone at 1 E.sup.-4 torr. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein said substrate is a continuous layer that is able to be fed continuously through said reaction chamber. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein said substrate is affixed to a pallet wherein one or more said pallets are placed in said reaction chamber. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein the said orifices may be shut after the insertion of said pallets. 15. The method of claim 11, wherein said gases exiting said reaction chamber are removed via said isolation zones. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein said gases are transferred to a collection facility. 17. The method of claim 11, wherein said isolation zone is a junction between the outlet of one said isolation zone and the inlet of an adjacent said isolation zone. 