A lighting device is connectable to a horizontal arm of a realty sign post for directing light to both sides of the sign. The device includes a mounting structure and an upper housing. The device is actuated by a polar rechargeable batter disposed in the housing. Solar panels are connected to an arcuate surface of the upper housing of the device and electrically connected to the batter and a series of LED lights fitted along a pair of cavities in the mounting structure. The lighting device is attached to the realty sign post by pivotal arms that selectively secure around the horizontal arm.
Claims 1. A lighting device for a realty sign a mounting structure mountable to a horizontal member of a realty post, said mounting structure having a bridge formation defining a cavity extending the axial length of the mounting structure, said cavity sized for receiving the horizontal member of the realty a pair of laterally extending shelves adjacent each side of the bridge formation; a solar rechargeable battery positioned on an upper surface of the bridge formation; an arcuate upper housing positioned on the mounting structure for covering the solar rechargeable battery, said upper housing having a pair of legs configured for setting on the pair of laterally extending shelves; a solar panel mounted to the arcuate upper housing and electrically connected to the battery; a light positioned under each shelf of the mounting structure; and means for activating each light. 2. The lighting device of claim I further comprising a pivoting arm connected to a lower surface of one of the shelves. 3. The lighting device of claim 1, wherein the arcuate upper housing has a cut out at both ends for receiving the bridge formation of the mounting structure, and a tube positioned above one of the cut outs, wherein the tube is stored within the upper housing. 4. The lighting device of claim 1, wherein the solar panel has an arcuate formation for covering at least 75% of the arcuate upper housing. 5. The lighting device of claim 4, wherein the arcuate upper housing has an aperture therethrough and the solar panel has electrical leads extending from the solar panel, through the apertures to the rechargeable battery. 6. The lighting device of claim 2, further comprising a lock mechanism for locking the pivoting arm to the lower surface of one of the shelves. 7. The lighting device of claim 1, further comprising an opening in the upper housing for receiving and storing printed information. 8. The lighting device of claim 1, wherein the solar panel has an arcuate formation for covering three sides of the arcuate upper housing. 9. The lighting device of claim 1, wherein the mounting structure has a pair of elongate cavities extending the axial length of each laterally extending shelves and a strip of LED lights secured in each of the elongate cavities. 10. A lighting device for lighting a realty sign on a post having a horizontal member, the lighting device comprising: a mounting structure mountable to a horizontal member of the post, said mounting structure having a pair of longitudinal edges for positioning on each side of the horizontal member; a strip of LED lights mounted on a lower surface of the mounting structure, wherein a strip of LED lights is mounted adjacent to each longitudinal edge of the mounting structure; an upper housing and a battery stored therein, said upper housing connectible to the mounting structure; and a solar panel mounted on an upper surface of the upper housing, said solar panel electrically communicating with the battery; 11. The lighting device of claim 10, further including means for locking the lighting device onto the horizontal member. 12. The lighting device of claim 10, further including means in the upper housing for storing printed information. 