A wireless connection (101) is connected to an object monitor (103) that is capable of determining trajectory characteristics of a moving object, such as a golf ball driven by a golfer practicing golf drives and strokes. The wireless connection (101) facilitates the transmission of the attributes associated with the moving object, such as the trajectory characteristics, geographic location, date, time, equipment used, user identification, and so forth, to a wireless access point (105) of a computer network.
Claims 1. An apparatus comprising: an object monitor capable of measuring movement and determining trajectory of a moving object, and; at least one wireless connection electronically connected to the object monitor, wherein the wireless connection is capable of receiving data from and transmitting to a remote receiver. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a computer connected the object monitor and the wireless connection, wherein the computer is capable of receiving and storing attributes of the moving object. 3. An apparatus of claim 1, wherein the remote receiver is a wireless access point of a computer network. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising at least one keypad connected to the computer, wherein the computer can receive data from the keypad. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising at least one display panel connected to the computer. 6. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein the display panel is a liquid crystal display panel. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a key card reader connected to the computer. 8. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a power source connected to the computer. 9. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the power source comprises a solar panel. 10. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the object monitor uses electromagnetic radiation to measure the movement of the moving object. 11. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein the electromagnetic radiation is radio waves. 12. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the object monitor uses audio waves to measure the movement of the moving object. 13. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the object monitor uses video to measure the movement of the moving object. 14. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the moving object is a golf ball. 15. An apparatus comprising: a radar device capable of measuring movement and determining trajectory of a golf ball; a computer connected the radar device wherein the computer is capable of receiving and storing golf ball attributes; a wireless connection connected to the computer, wherein the wireless connection is capable of receiving data from and transmitting data to a wireless access point of a computer network; at least one keypad connected to the computer, wherein data is entered into the computer via the keypad; at least one display panel connected to the computer; and a key card reader connected to the computer. 16. The apparatus of claim 15, wherein the display panel is a liquid crystal display panel. 17. The apparatus of claim 15, wherein the radar device is a radar unit manufactured by Distance Caddy Corp. 18. The apparatus of claim 15, wherein the golf ball attributes comprise golfer identification, golf club identification, and estimated golf ball distance. 19. A method comprising the steps of: monitoring movement and determining trajectory characteristics of a moving object with a object monitor; and transmitting object attributes through a wireless connection connected to the object monitor to a wireless access point of a computer network. 20. The method of claim 19, further comprising accessing an apparatus comprising the object monitor and the wireless connection. 21. The method of claim 20, wherein accessing comprises reading user identification from a key card and verifying user account status. 22. The method of claim 19, further comprising entering attributes associated with the object through a keyboard attached to a computer. 22. The method of claim 19, displaying object attributes on a display screen. 23. The method of claim 19, combining object attributes in a data file on a computer connected to the object monitor and the wireless connection, wherein the data file can be transmitted through the wireless connection to a wireless access point of a computer network. 24. The method of claim 19, wherein the object attributes comprises user identification, equipment identification, and object trajectory characteristics. 25. The method of claim 19, wherein the object is a golf ball. 