A solar light has a main housing, a solar housing, and a light housing. The solar housing and the light housing are each coupled to and independently adjustable relative to the main housing to provide increased flexibility in placement, orientation, and configuration of the light. A support member on the main housing is designed for connection to stakes, risers, surface mounts, and other mounting means, to provide further increased flexibility in use of the light.
Claims 1. A solar light, comprising: a main housing; two or more lighting elements coupled to the main housing, each lighting element being independently movable relative to the main housing; and a solar energy collection system conductively coupled to the main housing. 2. The solar light according to claim 1, wherein the solar energy collection system is coupled to the main housing via a universal joint. 3. The solar light according to claim 1, wherein each lighting element is coupled to the main housing via a universal joint. 4. The solar light according to claim 1, further comprising: a means for mounting the solar light in a selected position. 5. The solar light according to claim 4, wherein the means for mounting the solar light in a selected position is chosen from the group consisting of: a stake; an adjustable riser; and a surface mounting bracket. 6. The solar light according to claim 4, wherein the means for mounting the solar light in a selected position is a telescoping adjustable riser. 7. The solar light according to claim 1, further comprising: a rechargeable electrical power source conductively coupled to the lighting elements and the solar energy collection system. 8. The solar light according to claim 7, wherein the rechargeable electrical power system and at least part of the solar energy collection system are housed within a single housing separate from the main housing. 9. The solar light according to claim 7, wherein the rechargeable electrical power system is disposed within the main housing. 10. The solar light according to claim 7, wherein the rechargeable electrical power system is disposed within at least one of the lighting elements. 11. The solar light according to claim 7, wherein the rechargeable electrical power system is located remote from the solar light. 12. The solar light according to claim 1, further comprising: at least one switch for controlling the operation of the solar light. 13. The solar light according to claim 1, further comprising: at least one sensor for controlling the operation of the solar light. 14. The solar light according to claim 1, wherein each lighting element includes at least one light emitting diode. 15. The solar light according to claim 14, wherein at least one of the lighting elements is capable of producing at least two different colors of light. 16. A solar light, comprising: a support structure; a solar energy collection system conductively coupled to the support structure; at least two light housings, each light housing being coupled to and independently movable relative to the support structure; and a rechargeable electrical power source for providing electrical power to the solar light. 17. The solar light according to claim 16, wherein the rechargeable electrical power source is carried by the support structure. 18. The solar light according to claim 16, wherein the solar energy collection system and the rechargeable electrical power source are both carried by a universally adjustable housing. 19. The solar light according to claim 16, wherein the rechargeable electrical power source is carried by at least one of the light housings. 20. A methods of illuminating an outdoor area, comprising the steps of: providing a solar light having a rechargeable electrical power source and at least two lighting fixtures; adjusting one of the lighting fixtures in a first orientation for illuminating a first outdoor area; and independently adjusting the other lighting fixtures in other orientations for illuminating other outdoor areas. 21. The method according to claim 20, further comprising the steps of: providing multi-colored lights; and illuminating the outdoor areas with the multi-colored lights. 