The present invention relates generally to automated remote monitoring of construction projects. More particularly, the present invention relates to systems and methods for providing worldwide access to high-resolution images of construction projects, where the images are archived through the life of the project and can be accessed through secure connections to the Internet.
Claims 1. A system for remote monitoring of construction sites comprising: a camera located at a remote construction site; the camera being capable of taking high resolution image files at pre-determined time intervals; a power source providing power to the camera; a connection from the camera to the Internet via cellular means; a remote server for moving image files to a database located remote from the construction site; a web interface connected to the remote server and the database for displaying the image files; the database storing the image files; a timer connected to the camera, controlling the transmission of the image files from the camera to the server at set time intervals; the timer blocking power at pre-determined time intervals causing the camera to reboot; a controller for restricting access to the power source; and a solid-state memory chip located in the camera for temporary storage of image files. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the power source is a solar panel. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the connection to the Internet is made through satellite means. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein access to the web interface is password protected. 5. The system of claim 1, further comprising one or more additional databases, remote from the first database wherein the image files are repetitively stored. 6. The system of claim 1, further comprising multiple cameras located at multiple remote construction sites; wherein each camera communicates with the server through a connection to the Internet. 7. A method for operating a system for remote monitoring of construction sites comprising: starting a first script which operates the image programs upon the rebooting of the system; running the script at pre-determined time intervals; storing information on a solid-state memory chip located on a camera concerning Internet connections, camera settings, and time intervals; connecting to the Internet via a number of pre-determined Internet service providers; if the system could not connect via the pre-determined Internet service providers, connecting to the Internet via a pre-determined fail-safe number; if no connection can be made via the fail-safe number rebooting a controller; tracking reasons for connection failures; running a second script which handles system diagnostic programs; creating an image file with the camera containing camera identification information; transmitting the image file to the server; transmitting the image file from the server to a database; displaying the image file on a web interface. 8. The method of claim 7, wherein the camera settings includes one or more of camera zoom, white balance, resolution, sleep time in-between creating images, Internet service provider account information, information as to whether or not to accept the changes, file transfer protocol information, login information for the server, and time information. 9. A computer-readable medium having stored thereon computer-executable instructions for performing the method of claim 7. 10. The method of claim 7, further including the steps of executing the second script at pre-determined time intervals; transmitting a connection log to the server. 11. The method of claim 10, wherein the connection log includes one or more of time connected to the server, memory usage, CPU usage, and connection speed. 