An active balancing system for rotating machinery is provided which is light weight, solid state and powered by radiant energy. One or more balance rings coupled to the rotating machinery each have balancing elements which are moved to a selected position by actuators whose operation is controlled according to measured vibration resulting from imbalance of the machinery. The actuators are powered by an electrical energy generating device, such as a photo cell or a photovoltaic element, which is coupled to the machinery and located across an air gap from a source of radiant energy such as an array of light emitting diodes.
Claims 1. the method of balancing a machine, comprising: (a) coupling a member to the machine, said member having at least one balancing element which is movable in response to operation of an actuator; (b) directing energy from a light source to a device for generating electrical energy which is coupled to the machine; (c) operating said actuator with electrical energy from said electrical energy generating device to cause said at least. one balancing element to move to a selected location. 2. The method of claim 1 in which step (a) includes coupling a first balance ring to the machine, and coupling a second balance ring to the machine which is longitudinally spaced from said first balance ring. 3. The method of claim 2 in which step (a) includes mounting a first actuator to said first balance ring and a second actuator to said second balance ring, said first and second actuators being oriented about 90.degree. apart from one another. 4. The method of claim 3 in which step (a) includes mounting a first piezoelectric actuator to said first balance ring and a second piezoelectric actuator to said second balance ring. 5. The method of claim 1 in which step (a) includes coupling a single balance ring to the machine having a number of circumferentially spaced balancing elements each radially movable relative to the machine. 6. The method of claim 5 in which step (a) includes mounting discrete actuators to said balance ring each in position to move one of said balancing elements in a radial direction toward and away from the machine. 7. The method of claim 6 in which step (a) includes mounting piezoelectric actuators to said balance ring. 8. The method of claim 1 in which step (b) includes directing energy from a light source across an air gap, said light source being located in a fixed position spaced from the machine and said electrical energy generating device. 9. The method of claim 8 in which step (b) includes directing energy from an array of light emitting diodes across said air gap. 10. The method of claim 1 in which step (b) includes coupling photo cells to the machine which convert radiant energy into electrical energy. 11. The method of claim 1 in which step (b) includes coupling photovoltaic elements to the machine which convert radiant energy into electrical energy. 12. The method of balancing a machine having a circumference, comprising: (a) coupling a first balance ring and a second balance ring to the machine, each of said first and second balance rings having at least one movable balancing element; (b) mounting a first actuator to said first balance ring, and mounting a second actuator to said second balance ring which is spaced apart from said first actuator relative to the circumference of the machine, each of said first and second actuators being effective to move at least one of said balancing elements; (c) directing energy from a light source to a device for generating electrical energy which is coupled to the machine; (d) operating at least one of said first and second actuators with electrical energy from said electrical energy generating device to cause at least one balancing element to move to a selected location. 13. The method of claim 12 in which step (c) includes directing energy from a light source across an air gap, said light source being located in a fixed position spaced from the machine and said electrical energy generating device. 14. The method of claim 13 in which step (c) includes directing energy from an array of light emitting diodes across said air gap to said electrical energy generating device. 15. The method of claim 12 in which step (b) includes mounting a piezoelectric actuator to each of said first and second balance rings. 16. The method of balancing a machine, comprising: (a) coupling a balance ring to the machine, said balance ring having a number of balancing elements. (b) mounting discrete actuators to said balance ring each in position to move one of said balancing elements; (c) directing energy from a light source to a device for generating electrical energy which is coupled to the machine; (d) operating one or more of said actuators with electrical energy from said electrical energy generating device to cause at least one balancing element to move to a selected location. 17. The method of claim 16 in which step (c) includes directing energy from a light source across an air gap, said light source being located in a fixed position spaced from the machine and said electrical energy generating device. 18. The method of claim 17 in which step (c) includes directing energy from an array of light emitting diodes across said air gap. 19. The method of claim 16 in which step (b) comprises mounting piezoelectric actuators each in position to move one of said balancing elements. 20. Apparatus for balancing a machine, comprising: a member coupled to the machine, said member having at least one balancing element; at least one actuator operatively coupled to said at least one balancing element; a device for generating electrical energy coupled to the machine; a light source spaced from said electrical energy generating device across an air gap, said light source being positioned to direct radiant energy to said electrical energy generating device; said at least one actuator being effective to move said at least one balancing element to a selected location powered by electrical energy from said electrical energy generating device. 21. The apparatus of claim 20 in which said member includes a first balance ring and a spaced second balance ring, each of said first and second balance rings mounting an actuator. 22. The apparatus of claim 21 in which each of said first and second balance rings include a pivot element spaced about 180.degree. from said actuator, a first balancing weight located on one side of a plane extending through said actuator and said pivot element, a second balancing weight located opposite said first balancing weight, a first pair of flexure elements coupled to said first balancing weight and a pair of second flexure elements coupled to said second balancing weight. 23. The apparatus of claim 22 in which said actuator of each of said first and second balance rings is effective to move said first and second balance weights is a clockwise or counterclockwise direction relative to said pivot element. 24. The apparatus of claim 20 in which said device for generating electrical energy is a photo cell. 25. The apparatus of claim 20 in which said device for generating electrical energy is a photovoltaic element. 26. The apparatus of claim 20 in which said at least one actuator is a piezoelectric actuator. 27. The apparatus of claim 20 in which said member is a single balance ring having a number of circumferentially spaced balancing elements. 28. The apparatus of claim 27 in which said balance ring mounts a number of discrete actuators each operatively coupled to one of said balancing elements, each of said actuators being effective to move an associated balancing element to a selected location. 29. The apparatus of claim 27 in which said balance ring comprises an outer containment ring, an inner ring coupled to the machine and a number of balancing elements located between said inner and outer rings. 30. The apparatus of claim 29 in which each of said balancing elements is formed with a cavity defining an inner wall connected at opposite ends to spaced side walls, a beam being located in each of said cavities wherein one end of each of said beams is connected to one of said side walls. 31. The apparatus of claim 30 in which said inner ring is formed with a number of spaced supports each having a first arm connected to a second arm, each of said supports extending within one of said cavities such that said first arm is substantially parallel to one of said side walls of said cavity and said second arm is generally parallel to said inner wall of said cavity, and to said beam, the opposite end of said beam being connected to said first arm of said support. 32. Apparatus for balancing a machine having a circumference comprising: a first balance ring coupled to the machine and a second balance ring coupled to the machine, each of said first and second balance rings having at least one balancing element; a first actuator mounted to said first balance ring and a second actuator mounted to said second balance ring which is spaced from said first actuator relative to the circumference of the machine, each of said first and second actuators being effective to move at least one of said balancing elements; a device for generating electrical energy coupled to the machine; a light source spaced from said electrical energy generating device across an air gap, said light source being positioned to direct radiant energy to said electrical energy generating device; said first and second actuators being effective to move said at least one balancing element of respective first and second balance rings to a selected location powered by electrical energy from said electrical energy generating device. 33. The apparatus of claim 32 in which each of said first and second balance rings includes a pivot element spaced about 180.degree. from said actuator, a first balancing weight located on one side of a plane extending through said actuator and said pivot element, a second balancing weight located opposite said first balancing weight, a pair of first flexure elements coupled to said first balancing weight and a pair of second flexure elements coupled to said second balancing weight. 34. The apparatus of claim 32 in which said actuator of each of said first and second balance rings is effective to move said first and second balance weights in a clockwise or counterclockwise direction relative to said pivot element. 35. The apparatus of claim 32 in which said device for generating electrical energy is a photo cell. 36. The apparatus of claim 32 in which said device for generating electrical energy is a photovoltaic element. 37. Apparatus for balancing a machine, comprising: a balance ring coupled to the machine, said balance ring having a number of balancing elements; a number of actuators mounted to said balance ring, each of said actuators being coupled to one of said balancing elements; a device for generating electrical energy coupled to the machine; a light source spaced from said electrical energy generating device across an air gap, said light source being positioned to direct radiant energy to said electrical energy generating device; said actuators being effective to move a respective balancing element to a selected location powered by electrical energy from said electrical energy generating device. 38. The apparatus of claim 37 in which said balance ring comprises an outer containment ring, an inner ring coupled to the machine and a number of balancing elements located between said inner and outer rings. 39. The apparatus of claim 38 in which each of said balancing elements is formed with a cavity defining an inner wall connected at opposite ends to spaced side walls, a beam being located in each of said cavities wherein one end of each of said beams is connected to one of said side walls. 40. The apparatus of claim 39 in which said inner ring is formed with a number of spaced supports each having a first arm connected to a second arm, each of said supports extending within one of said cavities such that said first arm is substantially parallel to one of said side walls of said cavity and said second arm is generally parallel to said inner wall of said cavity, and to said beam, the opposite end of said beam being connected to said first arm of said support. 41. The apparatus of claim 37 in which said device for generating electrical energy is a photo cell. 42. The apparatus of claim 37 in which said device for generating electrical energy is a photovoltaic element. 