A self-contained, solar-powered mobile monitoring system is independent of external power sources and remotely accessible using a web browser. The system may include a mobile enclosure that houses a power regulator and batteries, which allow for the distribution and collection of electricity generated by solar panels mounted to the top of the enclosure. Also attachable to the mobile enclosure are weather sensors and an extendable tower. A camera is mountable to the top of the tower to allow for video monitoring, and a mobile camera is further provided for site-specific monitoring. Houseable inside the enclosure is monitoring equipment that collects video from the tower and mobile cameras, and weather data from the weather sensors. Networking equipment housed inside the enclosure make these data wirelessly accessible to local computer users by virtue of an omni-directional antenna mounted to the extendable tower. The data also is transmitted wirelessly to an Internet connection, whereupon the data are routed to a network operations center to allow access by off-site, remote users.
Claims 1. A mobile monitoring system, comprising: a) a transportable base unit having an enclosure; b) an extendable tower assembly attachable to the base unit; c) a power distribution unit; d) monitoring equipment; e) networking equipment housed in said enclosure for allowing users to wirelessly access said monitoring equipment using a web browser; and f) a solar power system attachable to the base unit and the power distribution unit. 2. A mobile monitoring system according to claim 1, wherein said monitoring equipment includes a camera mountable to said extendable tower assembly. 3. A mobile monitoring system according to claim 2, wherein said camera includes pan and zoom functions. 4. A mobile monitoring system according to claim 2, wherein said camera can be activated by an external sensor. 5. A mobile monitoring system according to claim 2, and further including a camera server housed in said enclosure for: a) capturing images from the camera, b) routing the images from the camera to said networking equipment, and, c) establishing a means by which users of an associated computer network can control selected camera functions. 6. A mobile monitoring system according to claim 2, wherein said networking equipment includes wireless components for operatively connecting the camera to: a) a local-area-network, allowing local-area-network users to access images from said camera and control selected camera functions using a web browser, and b) a remote data center, allowing authorized remote users to access images from said camera and control selected camera functions over the internet using a web browser. 7. A mobile monitoring system according to claim 1, wherein said monitoring equipment includes: a) a data collector housed in said enclosure, and b) at least one weather sensor positionable outside the enclosure for transmitting weather data to said data collector. 8. A mobile monitoring system according to claim 7, wherein said networking equipment includes wireless components for operatively connecting the data collector to: a) a local-area-network, allowing local-area-network users to access said weather data using a web browser, b) a remote data center, allowing authorized remote users to access said weather data over the internet using a web browser. 9. A mobile monitoring system according to claim 7, and further including a camera housed inside the enclosure and aimed at said data collector for providing an image of the data collector. 10. A mobile monitoring system according to claim 9, and further including a camera server housed in said enclosure for: a) capturing images from the camera, b) routing the images from the camera to said networking equipment, and, c) establishing a means by which users of an associated computer network can control selected camera functions. 11. A mobile monitoring system according to claim 10, wherein said networking equipment includes wireless components for operatively connecting the camera server to: a) a local-area-network, allowing local-area-network users to access images from the camera and control selected camera functions using a web browser, and b) a remote data center, allowing authorized remote users to access images from the camera and control selected camera functions over the internet using a web browser. 12. A mobile monitoring system according to claim 1, wherein said monitoring equipment includes: a) a video receiver within the enclosure, and b) a mobile camera for wirelessly transmitting remote images to said video receiver. 13. A mobile monitoring system according to claim 12, wherein said networking equipment includes wireless components for operatively connecting the video receiver to: a) a local-area-network, allowing local-area-network users to access images from said video receiver using a web browser, and b) a remote data center, allowing authorized remote users to access images from said video receiver over the internet using a web browser. 14. A mobile monitoring system according to claim 1, wherein said monitoring equipment includes at least one remote camera. 15. A mobile monitoring system according to claim 14, wherein said networking equipment includes wireless components for operatively connecting said at least one remote camera to: a) a local-area-network, allowing local-area-network users to access images from said video receiver using a web browser, and b) a remote data center, allowing authorized remote users to access images from said video receiver over the internet using a web browser. 16. A mobile monitoring system according to claim 1, and further including an inner-enclosure housed within said enclosure. 17. A mobile monitoring system according to claim 16, wherein said inner-enclosure houses selected networking equipment and monitoring equipment. 18. A mobile monitoring system according to claim 17, wherein the inner-enclosure is environmentally controllable via a ventilation system and a thermostat. 19. A mobile monitoring system according to claim 1, wherein said solar power system comprises at least one solar panel, at least one battery, and at least one power regulator. 20. A mobile monitoring system according to claim 19, and further including a camera housed inside the enclosure and aimed at said data collector for providing an image of the power regulator. 21. A mobile monitoring system according to claim 20, and further including a camera server housed in said enclosure for: a) capturing images from the camera, b) routing the images from the camera to said networking equipment, and, c) establishing a means by which users of an associated computer network can control selected camera functions. 22. A mobile monitoring system according to claim 21, wherein said networking equipment includes wireless components for operatively connecting the camera server to: a) a local-area-network, allowing local-area-network users to access images from the camera and control selected camera functions using a web browser, and b) a remote data center, allowing authorized remote users to access images from the camera and control selected camera functions over the internet using a web browser. 23. A mobile monitoring system according to claim 1, wherein said monitoring equipment includes: a) a camera mounted to said extendable tower assembly, b) a data collector housed in said enclosure and at least one weather sensor positionable outside the enclosure for transmitting weather data to said data collector, c) a video receiver within the enclosure and a mobile camera for wirelessly transmitting remote images to said video receiver, and d) at least one remote camera. 24. A mobile monitoring system according to claim 23, wherein said networking equipment include a camera server and wireless components that operatively connect the camera, the data collector, the video receiver, and the remote camera to: a) a local-area-network, allowing local-area-network users to access images from the camera and control selected camera functions using a web browser, and b) a remote data center, allowing authorized remote users to access images from the camera and control selected camera functions over the internet using a web browser. 25. A mobile monitoring system according to claim 1, and further including a light for illuminating the interior of the enclosure. 26. A mobile monitoring system according to claim 1, wherein said networking equipment transmits data using a wireless router employing the IEEE 802.11 protocol. 27. A mobile monitoring system according to claim 1, wherein said networking equipment can transmit data to a remote data center using a satellite dish and a satellite internet provider. 28. A network for accessing and controlling a mobile monitoring system, said network comprising: a) networking equipment housed in an enclosure of said mobile monitoring system for allowing users to access monitoring components of said mobile monitoring system using a web browser; b) a remote user station; c) a jobsite user station; d) a network operations center; and e) wireless networking equipment inside the enclosure for operatively connecting the monitoring components to: i. a local-area-network, allowing users at said jobsite user station to access and control selected parts of the monitoring system, and ii. an internet connection, allowing authorized users at said remote user station to access and control selected parts of the monitoring system via the internet. 29. A network according to claim 28, wherein said remote users access the mobile monitoring system through a website established at the network operations center. 30. A network according to claim 28, wherein said monitoring components include a camera, and wherein said networking equipment housed in the enclosure includes a camera server that is operatively connected to said camera, and wherein the camera server provides the means for controlling selected camera functions. 31. A network according to claim 30, wherein said wireless networking equipment operatively connects the camera server to said local-area-network for allowing users at said jobsite user station to control selected functions of the camera using a web browser, and to said internet connection for allowing users at said remote user center and said network operations center to control selected functions of the camera using a web browser. 32. A network according to claim 30, wherein said camera includes pan and zoom functions. 33. A network according to claim 28, wherein said camera can be activated by an external sensor. 34. A network according to claim 28, wherein said monitoring components include at least one weather sensor, and wherein said wireless networking equipment operatively connect the at least one weather sensor to said local-area-network for allowing users at said jobsite user station to monitor said at least one weather sensor, and to said internet connection for allowing users at said remote user center and said network operations center to monitor said at least one weather sensor said using a web browser. 35. A network according to claim 28, wherein said monitoring components include a mobile camera, and wherein said wireless networking equipment operatively connect the mobile camera to networking equipment housed in said enclosure and also operatively connect the networking equipment housed in said enclosure to said local-area-network for allowing users at said jobsite user station to view images from the mobile camera, and to said internet connection for allowing users at said remote user station and at said network operations center to view images from the mobile camera using a web browser. 36. A network according to claim 28, wherein said monitoring components include at least one remote camera, and wherein said wireless networking equipment operatively connect said at least one remote camera to networking equipment housed in said enclosure and also operatively connect the networking equipment housed in said enclosure to said local-area-network for allowing users at said jobsite user station to view images from the mobile camera, and to said internet connection for allowing users at said remote user station and at said network operations center to view images from the at least one remote camera using a web browser. 37. A network according to claim 28, wherein said monitoring components include a camera, at least one weather sensor, a mobile camera, and at least one remote camera, and wherein said wireless networking equipment operatively connect said camera, said at least one weather sensor, and said mobile camera to said jobsite user station, remote user center, and network operations center, allowing users to view images from the camera, data from the weather sensor, and images from the mobile camera. 38. A monitoring method, comprising: a) providing a wireless link to networking equipment housed in an enclosure of a mobile monitoring system for allowing users to access monitoring components of said system from a remote user station, a jobsite user station, and a network operations center; b) accessing and controlling by local-area-network users at said jobsite user station of selected parts of the monitoring system via a local-area-network; c) accessing and controlling by users at said remote user station and said network operations center of selected parts of the monitoring system via the internet. 39. A method according to claim 38, wherein said step of allowing users to access the monitoring components includes the use of a camera, and wherein said step of providing a wireless link comprises operatively connecting the camera to networking equipment housed in said enclosure and operatively connecting the networking equipment housed in said enclosure to said local-area-network for allowing users at said jobsite user station to control selected camera functions and to the internet for allowing users at said remote user station and said network operations center to control selected camera functions using a web browser. 40. A method according to claim 39, wherein said step of allowing control of selected camera functions includes panning and zooming. 41. A method according to claim 39, wherein step of activating said camera is achievable using an external sensor. 42. A method according to claim 38, wherein said step of allowing users to access the monitoring components includes the use of at least one weather sensor, and wherein said step of providing a wireless link comprises operatively connecting the at least one weather sensor to networking equipment housed in said enclosure and operatively connecting the networking equipment housed in said enclosure to said local-area-network for allowing users at said jobsite user station to monitor said at least one weather sensor and to the internet for allowing users at said remote user station and said network operations center to monitor said at least one weather sensor said using a web browser. 43. A method according to claim 38, wherein said step of allowing users to access the monitoring components includes the use of a mobile camera, and wherein said step of providing a wireless link further comprises operatively connecting the mobile camera to networking equipment housed in said enclosure and operatively connecting the networking equipment housed in said enclosure to said local-area-network for allowing local-area-network users at said jobsite to view images from the mobile camera and to the internet for allowing said remote users and said network operations users to view images from the mobile camera using a web browser. 44. A method according to claim 38, wherein said step of allowing users to access the monitoring components includes the use of at least one remote camera, and wherein said step of providing a wireless link further comprises operatively connecting the at least one remote camera to networking equipment housed in said enclosure and operatively connecting the networking equipment housed in said enclosure to said local-area-network for allowing local-area-network users at said jobsite to view images from the at least one remote camera and to the internet for allowing said remote users and said network operations users to view images from the at least one remote camera using a web browser. 45. A method according to claim 38, wherein said step of allowing users to access the monitoring components includes the use of a camera, at least one weather sensor, and a mobile camera, and wherein said step of providing a wireless link comprises operatively connecting the camera, the at least one weather sensor, and the mobile camera to networking equipment housed in said enclosure and operatively connecting the networking equipment housed in said enclosure to said jobsite user station, said remote user station, and said network operations center allowing users to view images from the camera, data from the weather sensor, and images from the mobile camera using a web browser. 46. A monitoring system, comprising: a) means for providing a wireless link to networking equipment housed in an enclosure of a mobile monitoring system for allowing users to access monitoring components of said system using a web browser from a remote user station, a jobsite user station, and a network operations center; b) means for users at said jobsite user station to access and control selected parts of the monitoring system via a local-area-network, and means for users at said remote user station and network operations center to access and control selected parts of the monitoring system via the internet. 47. A system according to claim 46, wherein said monitoring system includes a camera, and wherein said means for providing a wireless link comprises means for operatively connecting the camera to networking equipment housed in said enclosure and for operatively connecting the networking equipment housed in said enclosure to said local-area-network for allowing users at said jobsite user station to access images and control selected functions of the camera using a web browser, and to the internet for allowing users at said remote user station and said network operations center to access images and control selected camera functions using a web browser. 48. A system according to claim 47, wherein said selected camera functions include pan and zoom functions. 49. A system according to claim 47, wherein said camera can be activated by an external sensor, such as an infrared sensor or motion detector. 50. A system according to claim 46, wherein said monitoring system includes at least one weather sensor and wherein said means for providing a wireless link comprises means for operatively connecting the at least one weather sensor to said local-area-network for allowing local-area-network users at said jobsite to monitor said at least one weather sensor and to the internet for allowing said remote users and said network operations users to monitor said at least one weather sensor said using a web browser. 51. A system according to claim 46, wherein said monitoring system includes a mobile camera, and wherein said means for providing a wireless link further comprises means for operatively connecting the mobile camera to networking equipment housed in said enclosure and for operatively connecting the networking equipment housed in said enclosure to said local-area-network for allowing users at said jobsite user station to access images from the mobile camera using a web browser, and to the internet for allowing users at said remote user station and said network operations center to access images from the mobile camera functions using a web browser. 52. A system according to claim 46, wherein said monitoring system includes at least one remote camera, and wherein said means for providing a wireless link further comprises means for operatively connecting the at least one remote camera to networking equipment housed in said enclosure and for operatively connecting the networking equipment housed in said enclosure to said local-area-network for allowing users at said jobsite user station to access images and control selected functions of the at least one remote camera using a web browser, and to the internet for allowing users at said remote user station and said network operations center to access images and control selected functions of the at least one remote camera using a web browser. 53. A system according to claim 46, wherein said monitoring system includes a camera, at least one weather sensor, a mobile camera, and at least one remote camera, and wherein said means for providing a wireless link comprises means for operatively connecting the camera, the at least one weather sensor, the mobile camera, and the at least one remote camera to said local-area-network for allowing local-area-network users at said jobsite to access said camera, said at least one weather sensor, said mobile camera, and said at least one remote camera and to the internet for allowing said remote users and said network operations users to access said camera, said at least one weather sensor, said mobile camera, and said at least one remote camera using a web browser. 