The invention relates to the field of solar radiation collectors intended to convert energy of solar radiation into thermal energy, specifically, to the solar radiation collectors constructed as the combination of a concentrated solar radiation receiver, a single-curvature or compound-curvature concentrator and a tracking mechanism. A thermal insulation of the concentrated solar radiation receiver and the concentrated solar radiation receiver itself play a role of details in the tracking mechanism.
Claims 1. A solar radiation modular collector consisting of following units: a concentrating unit of the single-curvature type (one-axis sun tracking concentrator); a receiver of concentrated solar radiation, said receiver comprises: a metal pipe with an inlet and outlet connections, flexible sections at the extreme sections of said metal pipe for compensation of its thermal expansion, a black or selective coating of the outer surface of said metal pipe; joining means at the ends of said metal pipe; a thermal insulation intended to insulate thermally a significant part of said metal pipe; said thermal insulation in the form of a metal envelope has a vacuum-insulated internal cavity; said metal envelope comprises elongated internal and external sections, which are joined by two elongated connection straps and sealed at their ends by face planes; said internal elongated section comprises a cylindrical sub-section, which encloses a significant part of said metal pipe; said cylindrical sub-section is transformed at its longitudinal margins to flat or single-curved strips with a certain angle of convergence with respect to said cylindrical sub-section; said elongated external section encloses said metal pipe; the internal cavity between said elongated internal and external sections is evacuated in order to suppress convective losses of heat from said metal pipe; said internal cavity is filled with a porous material and/or layers of metal foil in order to diminish heat losses by radiation from said metal pipe; the gap between the distal longitudinal margins of said flat or single-curved strips is glazed by a glazing; said internal and external sections of said metal envelope are provided with corrugations, which decrease to zero in the vicinity of said connection straps; said receiver is positioned in the zone of the focal line of said single-curvature concentrator; a set of truss struts joining said concentrating unit with said metal envelope; a tracking unit, which ensures tracking the sun by said concentrating unit; an auxiliary means for installation of said concentrating unit, said metal pipe and said metal envelope. 2. A solar radiation modular collector as claimed in claim 1, wherein said metal pipe is provided at its extreme sections with flexible sections in order to compensate its thermal expansion. 3. A solar radiation modular collector as claimed in claim 1, wherein said metal pipe is provided with a set of low circular ribs in order to prevent immediate contact of said black or selective coating with the inner surface of said elongated internal section. 4. A solar radiation modular collector as claimed in claim 3, wherein the cylindrical surfaces of said circular ribs are provided with an antifriction coating. 5. A solar radiation modular collector as claimed in claim 1, wherein the ends of said metal pipe are provided with flanges. 6. A solar radiation modular collector as claimed in claim 1, wherein said metal pipe is installed on two posts, which serve as said auxiliary means, and said metal envelope can rotate around said metal pipe. 7. A solar radiation modular collector as claimed in claim 1, wherein the outer surface of said external section of said metal envelope is provided with a selective coating, which absorbs concentrated solar radiation. 8. A solar radiation modular collector as claimed in claim 1, wherein reflecting shields from metal foil are positioned in said internal cavity of said metal envelope. 9. A solar radiation modular collector as claimed in claim 8, wherein said internal cavity of said metal envelope is filled with gas. 10. A solar radiation modular collector as claimed in claim 9, wherein said gas has low thermal conductivity. 11. A solar radiation modular collector as claimed in claim 1, wherein said internal cavity is filled with powdered solid material. 12. A solar radiation modular collector as claimed in claim 1, wherein the extreme sections of said metal pipe are provided with threads instead of said flanges. 13. A solar radiation modular collector as claimed in claim 1, wherein there are some said metal envelopes situated around one said metal pipe, and, correspondingly, there are some said concentrating units, which are joined with said metal envelopes. 14. A solar radiation collector assembled from some said solar radiation modular collectors as it is claimed in claim 1; said some solar radiation modular collectors are placed in the form of parallel rows and said metal pipes are interconnected in series in each said row. 15. A solar radiation collector as claimed in claim 14, wherein said solar radiation modular collectors, which are positioned in parallel, have common tracking units. 16. A solar radiation modular collector consisting of following units and details: a concentrating unit of the compound-curvature type with a frame; a bearing pipe with an inlet and outlet connections and flexible joints at its extreme sections for compensation of its thermal expansion; said bearing pipe is intended for transport of heat by a working medium flowing in it; said bearing pipe is provided with a thermal insulation layer; posts for mounting said bearing pipe; some T-pieces, which are built into said bearing pipe; the lower branch of each said T-piece is sealed by a metal convex spherical cap and a part of its outer surface of the T-piece is covered with a thermal insulation layer; a solar radiation receiving unit, which is constructed from a dish-type plate and a double-wall funnel; the upper side of said dish-type plate has the concave surface in the form of a spherical segment with the radius almost identical to that of said metal convex spherical cap; in such a way, this pair: said spherical cap of the T-piece and said concave surface of said dish-type plate present a spherical joint; the lower surface of said dish-type plate is covered with a layer of solar radiation absorption coating; the upper edge of the internal wall of said double-wall funnel is joined with the edge of said dish-type plate and the edge of its outer wall is provided with a flange; a glazing of the distal (lower) aperture of said double-wall funnel; a bearing housing with a split lower flange and two longitudinal slots; said bearing housing is mounted on said thermal insulation layer of said T-piece; a clamp, which closes the open sections of said bearing housing; a flexible joint that joins said split lower flange of said bearing housing and said flange of said double-wall funnel; a tracking unit, which ensures tracking the sun by said concentrating unit of the compound-curvature type; said tracking unit includes tracking rods, which are joined by hinges with said frame. 17. A solar radiation modular collector as claimed in claim 16, wherein a funnel with a single wall is applied instead of said double-wall funnel; the lower edge of said single-wall funnel is joined with a connecting branch with a flange, which is joined in turn with the lower flange of said flexible joint; said truss struts are joined in this case with said connecting branch. 18. A solar radiation modular collector as claimed in claim 16, wherein said dish-type plate is not used and the outer surface of said metal convex spherical cap is provided with a radiation absorption coating; said radiation absorption coating is stable against friction with the upper edge of said double-wall funnel. 19. A solar radiation modular collector as claimed in claim 16, wherein the internal surface of said internal wall of said double-wall funnel has a high value of light reflection coefficient. 20. A solar radiation collector assembled from some said solar radiation modular collectors as it is claimed in claim 16; said some solar radiation modular collectors are placed in the form of parallel rows; said bearing pipes are interconnected in series in each said row; said solar radiation modular collectors, which are positioned in parallel and/or belong to said one set of interconnected in series said bearing pipes, have common tracking units. 