The present invention includes device, system, method of using and making a surveillance apparatus including a single image event activated detection module configured to collect data and a communication unit operably connected to the capture module to communicate with a remote central monitoring unit.
Claims 1. A surveillance apparatus comprising: a single image event activated detection module configured to collect data; a communication unit operably connected to the detection module to communicate with a remote central monitoring unit; and a power module comprising a battery source in electrical communication with a solar panel for storage of energy generated by the solar panel, the battery source independently powering the single image event activated detection module and the communication unit. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the communication unit comprises a cellular phone. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the remote central monitoring unit comprises a cellular phone. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the detection module detects heat, light, motion, temperature, sound, a photo-electric beam, an infrared beam, a laser beam, a microwave beam, a visible light beam, a UV beam, motion or combinations thereof. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the communication unit includes a modem, a RF modem, a satellite modem, a broadband modem, a laser communication device, a RF communication device, a RF-ID communication device, an IR communication device or combinations thereof. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the detection module is a still photographic camera, a digital camera, an analog camera, an IR camera, a night vision camera, a microphone or combinations thereof. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the communication unit includes a cellular phone, the detection module detects motion and the detection module is a digital camera. 8. A surveillance system comprising: a sensor, wherein the sensor monitors a parameter associated with the sensor; a capture module in communication with the sensor; a wireless communication module operable linked to the sensor, wherein the wireless communication module communicates with a remote monitoring unit; and a power control mechanism connected to the surveillance system. 9. The surveillance system of claim 8, wherein the detection module detects heat, light, motion, temperature, sound, a photo-electric beam, an infrared beam, a laser beam, a microwave beam, a visible light beam, a UV beam, motion or combinations thereof. 10. The surveillance system of claim 8, wherein the communication unit includes a modem a RF modem, a satellite modem, a broadband modem, a laser communication device, a RF communication device, a RF-ID communication device, an IR communication device or combinations thereof. 11. The surveillance system of claim 8, wherein the capture module is a still photographic camera, a digital camera, an analog camera, an IR camera, a night vision camera, a microphone or combinations thereof. 12. The surveillance system of claim 8, wherein the communication unit comprises a modem, and the detection module comprises a digital camera. 13. The surveillance system of claim 8, wherein the power control mechanism comprises a solar panel. 14. A method of performing surveillance comprising the steps of: activating a surveillance component; capturing an image with a surveillance component, wherein the surveillance component includes a wireless transmitter; transmitting the image to a wireless communication control unit remotely disposed with respect thereto; and processing the transmitted image. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein the step of activating a surveillance component includes the detection of heat, light, motion, temperature, sound or combinations thereof. 16. The method of claim 14, wherein the wireless transmitter includes a modem, a RF modem, a satellite modem, a broadband modem, a laser communication device, a RF communication device, a RF-ID communication device, an IR communication device or combinations thereof. 17. The method of claim 14, wherein the surveillance component is a still photographic camera, a digital camera, an analog camera, an IR camera, a night vision camera, a microphone or combinations thereof. 18. The method of claim 14, wherein the communication unit comprises a modem, the detection module detects motion and the detection module comprises a digital camera. 19. The method of claim 14, wherein the power control mechanism comprises a solar panel. 20. The method of claim 14, wherein the wireless communication control unit comprises a cellular phone. 21. A surveillance system for remote locations comprising: an enclosure; a motion sensor disposed within the enclosure and operable to detect motion external to the enclosure; an image capture module communicably coupled and activated by the motion sensor; and a cellular communication module operable linked to the capture module for transmitting one or more images obtained by the image capture module. 