Systems and methods for managing power usage are provided. The system includes a programmable microprocessor, at least one input mechanism, a memory having instructions and/or other information, a display, at least one power consuming power device and a remote server. The systems allows the user of a power consuming device to receive instructions or other information from the server. The method includes using stored program instructions to generate power device related information on a display, collecting power device data representative of the electrical current or power consumed, connecting to a remote computing facility having a server, and providing the data to a computer remotely located from the central server.
Claims 1. A system for remotely monitoring a power device, the system comprising: A) a server; B) a remote interface for entering in the server a set of queries; and C) a remotely programmable apparatus for interacting with the power device, the remotely programmable apparatus being in communication with the server; wherein the server comprises: i) a script generator for generating a script program from the set of queries and a profile, the script program being executable by the remotely programmable apparatus to communicate the set of queries to the power consumer, to receive responses to the set of queries, and to transmit the responses from the remotely programmable apparatus to the server; and ii) a database connected to the script generator, the database for storing the script program, the responses to the set of queries, and the power consumer profile; and wherein the remotely programmable apparatus comprises: i) a communication device for receiving the script program from the server and for transmitting the responses to the server; ii) an interface for communicating the set of queries to the power consumer and for receiving the responses to the set of queries; iii) a memory for storing the script program and the responses to the set of queries; and iv) a processor connected to the communication device, the interface, and the memory for executing the script program to (a) communicate the set of queries to the power consumer, (b) receive the responses to the set of queries, and (c) transmit the responses to the server. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the user interface comprises a display for displaying the queries, and input buttons for entering the responses. 3. The system of claim 1, further comprising at least one sensor for monitoring electrical current or power consumption associated with operation of the power device and for producing signals representative of the monitored electrical current or power consumed, wherein the remotely programmable apparatus further includes a device interface connected to the processor for receiving the signals from the sensor, the memory capable of storing the signals, and the communication device includes a transmitter to transmit the signals to the server. 4. The system of claim 3, wherein the device interface includes an interface unit to interface with a plurality of monitoring devices, and the script program specifies a selected one or more of the plurality of monitoring devices from which to collect the signals. 5. The system of claim 3, wherein the server further comprises a report generator adapted to display the responses and the signals on the remote interface. 6. The system of claim 1, further comprising a plurality of remotely programmable apparatuses in communication with the server, the plurality of remotely programmable apparatuses for remotely monitoring a plurality of power devices, wherein the database includes storage for a plurality of script programs, the remote interface includes a device to enter script assignment information, the server includes script an assignment mechanism connected to the database to assign to each of the plurality of apparatuses at least one of the plurality of script programs in accordance with the script assignment information, and the database further includes storage for a list of the plurality of apparatuses, and for each of the plurality of apparatuses, a respective pointer to the at least one of the plurality of script programs assigned to each of the plurality of apparatuses. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the script program can be customized based on the user profile. 8. A system for managing power usage comprising: a plurality of networked customer sites, each site comprising, a programmable microprocessor; at least one input mechanism; a memory having instructions and/or other information; a display; at least one power device comprising at least one sensor operable for monitoring electrical current or power consumed associated with operation of the power device and for producing signals representative of the monitored electrical current or power consumed; a communications device connectable in signal communication with both the programmable microprocessor and the at least one sensor; and program instructions for the programmable microprocessor that, (i) cause instructions and/or other information stored in the memory to be presented to a user on the display, (ii) collect data from a user interaction with the at least one input mechanism in response to the display and stores data in memory, (iii) collect data from the at least one sensor and stores the data in memory, (iv) transmit data to a remotely located server, (v) receive instructions from the server and/or other information stored on the server for transmission to the programmable microprocessor, and (vi) store instructions and/or other information in the memory, wherein the plurality of customer sites are configured to act as a virtual utility or power co-op. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein the virtual utility or power co-op negotiates for better power prices based on managed consumption and predictable usage patterns. 10. The system of claim 8, wherein the virtual utility or power co-op negotiates for permission-based or profile-based blackout management. 11. The system of claim 10, wherein blackout management comprises blacking out specific local usages. 12. The system of claim 8, wherein at least a portion of the plurality of networked customer sites locally generates power. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein the virtual utility or power co-op aggregates the local power generation and sells energy back to a utility. 14. The system of claim 12, further comprising at least one of: solar units, wind turbines, geothermal units, fuel cells, biofuels, or exercise equipment. 15. The system of claim 8, further comprising sensors on electrical outlets. 16. The system of claim 8, wherein electrical power devices in the plurality of networked customer sites can be controlled remotely. 17. The system of claim 8, wherein the signals are transmitted via RF transmission. 18. The system of claim 8, further comprising program instructions enabling authentication of a user of the system. 19. The system of claim 8, wherein a user comprises at least one of: the power consumer, a utility representative, or a third party. 20. The system of claim 8, further comprising at least one third party in signal communication with the server. 21. The system of claim 20, further comprising program instructions enabling authentication of a user of the system, a utility representative and/or the third party. 22. The system of claim 21, wherein the power consumer, the utility representative and/or the third party have different levels of access to the system. 23. A method of using a modular microprocessor system for managing power usage comprising: (a) at a plurality of power device sites employing at least one power device, (i) using stored program instructions to generate power device related information on at least one display; (ii) collecting power device related data using a programmable microprocessor; (b) connecting at least one remotely located computing 10 facility including at least one central server for communication with a communications device at the power device sites; (c) providing the power device data to at least one computer remotely located from and in signal communication with the central server, wherein hardware and software of the central server are configured to receive and store power device-related data from the plurality of power device sites that can be viewed or retrieved by a user from the remotely located computer; and (d) aggregating the plurality of power device sites into a virtual utility or power co-op. 24. The method of claim 23, wherein the aggregate of power device sites buys and/or sells power as a group. 25. The method of claim 23, wherein the aggregate of power device sites manages power within the group in order to optimize financial returns. 26. The method of claim 23, wherein the aggregate of power device sites is metered as a group with respect to a utility grid. 27. The system of claim 10, wherein blackout management comprises blacking out specific devices. 