A surveillance system provides a plurality of monitoring units placed in remote locations without access to electrical power. Each monitoring unit includes a self-powering source including at least one of batteries, solar cells, a hydroelectric generator, a wind generator and a hydrogen fuel cell. The power source provides power to surveillance components such as cameras, lights, infrared illuminators, DVRs, and transmitters. The power source also provides power to other components in the housing of the monitoring units such as temperature control, keycard access, and excess power made available at an outlet at the housing. Each monitoring unit wirelessly transmits video signals from each of the cameras to a hub or receiver that directs the images to the internet. An internet user with the proper access code can access the video surveillance and remotely control the cameras and other components of the monitoring units.
Claims 1. A stand alone surveillance system comprising: a self-generating power source; a digital video recorder (DVR); a plurality of video cameras, each obtaining digital signals of images and providing said digital signals to said DVR that records said images; and a remote receiver that receives wirelessly transmitted signals of said images from said DVR and provides said images to internet by way of a plurality of video signals corresponding to said plurality of video cameras. 2. The stand alone surveillance system as in claim 1, wherein a transmitter/receiver coupled to said DVR generates said wirelessly transmitted signals based on DVR signals sent from said DVR to said transmitter/receiver. 3. The stand alone surveillance system as in claim 2, wherein said transmitter/receiver comprises one of a satellite transmitter, a cellular modem transmitter and a high gain access portal transmitter. 4. The stand alone surveillance system as in claim 2, wherein said transmitter/receiver also receives commands from said internet and said remote receiver comprises an antenna that further sends signals from said internet to said DVR. 5. The stand alone surveillance system as in claim 4, further comprising an inverter that receives power from said self-generating power source and a load center that distributes said power at least to said plurality of video cameras, said DVR and said transmitter/receiver, wherein said inverter, said DVR and said load center are disposed within a housing. 6. The stand alone surveillance system as in claim 5, further comprising said load center distributing said power to a temperature control for said housing, an electronic key card reader for entry into said housing, a power monitor and a power outlet receptacle. 7. The stand alone surveillance system as in claim 6, wherein said remote receiver further sends signals from said internet to control said plurality of cameras, said DVR, said temperature control for said housing, said electronic key card reader, said power monitor and said power outlet receptacle. 8. The stand alone surveillance system as in claim 1, wherein said wirelessly transmitted signals include a frequency of about 2.4 MHz, 3.5 MHz or 5.8 MHz. 9. The stand alone surveillance system as in claim 7, wherein said remote receiver, said DVR, said temperature control for said housing, said electronic key card entry for said housing, said power monitor and said power outlet are each accessed using a separate IP address. 10. The stand alone surveillance system as in claim 1, further comprising an inverter and load center that delivers power from said self-generating power source to said plurality of cameras and said DVR and wherein said self-generating power source comprises at least one of a battery, a solar panel, a hydrogen fuel cell, a hydroelectric generator and a wind-generator and said inverter further delivers said power to a charger that charges said battery. 11. The stand alone surveillance system as in claim 1, wherein said DVR includes a multiplexer. 12. The stand alone surveillance system as in claim 1, wherein said self-generating power source comprises at least one of a battery, a solar panel, a hydroelectric generator and a wind-generator. 13. The stand alone surveillance system as in claim 1, wherein said self-generating power source comprises a hydrogen fuel cell with a lifetime of at least 3 months without replenishing. 14. The stand alone surveillance system as in claim 1, wherein at least one of said plurality of cameras comprises a pan tilt zoom camera. 15. The stand alone surveillance system as in claim 1, wherein said plurality of video signals is displayed on said internet simultaneously and using one IP address. 16. The stand alone surveillance system as in claim 1, wherein said DVR transmits said wirelessly transmitted signal via a transmitter that is at least about 10 miles from said remote receiver and said remote receiver receives said wirelessly transmitted signals via satellite. 17. The stand alone surveillance system as in claim 1, wherein said remote receiver receives said wirelessly transmitted signals via a cellular network. 18. The stand alone surveillance system as in claim 1, wherein said self-generating power source comprises a plurality of batteries and further comprising an electrical power source providing power to an inverter that charges said batteries. 19. The stand alone surveillance system as in claim 1, further comprising an electrical power source that provides power to an inverter that distributes said power to said plurality of cameras and said DVR, and a switch that switches from said electrical power source to said self-generating power source substantially instantly when said electrical power source ceases to provide electrical power. 20. The stand alone surveillance system as in claim 1, wherein each of said plurality of cameras is controllable responsive to commands sent from said internet, said commands controlling said camera to at least one of rotate by 360.degree., zoom in and zoom out and said DVR is controllable responsive to DVR commands sent from said internet, said DVR commands controlling said DVR to at least one of rewind and freeze. 21. The stand alone surveillance system as in claim 1, further comprising an infrared illuminator adjacent at least one of said plurality of cameras. 22. A stand alone surveillance system comprising a plurality of monitoring units and a receiver hub; each monitoring unit comprising: a self-generating power source including at least one of a battery, a hydrogen fuel cell, a solar panel, a hydroelectric generator and a wind generator; a digital video recorder (DVR); an inverter; and a plurality of video cameras, each recording digital signals of video images and providing said digital signals to said DVR that records said video images; and said receiver hub having a receiver that receives wireless signals of said video images from each said DVR and provides said video images to be simultaneously displayed on the internet. 23. The stand alone surveillance system as in claim 22, wherein a first monitoring unit of said plurality of monitoring units is spaced at least about 5 miles from said receiver hub and said DVR of said first monitoring unit is coupled to a transmitter that transmits said wireless signals of said video images to said receiver hub via satellite. 24. The stand alone surveillance system as in claim 22, wherein a first monitoring unit of said plurality of monitoring units is spaced at least about 3 miles from said receiver hub and said DVR of said first monitoring unit is coupled to a transmitter that transmits said wireless signals of said video images to said receiver hub via a cellular/modem network. 25. The stand alone surveillance system as in claim 22, wherein a first monitoring unit of said plurality of monitoring units is spaced less than 3 miles from said receiver hub and said DVR of said first monitoring unit is coupled to an access portal transmitter that transmits said wireless signals of said video images to said receiver hub at a frequency of about 2.4 MHz, 3.5 MHz or 5.8 MHz. 26. The stand alone surveillance system as in claim 22, wherein each monitoring unit includes said DVR disposed within a housing and further comprising, disposed within said housing, an inverter that receives power from said associated self-generating power source, a power distributing load center and a low voltage power distributing load center, said low voltage distributing load center providing power being one of 12 and 24 volts. 27. The stand alone surveillance system as in claim 22, further comprising said receiver hub receiving commands from said internet and wirelessly transmitting command signals to each of said monitoring units. 28. The stand alone surveillance system as in claim 27, wherein each monitoring unit includes a housing, at least one said camera comprises a pan tilt zoom camera and said command signals control each said DVR, each said camera, and a temperature control device, a said electronic key card reader and a power monitor disposed at each said housing. 29. The stand alone surveillance system as in claim 22, further comprising an infrared illuminator adjacent each of said plurality of cameras. 30. A method for monitoring events at a remote location, said method comprising: self generating power from a self-generating power source, directing said power to a digital video recorder (DVR) and at least one video camera disposed at a surveillance unit; each video camera obtaining digital signals of video images and providing said digital signals to said DVR; recording said images using said DVR; wirelessly transmitting a video signal corresponding to each said camera, from said DVR to a receiver; and said receiver providing a video image corresponding to each said video signal, to the internet. 31. The method as in claim 30, wherein said at least one video camera comprises a plurality of video cameras and further comprising simultaneously displaying a plurality of video images corresponding to said plurality of cameras on a monitor. 32. The method as in claim 30, wherein said directing said power to said DVR and said plurality of video cameras includes first directing said power to an inverter. 33. The method as in claim 30, wherein said at least one video camera comprises a plurality of video cameras and further comprising selecting a single IP address of said internet and controlling said plurality of video cameras and said DVR via said IP address. 34. The method as in claim 30, wherein said controlling comprises at least one of rotating said camera by 360.degree., zooming in, zooming out, replaying said video images and freezing said video images. 35. The method as in claim 30, further comprising: said self-generating power source, said DVR, said at least one video camera, and an inverter disposed within a housing; said self-generating power source further providing outlet power to a receptacle at said housing; and selecting an internet address of said internet and controlling at least one of temperature at said housing, an electronic key card reader at said housing, and power made available at said receptacle, from said internet. 36. The method as in claim 30, wherein said self-generating power source comprises at least one of a wind generator, a hydroelectric generator, at least one battery, a hydrogen fuel cell, and at least one solar panel. 37. A method for monitoring events at a plurality of remote locations, said method comprising: providing a plurality of monitoring units, each monitoring unit comprising: a self-powering source including at least one of a battery, a hydrogen fuel cell, a solar panel, a hydroelectric generator, and a wind generator; a digital video recorder (DVR); an inverter; and a plurality of video cameras, each recording digital signals of video images and providing said digital signals of video images to said DVR that records said video images; providing a hub with transmit and receive capabilities; wirelessly transmitting a video signal from each camera of each said monitoring unit to said hub; and said hub providing a video image corresponding to each said video signal, to the internet. 38. The method as in claim 37, wherein said providing a video image comprises simultaneously displaying a plurality of said video images on a monitor. 39. The method as in claim 38, wherein said plurality of video images from a particular one of said DVRs is identified by a single internet IP address. 40. The method as in claim 37, further comprising selecting an internet address of said internet and controlling said plurality of video cameras and said DVR from said internet. 41. The method as in claim 37, further comprising: a housing containing each said monitoring unit; for each said monitoring unit, said associated self-generating power source further providing through said inverter, power to an outlet power receptacle at said associated housing; and selecting an internet address of said internet and controlling at least one of interior temperature of said housing, an electronic key card reader for entry into said housing, and power consumption from said power outlet receptacle via said internet. 