Solar panels and assembled arrays thereof include a collection of relatively compact, high-capacity power units. Optical components of each power unit include a front window or surface glazing, a primary mirror, secondary mirror and receiver assembly. Primary and secondary mirrors are defined by respective perimeters, at least a portion of which may be substantially coplanar and in contact with the front window. Some primary mirrors are configured with a perimeter of alternating full and truncated sections, and are curved to a base portion forming a pilot hole therein. Receiver assembly mechanical components include an alignment tube for mating with the primary mirror's pilot hole and for housing a photovoltaic solar cell. A base plate provided adjacent to the alignment tube serves to radiate heat emitted by the solar cell, and in some embodiments an additional heat sink provides further passive cooling. A tapered optical rod also provided within the receiver assembly directs received sunlight to the solar cell where electrical current is generated.
Claims 1. A power unit, comprising: a substantially planar surface; a curved primary mirror having a first perimeter that is radially symmetric about a first axis, wherein at least a portion of said first perimeter is in contact with said substantially planar surface; and a secondary mirror having a second perimeter that is radially symmetric about a second axis, wherein at least a portion of said second perimeter is in contact with said substantially planar surface; and wherein the first axis of said curved primary mirror and the second axis of said secondary mirror are substantially coaxial. 2. The power unit of claim 2, wherein said first and second perimeters and characterized by respective first and second diameters and wherein said first diameter is more than four times greater than said second diameter. 3. The power unit of claim 1, wherein said first and second perimeters are substantially coplanar. 4. The power unit of claim 3, wherein said first and second coaxial axes are substantially perpendicular to said substantially planar surface. 5. The power unit of claim 1, wherein said first and second perimeters are both substantially circular. 6. The power unit of claim 1, wherein said first perimeter is defined by n full sections and n truncated sections provided in an alternating fashion, wherein each full section of said first perimeter is provided in contact with said substantially planar surface, and wherein each truncated section is formed to define an arc extending away from said substantially planar surface that exists in a respective plane perpendicular to said substantially planar surface. 7. The power unit of claim 6, wherein n is an integer number between three and nine. 8. The power unit of claim 6, further comprising a plurality of mounting tabs, wherein each mounting tab is attached to a selected full section of said first. perimeter to provide respective surfaces for contact with said substantially planar surface. 9. The power unit of claim 1, wherein said secondary mirror is curved. 10. A solar panel, comprising: a substantially planar front surface; a plurality of power units, each power unit comprising first and second mirrors and a receiver assembly; wherein each said first mirror is defined by a first perimeter and a first curved area extending therefrom, wherein at least a portion of said first perimeter of each said first mirror is in contact with said substantially planar front surface; wherein each said second mirror is defined by a second perimeter and defined by a second curved area extending therefrom, wherein the length of each said second perimeter is less than the length of each said first perimeter, and wherein at least a portion of said second perimeter of each said second mirror is in contact with said substantially planar front surface. 11. The solar panel of claim 10, wherein the first and second perimeters of each said first and second mirrors are substantially circular and substantially coplanar, and wherein each said first and second mirrors in a given said power unit are radially symmetric about an axis substantially perpendicular to said substantially planar front surface. 12. The solar panel of claim 10, wherein the first mirror of each power unit is formed to define a pilot hole therein, and wherein the receiver assembly of each said power unit is provided with an alignment feature that is oriented through the pilot hole of its respective first mirror. 13. The solar panel of claim 10, wherein the receiver assembly of each power unit further comprises: an optical rod for receiving sunlight from the power unit's corresponding second mirror; and a photovoltaic cell provided at the base of said optical rod. 14. The solar panel of claim 13, further comprising an anti-reflective coating provided on at least a portion of each said optical rod. 15. The solar panel of claim 10, further comprising an anti-reflective coating provided on said substantially planar front surface. 16. The solar panel of claim 10, wherein the first perimeter of each said first mirror is defined by n full sections and n truncated sections provided in an alternating fashion, wherein n is an integer number between three and nine. 17. The solar panel of claim 16, wherein the full sections of each said first perimeter are provided in contact with said substantially planar front surface, and wherein each truncated section of each said first perimeter is formed to define an arc extending away from said substantially planar surface that exists in a respective plane perpendicular to said substantially planar surface. 18. The solar panel of claim 16, wherein the first perimeter of each said first mirror has at least two truncated sections that are respectively provided adjacent to a truncated section of the first perimeter of another power unit. 19. The solar panel of claim 10, wherein said solar panel is configured to provide a power output of at least about 500 Watts. 20. A power unit for a solar panel, comprising: a primary mirror formed to define a pilot hole at the base thereof and curving out from said pilot hole to a first perimeter portion; and a receiver assembly, comprising: an alignment element for mating with the pilot hole of said primary mirror; and a solar cell configured to receive sunlight directed to said receiver assembly and to produce a resultant electrical current flow. 21. The power unit of claim 20, wherein said receiver assembly further comprises a base plate provided adjacent to said alignment element and configured to radiate heat emitted by said solar cell. 22. The power unit of claim 21, wherein said alignment element comprises a tapered tube portion and a substantially wider base portion, said substantially wider base portion provided adjacent to said base plate, and wherein said solar cell is mounted in said alignment element. 23. The power unit of claim 21, wherein said base plate is configured as a substantially planar conductive element. 24. The power unit of claim 21, wherein said base plate is formed with a series of substantially concentric circular portions therein to facilitate flexibility within said base plate. 25. The power unit of claim 21, wherein said receiver assembly further comprises a substrate to which said solar cell is mounted, said substrate comprising electrical connections for relaying the electrical current generated within said solar cell. 26. The power unit of claim 20, wherein said receiver assembly further comprises a heat sink provided adjacent to said solar cell for dissipating heat emitted by said solar cell. 27. The power unit of claim 20, wherein said receiver assembly further comprises an optical rod fitted at least partially within said alignment element, said optical rod configured to guide sunlight received by said power unit to said solar cell. 28. The power unit of claim 27, further comprising an anti-reflective coating provided on at least a portion of said optical rod. 29. The power unit of claim 27, wherein said optical rod is tapered away from an entrance surface thereof. 30. The power unit of claim 20, further comprising a front surface provided adjacent to and adhered to at least part of the first perimeter portion of said primary mirror, said front surface characterized by a plurality of edges. 31. The power unit of claim 30, further comprising a housing for receiving selected edges of said front surface. 32. The power unit of claim 30, further comprising an anti-reflective coating provided on said front surface. 33. The power unit of claim 30, wherein said receiver assembly further comprises a base plate provided adjacent to said alignment element and configured to radiate heat emitted by said solar cell, and wherein said base plate is coupled to said housing. 34. The power unit of claim 33, further comprising a plurality of coil springs for coupling said base plate to said housing. 35. The power unit of claim 30, further comprising a secondary mirror having a second perimeter portion provided in contact with said front surface, wherein said second mirror is positioned in a substantially linear relationship with the pilot hole of said primary mirror. 36. The power unit of claim 20, further comprising at least one mounting ring provided around said alignment element, said at least one mounting ring being configured to mate with the pilot hole formed in said primary mirror. 37. A solar array, comprising: at least one panel of power units provided in a substantially planar and adjacent relationship to one another, wherein each power unit comprises a primary mirror, a secondary mirror and a receiver assembly; and a motorized assembly coupled to said at least one panel of power units and configured for orienting said at least one panel relative to a direction of applied sunlight. 38. The solar array of claim 37, further comprising a pole to which said at least one panel of power units is mounted. 39. The solar array of claim 37, comprising four panels of power units. 40. The solar array of claim 39, wherein said array is capable of producing a power output of at least about 2000 Watts. 41. The solar panel of claim 37, further comprising a microcontroller with memory for storing data corresponding to the desired direction of orientation of said at least one panel of power units at different times through the course of a day, said microcontroller being coupled to said motorized assembly. 42. The solar panel of claim 41, further comprising a communication link coupled to said microcontroller for receiving data from a locally linked computing device or for receiving data remotely via a network connection. 43. The solar panel of claim 41, further comprising a sun sensor configured to receive sunlight and provide information to said microcontroller regarding the desired direction of orientation of said at least one panel of power units. 44. The solar panel of claim 37, further comprising a front window to which selected of the primary and secondary mirrors of each power unit in said at least one panel of power units is attached. 45. The solar panel of claim 44, further comprising: a housing; and a gasket for sealing said front window to said housing. 46. The solar panel of claim 37, wherein the receiver assembly of each power unit further comprises a solar cell configured to receive sunlight directed to said receiver assembly and to produce a resultant electrical current flow. 47. The solar panel of claim 46, wherein said receiver assembly of each power unit further comprises a substrate to which said solar cell is mounted, said substrate comprising electrical connections for relaying the electrical current generated within said solar cell. 48. The solar panel of claim 46, wherein the receiver assembly of each power unit further comprises a base plate configured to radiate heat emitted by said solar cell. 49. The solar panel of claim 48, wherein said base plate is formed with with a series of substantially concentric circular portions therein to facilitate flexibility within said base plate. 50. The solar panel of claim 46, wherein the receiver assembly of each said power unit further comprises an optical rod for directing sunlight received by each said power unit to its respective said solar cell. 51. The solar panel of claim 37, wherein the primary mirror of each said power unit is formed to define a pilot hole therein, and wherein the receiver assembly of each said power unit comprises an alignment tube for mating with said pilot hole. 52. The solar panel of claim 51, wherein the receiver assembly of each said alignment element further comprises at least one mounting ring provided around said alignment tube. 53. The solar panel of claim 37, wherein the primary mirror of each said power unit is formed with a perimeter having a substantially circular shape. 54. The solar panel of claim 37, wherein the primary mirror of each said power unit is formed with a perimeter having a near-square shape. 55. The solar panel of claim 37, wherein the primary mirror of each said power unit is formed with a perimeter having a near-hexagonal shape. 