My invention creates a method of utilizing battery powered, solar rechargeable, universal self-contained character display units useful for creating attention-getting messages, location identifiers such as maps, and address identification display modules. A typical embodiment consists of a container unit comprising an elevation and rotationally adjustable solar panel, an extended power life rechargeable battery, a night/day sensor/switch, an appropriate number of ultra bright, long life LED light sources. In nighttime or low light conditions, the LED(s) illuminate a passively reflective character imprinted on an interchangeable character board.
Claims 1. a self-contained, universal character and information display unit that improves the prior art by increasing the illumination of the information characters, eliminating the dependence on commercial utility power, and adds flexibility to the selection and arrangement of the separate characters into an information display unit. 2. said unit utilizes selected off the shelf and functionality matched components, minimum in quantity and maximum in specification qualities, state of the art active components--solar panel matched with battery, battery matched with LED light source, light source matched for illumination performance. 3. said solar panel being adjustable for rotation and elevation, being physically removable from the character alignment and mounting methods while staying electrically hard connected. 4. said batteries being solar rechargeable, deep cycle, long life, high capacity output, environmentally friendly. 5. said light source being ultra bright white LED(s) of exceptionally long life. 6. An off the shelf reliable night-day sensor-switch for 24/7 operation. 7. A passive removable universal interchangeable character board for presenting any desired character for display (address identification, message, location identifier such as a map). 8. Said character board can effectively utilize high contrast, reflective information boards such as the demonstration embodiment's high-gloss reflective white character painted on low gloss black background. 9. A container unit of various sizes and shapes for enclosure of said components and attaching mechanism for mounting unit and attachment of solar panel mounting to unit. 