A phase change material, including multiple phase change materials of different formulations, is placed in heat transfer association with an electronics enclosure (e.g., a sealed enclosure) deployed in an environment that causes the electronics and the phase change material to experience periods of heating and periods of cooling. During the periods of heating, the phase change material absorbs heat and changes at least partially from a first state to a second state to maintain the temperature of the electronics at a desirable level. During the periods of cooling, the phase change material reverts at least partially back to the first state for future heat absorption. The phase change material is cooled by a thermally cooler body such as the night sky. The electronics enclosure and phase change material may be placed in a second enclosure covered with a paint having a paint additive that reflects solar radiation.
Claims 1. An apparatus for cooling an electronics environment, comprising: an electronics enclosure configured to receive electronics; and a phase change material disposed in association with a location defined for the electronics, the electronics enclosure adapted to be deployed in an environment causing the electronics and the phase change material (i) to experience periods of heating undesirable for the electronics during which the phase change material changes at least partially from a first state to a second state in a manner absorbing heat to maintain temperature at a desirable level for the electronics and (ii) to experience periods of cooling allowing the phase change material to revert at least partially back to the first state for future heat absorption. 2. The apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the electronics enclosure is a sealed enclosure and the electronics are disposed in the sealed enclosure. 3. The apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the phase change material is in contact with one or more portions of the electronics enclosure that are exposed to external temperature variations that influence temperature internal to the electronics enclosure. 4. The apparatus according to claim 1 further comprising: a second enclosure, the electronics enclosure being disposed inside the second enclosure. 5. The apparatus according to claim 4 wherein the phase change material is disposed between an exterior surface of the electronics enclosure and an interior surface of the second enclosure. 6. The apparatus according to claim 4 further comprising: a paint applied to the second enclosure, the paint including a paint additive that reflects a near infrared spectrum to reduce external solar loading to the electronics enclosure. 7. The apparatus according to claim 4 wherein the second enclosure comprises a thermal buffer. 8. The apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the phase change material is thermally exposed to a thermally cooler body than the phase change material in the second state. 9. The apparatus according to claim 8 wherein the thermally cooler body is the night sky exhibiting a black sky dome effect. 10. The apparatus according to claim 8 wherein the thermally cooler body is a surface of a building that cools faster than the phase change material. 11. The apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the phase change material comprises multiple phase change materials of different formulations. 12. The apparatus according to claim 1 further comprising: a sensor monitoring air temperature within the electronics enclosure selectively causing an active cooling mechanism to operate. 13. A method for cooling an electronics environment, comprising: positioning a phase change material in association with a location defined for electronics in an environment causing the electronics and the phase change material (i) to experience periods of heating undesirable for the electronics during which the phase change material changes at least partially from a first state to a second state in a manner absorbing heat to maintain temperature at a desirable level for the electronics and (ii) to experience periods of cooling allowing the phase change material to revert at least partially back to the first state for future heat absorption. 14. The apparatus according to claim 13 wherein the electronics enclosure is a sealed enclosure and the electronics are disposed in the sealed enclosure. 15. The method according to claim 13 wherein positioning the phase change material comprises positioning the phase change material in an electronics enclosure in a location predominantly thermally exposing the phase change material to external temperature variations that influence temperature internal to the electronics enclosure. 16. The method according to claim 13 further comprising positioning the electronics enclosure inside a second enclosure. 17. The method according to claim 16 wherein positioning the phase change material comprises positioning the phase change material between an exterior surface of the electronics enclosure and an interior surface of the second enclosure. 18. The method according to claim 16 further comprising: applying a paint to the second enclosure that includes a paint additive, the paint additive reflecting a near infrared spectrum to reduce external solar loading to the electronics enclosure. 19. The method according to claim 16 wherein the second enclosure comprises a thermal buffer. 20. The method according to claim 13 wherein positioning the phase change material comprises thermally exposing the phase change material to a thermally cooler body than the phase change material in the second state. 21. The method according to claim 20 wherein the thermally cooler body is the night sky exhibiting a black sky dome effect. 22. The method according to claim 20 wherein the thermally cooler body is a surface of a building that cools faster than the phase change material. 23. The method according to claim 13 wherein the phase change material comprises multiple phase change materials of different formulations. 24. The method according to claim 13 further comprising: monitoring air temperature within the electronics enclosure; and causing an active cooling mechanism to operate in response to the monitoring. 25. A method of manufacturing an electronics enclosure, comprising: forming an electronics enclosure with a first volume defined to receive electronics and a second volume defined to receive a phase change material, the first volume being in heat transfer association with the second volume; and positioning the phase change material in the second volume. 