A system for automatically and periodically applying moisture to curing concrete that can be transported from one location to another is provided. A portable concrete curing unit receives water from a water source and distributes such water to a moisture applicator that is situated near a curing concrete object. The moisture applicator applies moisture to the curing concrete so as to maintain the concrete object at a desired moisture level during the curing process. The concrete curing unit may contain a power source, a pump, and a controller. The controller is connected to the pump such that the pump will distribute water to the moisture applicator during an activation period. This timing function of the controller allows for a system and method of automatically and periodically curing concrete that can be controlled by the user without extensive need for manual labor during the concrete curing process.
Claims 1. A self-contained concrete curing apparatus that is adapted to be moved to remote locations at the site of concrete construction so as to be able to provide water from a water source onto a concrete object to aid in curing the concrete object, the apparatus comprising: a portable power source; an applicator that applies moisture to the concrete object; a pump that is powered by the portable power source, wherein the pump receives water from the water source and provides pressurized water to the applicator so that moisture is applied to the concrete object; a controller that periodically activates the pump so as to periodically apply moisture to the concrete object; a movable chassis onto which the power source, the pump, and the controller are mounted, wherein the chassis is sized so as to be movable between construction locations such that the apparatus can automatically apply moisture to the concrete object over a period of time to facilitate curing of the concrete object. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the portable power source is a battery. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, further comprising a second battery connected in series with the first battery. 4. The apparatus of claim 2, further comprising a solar panel for charging the battery. 5. The apparatus of claim 4, further comprising a solar charge controller coupled to the solar panel for converting sunlight into electricity in order to charge the battery. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the applicator comprises a concrete curing blanket. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the applicator comprises a hose with a plurality of openings. 8. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the applicator comprises a pervious hose. 9. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a moisture sensor for monitoring moisture on the concrete object. 10. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the controller comprises an active controller and an inactive controller that define time periods for the pump to be on and off, respectively. 11. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein the controller is configurable by the user such that a desired activation period can be set via the active controller and a desired deactivation period can be set via the inactive controller. 12. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein the active controller and the inactive controller are dials. 13. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the water source is a water tank. 14. The apparatus of claim 13, further comprising a water level sensor that monitors the water level in the water tank and notifies the user when the water in the water tank falls below a certain threshold level. 15. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein the water tank is mounted on the movable chassis. 16. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the movable chassis is a trailer that can be towed from one location to another location. 17. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a second power source, pump, and controller. 18. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the water source has a capacity of at least 750 gallons. 19. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the concrete object comprises at least one of: a wall, a column, and flat concrete. 20. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the pump is an electric pump. 21. A method of curing a concrete object, the method comprising: transporting a moisture applicator and a controller that controls providing of water from a water source to the applicator; coupling the applicator to the water source such that when the water source provides water to the applicator, the applicator diffuses moisture over the outer surface of the concrete object; programming the controller to periodically provide moisture to the applicator during a cure period to maintain a desired level of moisture on the concrete during the cure period; and initiating the controller so that the controller provides the water to the applicator during the cure period in the programmed manner so as to automatically maintain a desired level of moisture on the concrete object during the cure period. 22. The method of claim 21, wherein positioning an applicator adjacent an outer surface of the concrete object comprises positioning a cure blanket over the concrete object. 23. The method of claim 22, wherein coupling the applicator to a water source comprises coupling the applicator to hoses that are coupled to the water source so that the hoses distribute the water through the blanket so as to diffuse the water over the outer surface of the concrete object. 24. The method of claim 21, wherein transporting the controller to the location of the concrete object to be cured comprises transporting a trailer containing a water tank and an associated pump to the location of the concrete object. 25. The method of claim 21, wherein programming the controller to periodically provide the water during the cure period comprises programming the controller to provide the water at set time periods during the cure period. 26. The method of claim 21, further comprising monitoring the moisture level on the outer surface of the concrete object. 27. The method of claim 25, wherein programming the controller to provide water to the applicator to maintain a desired level of moisture on the concrete object comprises programming the controller to provide water when the monitored moisture level drops below a pre-selected quantity. 28. A system for automatically wetting a concrete structure being built remote in the field, the system comprising: a chassis that is portable via an automotive vehicle; a water pump that is positioned within the chassis; a water reservoir that can be coupled to the water pump positioned within the chassis so that the water pump can pump water from the water reservoir; an applicator that can be positioned adjacent the concrete object and is coupled to the water pump so as to apply water to the concrete object during a cure period so as to maintain a desired degree of moisture on the concrete object during the cure period; and a controller that is positioned within the chassis wherein the controller controls the operation of the pump such that the controller can be used to periodically induce the pump to pump the water to the applicator so as to maintain a desired degree of moisture on the concrete object wherein the controller is programmable so that the controller can be programmed to operate without human intervention during the cure period. 29. The system of claim 28, wherein the chassis includes a plurality of wheels permitting the chassis to be rolled over the ground to the location of the concrete object. 30. The system of claim 29, wherein the water reservoir is mounted to the chassis. 31. The system of claim 30, wherein the water reservoir holds at least 750 gallons of water. 32. The system of claim 28, wherein the applicator comprises a planar flexible applicator that can be positioned over the concrete object. 33. The system of claim 32, wherein the applicator comprises a blanket that is soaked with water when coupled to the water pump so as to diffuse water over the concrete object. 34. The system of claim 28, wherein the applicator includes one or more hoses arranged under a surface of a curing blanket so as to distribute the water over the outer surface of the concrete object under the curing blanket. 35. The system of claim 28, wherein the controller includes controls that allow an individual to select a first time period where the pump will provide water to the applicator and a second time period where the pump will be inhibited from providing water and wherein the controller then automatically enables the pump during the first time period and disables the pump during the second time period without human intervention during the cure period. 36. The system of claim 28, further comprising a moisture sensor that senses the moisture on the concrete object and wherein the controller is programmed to enable the water pump when the moisture sensor senses moisture on the concrete is below a first threshold and wherein the controller automatically enables and disables the water pump in response to the moisture sensor without human intervention during the cure period. 37. The system of claim 36, further comprising a pager that transmits a signal to a remote paging device when the moisture sensor senses moisture on the concrete is below a first threshold without human intervention during the cure period. 38. The system of claim 37, wherein the remote paging device comprises one of: a pager, a cellular telephone, a personal digital assistant, and a computer. 39. The system of claim 36, wherein a visual indicator is coupled to the moisture sensor and is activated when the moisture sensor senses moisture is below a first threshold level without human intervention during the cure period. 40. The system of claim 36, wherein an audio indicator is coupled to the moisture sensor and is activated when the moisture sensor senses moisture is below a first threshold level without human intervention during the cure period. 41. The system of claim 28, further comprising a water level sensor that senses the water level of the water reservoir without human intervention during the cure period. 42. The system of claim 41, further comprising a pager that transmits a paging signal to a remote paging device when the water level in the water reservoir falls below a first threshold without human intervention during the cure period. 43. The system of claim 41, wherein a visual indicator is coupled to the water level sensor and is activated when the water level sensor senses the water level of the water reservoir is below a first threshold level without human intervention during the cure period. 44. The system of claim 41, wherein an audio indicator is coupled to the water level sensor and is activated when the water level sensor senses the water level of the water reservoir is below a first threshold level without human intervention during the cure period. 45. The system of claim 28, wherein the cure period is approximately three days or more. 46. A portable concrete curing apparatus for maintaining a desired moisture level on a concrete object that is curing, the apparatus comprising: a portable power source; a timer coupled to the power source for generating an activation signal during a periodic activation period; and a pump electronically coupled to the timer, wherein the pump is coupled to a water source and expels pressurized water drawn from the water source during the periodic activation period in response to receiving the activation signal, the pump being coupled to an applicator that is at least partly proximate the curing concrete object so that moisture is applied to the curing concrete object during the activation period. 