A solar module for converting light into electric current includes a hollow body having a first opening for enabling light to enter the hollow body. The module further includes an inside wall and an outside wall, and at least one photoactive layer for absorbing light attached to each wall for absorbing light and converting it into electric current.
Claims 1. A solar module for converting light into electric current, comprising: a hollow body having a first opening for enabling light to enter said hollow body, an inside wall and an outside wall; at least one first photoactive layer for absorbing light attached to said inside wall and said outside wall of said body and for converting absorbed light into electric current. 2. The solar module as defined in claim 1, further comprising a second opening opposite said first opening. 3. The solar module as defined in claim 2, wherein said body comprises a generally tubular shape. 4. The solar module as defined in claim 2, wherein said first and second openings are oval or circular. 5. The solar module as defined in claim 2, wherein first and second openings have a polygonal shape. 6. The solar module as defined in claim 1, further comprising an enclosed end opposite said first opening. 7. The solar module as defined in claim 6, wherein body comprises a generally conical shape. 8. The solar module as defined in claim 6, wherein said first opening is generally oval or circular. 9. The solar module as defined in claim 6, wherein said first opening comprises a polygonal shape. 10. The solar module as defined in claim 1, wherein said first photoactive layer is formed on a flexible first substrate and said second photoactive layer is formed on a second flexible substrate. 11. The solar module as defined in claim 10, wherein said first substrate forms said inside wall of said body and said second substrate forms said outside wall of said body. 12. The solar module as defined in claim 11, wherein said first and second substrates are attached together to form said body. 13. The solar module as defined in claim 10, wherein said first substrate is attached to said inside wall of said body and said second substrate is attached to said outside wall of said body. 14. The solar module as defined in claim 13, wherein said body is formed from a plastic material. 15. The solar module as defined in claim 1, wherein said first and second photoactive layers are formed from at least one thin film photovoltaic (TFPV) layer. 16. The solar module as defined in claim 15, wherein said TFPV layer includes at least one layer of CdTe or CIGS. 17. The solar module as defined in claim 15, wherein said TFPV layer includes at least one layer of IR light absorbing quantum dots, at least one layer of visible light absorbing quantum dots and at least one layer of UV light absorbing quantum dots. 18. The solar module as defined in claim 1, further comprising at least one insert panel provided inside said hollow body and extending substantially from said first opening to an opposite end of said body, said insert panel having a photoactive layer s for absorbing light attached on opposite sides of said insert panel. 19. The solar module as defined in claim 1, further comprising an electrically conductive film disposed on both sides of said first photoactive layer for conducting current generated by said first photoactive layer, and on both sides of said second photoactive layer for conducting current generated by said second photoactive layer. 20. A solar unit for generating electric power from light, comprising: a base having a first side and a second side opposite said first side; an array of solar modules arranged on said first side of said base; said solar modules each having a hollow body, a first opening at a first end of said body, a second end opposite said first opening attached to said first side of said base, an inside wall and an outside wall; and at least one first photoactive layer for absorbing and converting light into current, attached to said inside wall of said body of each said solar modules, and at least one second photoactive layer for absorbing and converting light into current, attached to said outside wall of said body of at least said solar modules that are provided on a periphery of said array; wherein current generated in said solar modules is output by said solar unit to generate electric power. 21. The solar unit as defined in claim 20 further comprising at least one inverter provided on said second side of said base for converting DC power from said solar module to AC power. 22. The solar unit as defined in claim 21, wherein said inverters are electrically connected to an output terminal provided on said second side of said base. 23. The solar unit as defined in claim 21 further comprising a battery provided on said second side of said base and electrically connected to said inverter for storing electric power from said solar modules. 24. A solar module for generating electric current, comprising: a hollow body having a first opening for enabling light to enter said hollow body, an inside wall and an outside wall; a thin film photovoltaic panel for absorbing light attached to said inside wall and said outside wall of said body; wherein said thin film photovoltaic panels on said inside and outside walls generate current from at least one of IR light, visible light and UV light. 