The present invention relates to a chemical composition and a method of polymerisation of said composition useful in the vehicle bodywork repair sector. Said chemical compositions comprises 10% to 60% of synthetic resins, 10% to 70% of monomers selected from oligoethers and acrylate or methacrylate monomers, 0% to 90% of solvents and 0.1% to 10% of photoinitiators which initiate the polymerisation process when stimulated by light radiation.
Claims 1. A transparent, polymerisable chemical composition comprising 10% to 60% of transparent hydroxylated acrylic resins, 10% to 70% of monomers selected from oligoethers and acrylate or methacrylate monomers, 0% to 90% of solvents and 0.1% to 10% of photoinitiators which initiate the polymerisation procedure when stimulated by light radiation. 2. The composition according to claim 1, comprising 20% to 50% resin, 20% to 70% monomers, 5% to 50% solvents and 0.5% to 6% photoinitiators. 3. The composition according to claim 1, wherein said resins are selected from the group consisting of acrylic, polyester acrylate, urethane acrylate aromatic or aliphatic resins or mixtures thereof. 4. The composition according to claim 1, wherein said resins have carboxylic functionality of between 1 to 6, preferably comprised of between 2 and 6. 5. The composition according to claim 1, wherein said methacrylate monomers and oligoethers are selected from the group consisting of Isobomyl methacrylate(IBOMA), Tetraethyleneglycol dimethacrylate (TTEGDMA), and combinations thereof, whilst the acrylate oligoethers and monomers are selected from the group consisting of Isobornyl diacrylate (IBOA), 1,6 Hexanediol acrylate(HDDA), Trimethylolpropane triacrylate (TMPTA), Tris(2-Hydroxyethyl)isocyanurate triacrylate (THEICTA), Tricyclodecane dimethanol diacrylate (TCDDMDA), and combinations thereof. 6. The composition according to claim 5, wherein said monomers have functionality comprised of between 1 and 5. 7. The composition according to claim 5, wherein said monomers comprise N-vinyl-2-pyrrolidone. 8. The composition according to claim 1, wherein said solvents are selected from the group consisting of esters, ketones or aromatic hydrocarbons normally used in the varnishes sector, and combinations thereof. 9. The chemical composition according to claim 1, wherein said photoinitiators are selected from the group consisting of benzophenone derivatives, ketone derivatives, methyl esters and phosphinoxides, or mixtures thereof. 10. The composition according to claim 9, wherein said benzophenone derivatives are selected from the group consisting of 4 methylbenzophenone and 2,4,6-trimethylbenzophenone and combinations thereof, said ketone derivatives are selected from the group conisting of 1-hydroxy-cyclohexyl-phenyl-ketone, 2,2-dimethoxy-1,2-diphenylethan-1-one, 2-hydroxy-2-methyl-1-phenyl-propan-1-one and combinations thereof, said methyl esters are phenyl glyoxylic acid and said phosphinoxides are 2,4,6-trimethylbenzoyl-diphenyl-phosphine oxide. 11. The composition according to claim 1, a further comprising additives in quantities from 0% to 10%. 12. The composition according to claim 11, wherein said additives are antioxidants, protectives against solar radiation or products which confer hydro-repellance. 13. The composition according to claim 12, wherein said antioxidants are IRGANOX 1010, said protectives are TINUVIN 400, said products conferring hydro-repellance are BYK UV 3500. 14. A method for the preparation of the chemical composition according to claim 1, comprising the steps of: a) preparing a solution by adding at least one resin and a suitable solvent or monomer; b) stirring the solution slowly for a time comprised of between 1' and 20' at a temperature comprised of between 58.degree. C. and 70.degree. C.; c) adding at least one photoinitiator, to the solution following solubilisation in a suitable solvent; d) mixing for a time comprised of between 5 and 20 minutes so as to obtain a homogenous solution and taking care to keep the solution protected from exposure to solar or artificial light. 15. The method according to claim 14, wherein the step of preparing a solution further comprises adding from 10 to 60 parts of resin and from 40 to 90 parts of solvents or monomers; and the step of adding at least one photoinitiator further comprises adding photoinitiators previously solubilised in solvents at 40-60%, and added to the solution in a percentage of 1-6%. 16. A polymerisation procedure for the chemical composition according to claim 1, comprising the steps of: applying the chemical composition onto a substrate applying UV-A, UV-B or UV-C irradiation for a time comprised of between 2 seconds and 15 minutes. 17. The procedure according to claim 16, wherein the step of applying UV-A irradiation further comprises the step of emitting radiation between 280 and 450 nm. 18. The procedure according to claim 17, wherein the step of emitting radiation further comprises emitting radiation with a fluorescence or metallic iodide type lamp. 19. The procedure according to claim 16, wherein the step of applying UV-B and UV-C irradiation further comprises that step of emitting irradiation with lamps equipped with special filters for the neutralisation of the B and C type radiation. 20. The procedure according to claim 16, wherein the step of applying irradiation further comprises using lamps with power outputs of between 100 W and 5 KW. 21. The procedure according to claim 16, wherein the step of applying irradiation further comprises using multi-lamp systems with variable power outputs from 200 W up to 5 KW per lamp unit. 22. The procedure according to claim 16, wherein the step of applying irradiation further comprises using one or more lamps with a power output that varies from 0.1 W/cm.sup.2 to 20 W/cm.sup.2. 23. The procedure according to claim 16, wherein the step of applying irradiation further comprises mounting UV emitting lamps onto robotised rigs which are able to irradiate complex profile surfaces in a homogeneous manner by carrying out a scan of the surface to be irradiated with a scanning speed directly proportional to the power output of the UV system used. 24. The procedure according to claim 23, wherein the step of applying irradiation further comprises using lamps with variable power outputs of between 2.5 KW to 25 KW. 25. The treatment method for bodywork or parts of the bodywork of vehicles, comprising the steps of: i) providing a polymerisable chemical composition according to claim 1; ii) applying a layer of said chemical composition onto the surfaces to be treated; iii) leaving the solvent contained in said layer of said chemical composition to evaporate; iv) irradiating said layer with a UV radiation lamp for a sufficient time so as to substantially obtain the complete polymerisation thereof. 26. The method according to claim 25, wherein the step of applying a layer of said chemical composition further comprises depositing in the form of a film previously diluted with an appropriate solvent, said film having a thickness which can vary between 10 microns to 100 microns and a viscosity which can vary between 12 to 18 seconds in a Ford #4 cup. 27. The method according to claim 25, wherein the step of leaving the solvent to evaporate comprises leaving the solvent to evaporate from 1 minute to 5 minutes. 28. The method according to claim 25, wherein the step of irradiating further comprises applying UV-A, UV-B or UV-C irradiation for a time comprised of between 2 seconds and 15 minutes. 29. The method according to claim 25, further comprising the steps prior to the application of the polymerisable chemical composition: reshaping or replacing the damaged parts of the bodywork; filling and sanding the surface of said damaged part; applying one or more primers onto said surface and the relevant polymerisation; preparing said surface for the application of "base coat" using abrasive papers; applying the "base coat". 30. The method according to claim 25, further comprising the step of finishing. 31. The use of a transparent, polymerisable chemical composition according to claim 1 for the treatment of bodywork or parts of the bodywork of vehicles. 32. The composition according to claim 4, wherein said resins have carboxylic functionality of between 2 and 6. 33. The composition according to claim 11, further comprising additives in quantities from 0.1% to 3%. 