A drying apparatus includes a hollow main body having an inside defining a water collection zone located at a lower portion thereof, a heat convection zone located above the water collection zone, and a drying zone located above the heat convection zone for drying an article to be dried. Thus, the drying apparatus produces hot air that is formed by a heat convection effect so as to dry the article placed in the drying zone efficiently, thereby enhancing the drying effect of the drying apparatus. In addition, the pivotable covers are pivoted outward to open the drying zone to allow the solar rays directly entering the main body so as to dry the article placed in the drying zone by the solar rays.
Claims 1. A drying apparatus, comprising: a hollow main body having an inside defining a water collection zone located at a lower portion thereof, a heat convection zone located above the water collection zone, and a drying zone located above the heat convection zone for drying an article to be dried. 2. The drying apparatus in accordance with claim 1, wherein the water collection zone has a breach communicating with the drying zone so that water produced from the dried article can pass through the breach into the water collection zone. 3. The drying apparatus in accordance with claim 1, wherein the heat convection zone has a first side having an air supply port communicating with an ambient environment and a second side having an air convection port communicating with the drying zone. 4. The drying apparatus in accordance with claim 1, wherein the heat convection zone has an upper portion having an air outlet port communicating with the drying zone for mounting a heat source generator and an air driving fan to produce convective hot air in the air outlet port. 5. The drying apparatus in accordance with claim 1, wherein the drying zone has a periphery having a plurality of air convection ports, and the inside of the main body has an air convection channel surrounding the periphery of the drying zone and communicating with the air convection ports of the drying zone and a breach of the water collection zone. 6. The drying apparatus in accordance with claim 1, wherein the drying zone has an upper portion having a plurality of hot air drain ports. 7. The drying apparatus in accordance with claim 6, wherein the drying zone is provided with a plurality of regulating valves to control the draining operation of the hot air drain ports, and a controller to control the temperature of the drying zone. 8. The drying apparatus in accordance with claim 4, wherein the air driving fan is operated to carry an ambient air through the air supply port into the heat convection zone. 9. The drying apparatus in accordance with claim 8, wherein the air passes through the air outlet port of the heat convection zone to be heated by the heat source generator to produce convective hot air which is carried into the drying zone to dry the article placed in the drying zone. 10. The drying apparatus in accordance with claim 1, wherein the main body has a top provided with a plurality of pivotable covers. 11. The drying apparatus in accordance with claim 10, wherein the pivotable covers are pivoted outward relative to the main body to open the drying zone of the main body to allow the solar rays directly entering the main body so as to dry the article placed in the drying zone. 12. The drying apparatus in accordance with claim 1, further comprising a support rod mounted in the drying zone of the main body for hanging the article to be dried. 13. The drying apparatus in accordance with claim 1, further comprising a plurality of support racks mounted in the drying zone of the main body for hanging the article to be dried. 14. The drying apparatus in accordance with claim 1, further comprising a solar energy collector board mounted on the top of the main body to collect a solar energy and to convert the solar energy into an electrical energy. 15. The drying apparatus in accordance with claim 14, further comprising a storage battery mounted on the main body and connected to the solar energy collector board to store the electrical energy of the solar energy collector board so as to provide an auxiliary electric power. 16. The drying apparatus in accordance with claim 3, wherein each of the air supply port and the air convection port of the heat convection zone is provided with a filter to filter impurities contained in the air. 17. The drying apparatus in accordance with claim 1, further comprising an ultraviolet lamp mounted in the drying zone of the main body to provide a sterilizing effect. 18. The drying apparatus in accordance with claim 5, further comprising an oblique separation board mounted in the main body and located between the heat convection zone and the drying zone so that water produced in the drying zone is introduced by the separation board to flow through the air convection ports and the air convection channel of the drying zone into the water collection zone. 