A modular sensor architecture. A sensor includes multiple planes that are in electrical communication. A power plane provides a power source and a communications module that can be optical and/or electrical in nature. The power source can be upgraded using optical power delivered over an optical fiber. The sensor can also both transmit/receive data over the optical fiber. A processing plane provides memory and processing power. The processing plane can be updated/upgraded via the communications module or the optical fiber. A sensor plane includes multiple sensors. Deployed sensors can transmit and receive data or programming using mesh networks and using low power pulse modulation.
Claims 1. A sensor module comprising: a power plane that includes a power source and a communications module; a processing plane including a processor and memory, the processing place in electrical and mechanical communication with the power plane with a first flex circuit; a sensing plane that includes one or more sensors, the sensing plane in mechanical and electrical communication with the processing plane with a second flex circuit; and wherein the flex circuits permit the power plane, processing plane, and sensing plane to fold into a stacked package. 2. A sensor module as defined in claim 1, wherein the one or more sensors are selected for one or more of: a biology environment; an aquarium; an optical identifier; a security system; a prosthetic limb; and an ocean platform. 3. A sensor module as defined in claim 1, wherein the one or more sensors is comprised of a color, acceleration, temperature, pH, resistance, microphone, salinity, light, or fiber Bragg grating sensor with optics. 4. A sensor module as defined in claim 1, wherein the communications module comprises a Bluetooth radio and wherein the communications module is adapted to function as a node of a mesh network. 5. A sensor module as defined in claim 1, wherein the communications module comprises a radio that is configured to transmit using pulse modulation over a distance on the order of 10 kilometers. 6. A sensor module as defined in claim 5, wherein the communications module transmits data to a biocorder when the biocorder contacts the sensor and requests data. 7. A sensor module as defined in claim 6, wherein the biocorder communicates data or programming with the sensor module. 8. A method for monitoring an environment with sensors, the system comprising: deploying a plurality of sensor modules in an area, wherein each sensor includes a sensor platform, a communication module, and a power supply; collecting data at each of the sensor modules; and transmitting the collected data to a biocorder when the presence of the biocorder is detected, wherein the plurality of sensor modules form a mesh network such that each sensor module's data is transmitted to the biocorder either directly or through another sensor. 9. The method of claim 8, further comprising transmitting the collected data using low power pulse modulation. 10. The method of claim 8 wherein deploying a plurality of sensor modules further comprises: deploying first sensors having an optical communication module that enables the first sensors to communicate over an optical fiber; and deploying second sensors having a solar array to recharge a battery or to provide power. 11. The method of claim 8, wherein transmitting the collected data further comprises transmitting route information of the collected data in the mesh network. 12. The method of claim 8, wherein transmitting the collected data occurs when the biocorder is detected. 13. The method of claim 8, wherein the biocorder comprises one or more of a cell phone, a laptop computer, a personal digital assistant or any combination thereof. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein the biocorder comprises additional sensors that collect data that is added to the collected data from the deployed sensors. 15. A method for monitoring an environment with sensors, the system comprising: deploying a plurality of sensor modules in an area, wherein each sensor includes a sensor platform, a communication module, and a power supply; collecting data at each of the sensor modules; and transmitting the collected data to a tower or series of towers capable of receiving the data and relaying it to a computer processing system, wherein the plurality of sensor modules and towers form a mesh network such that each sensor module's data is transmitted to a tower either directly or through another sensor. 16. The method according to claim 15, where the computer processing system includes telemetry software capable of determining the position of the sensors from the data transmissions. 17. The method according to claim 16, further comprising: transmitting data relating to the position of the sensors to a biocorder when the biocorder contacts the computer processing system and requests the data relating to the position of the sensors. 18. The method of claim 15, further comprising transmitting the collected data using low power pulse modulation. 