The present invention is an apparatus and method for associating electronic devices to portable containers. A smart container is a container used for transporting items while traveling and comprising electronic devices. The smart container may comprise at least one module bay configured for receiving a module and a controller comprising a processing device associated with a memory. The controller is electrically associated with the module bay and configured for sending and/or receiving data to/from an electronic device associated with the module bay. The controller may be either an integral component of the smart container or a controller module removably received by the smart container. The smart container further comprises a power source associated with a power bus. The power bus is electrically associated with at least one of (a) a module bay, and (b) the controller.
Claims 1. A smart container for transporting items while traveling, said smart container comprising: at least one compartment for holding items, said compartment comprising at least two sections releasably associated with each other; at least one module bay configured for receiving an electronic module; an electronic module electrically associated with said module bay; a controller comprising a processing device electrically associated with a memory; wherein said controller is electrically associated with said module bay, said controller configured for at least one of (a) receiving data from said electronic module, and (b) sending data to said electronic module; a power bus electrically associated with said module bay and said controller; and a power source electrically associated with said power bus. 2. A smart container as in claim 1, further comprising a vacuum pump electrically associated with one of (a) said power bus, and (b) an external power source; wherein said vacuum pump is configured for being associated with a vacuum pack; and wherein said vacuum pump is further configured for removing air from said vacuum pack. 3. A smart container as in claim 2, further comprising: a first wheel positioned at a first location; a second wheel positioned at a second location; wherein said first wheel and said second wheel extend at least partially beyond the outside perimeter of said smart container; and wherein said vacuum pump is located at least partially between said first wheel and said second wheel. 4. A smart container as in claim 2, wherein said vacuum pump is one of (a) a device integral to said smart container, and (b) said electronic module; and wherein said smart container further comprises a removable pack that is configurable as both a vacuum pack and an inflatable pack. 5. A smart container as in claim 1, wherein said power source is a power storage module received by a second module bay electrically associated with said power bus; and wherein the power storage module comprises at least one of (a) a power status indicator, (b) a power transfer port. 6. A smart container as in claim 1, further comprising a communication bus, wherein said controller and said at least one module bay are electrically associated through said communication buss. 7. A smart container as in claim 6, further comprising at least one electronic module from the group of modules consisting of: (a) a communication module; (b) a security module; (c) a recording module; (d) a entertainment module; (e) a time module; (f) a location module; and (g) a power module. 8. A smart container as in claim 6, further comprising: a transceiver electrically associated with said controller; wherein said controller is further configured to use said transceiver to facilitate data transfers between at least two of (a) an external-electronic-device, (b) said controller, (c) an electronic module, and (d) an integral electronic device. 9. A smart container as in claim 8, wherein said transceiver comprises one of (a) Bluetooth technology, and (b) Wi-Fi technology. 10. A smart container as in claim 1, further comprising: an antenna; a receiver electrically associated with said antenna and said controller; wherein said controller is further configured to use said receiver to receive data signals transmitted from at least one of (a) an external-electronic-device, and (b) an electronic module. 11. A smart container as in claim 10, wherein said external-electronic-device is one of (a) a portable transmitter electrically associated with a user, and (b) a remote transmitter. 12. A smart container as in claim 10, further comprising an electronic lock configured to secure said at least two sections together, wherein said controller is configured to change the status of the electronic lock in response to a signal received from said external-electronic-device. 13. A smart container as in claim 1, further comprising: a signaling device comprising at least one of (a) a light emitting device, and (b) a sound emitting device, and wherein said signaling device is one of (a) said electronic module, and (b) an integral electronic device electrically associated with said controller. 14. A smart container as in claim 13, further comprising at least one of (a) a user interface electrically associated with said controller, and (b) a receiver electrically associated with an antenna and said controller, wherein said user interface is configured for receiving user input; wherein said receiver is configured for receiving transmitted data signals; and wherein said controller is configured to place the signaling device in a signaling mode in response to at least one of (a) user input, (b) a received data signal. 15. An electronic housing for use with a portable container used for transporting items while traveling, said electronic housing comprising: at least one compartment for holding items, said compartment comprising at least one section; at least one module bay configured for receiving an electronic module; an electronic module; a controller comprising a processing device electrically associated with a memory, said controller further electrically associated with said electronic module; a power source; and a power bus electrically associated with said power source, said controller, and a module bay. 16. An electronic housing for use with a portable container as in claim 15, further comprising a signaling device that is one of: (a) said electronic module, and (b) an integral electric device. 17. An electronic housing for use with a portable container as in claim 16, further comprising a user interface electrically associated with said controller and configured for receiving user input; and wherein said controller is configured to place the signaling device in a signaling mode in response to at least one of (a) user input, (b) data received from an electronic module, (c) data received from an integral device electrically associated with said controller, and (d) in response to a program routine. 18. An electronic housing for use with a portable container as in claim 17, wherein said controller is further electrically associated with a receiver and wherein said user input is a signal transmitted by at least one of (a) a portable transmitter associated with a user, and (1)) a remote transmitter associated with a monitoring device. 19. An electronic housing for use with a portable container as in claim 15, wherein said portable container is a backpack; and wherein at least one exterior surface of said backpack is associated with a energy converter comprising a photovoltaic cell, said energy converter configured for supplying power to at least one of (a) said power source, (I)) said controller, (c) said electronic module, and (d) an integral electronic device electrically associated with said controller. 20. An electronic housing for use with a portable container as in claim 19, wherein in said electronic housing further comprises a communication buss, said communication buss comprising at least one communication port. 21. An electronic housing for use with a portable container as in claim 19, further comprising a power port electrically associated with said power bus and wherein said housing is an internal housing. 22. A container used for transporting items while traveling, said container comprising: at least one compartment for holding items, said compartment comprising at least one section; an electronic signaling device; a user interface configured for receiving user input; a processing device electrically associated with a memory, said processing device further electrically associated with said electronic signaling device and said user interface; a motion sensor electrically associated with said processing device wherein said motion sensor is configured for generating motion-data; wherein said processing device is configured to activate said electronic signaling device in response to at least one of (a) motion-data, and (b) user input; and a power source electrically associated with said processing device and said signaling device. 23. A container used for transporting items while traveling as in claim 22, further comprising a receiver electrically associated with said processing device, said receiver configured for receiving a transmitted data-signal; wherein said processing device is further configured to activate said electronic signaling device in response to a said data-signal. 24. A container used for transporting items while traveling as in claim 23, further comprising a recording device electrically associated with said processing device, said recording device configured for generating recorder-data; wherein said recording device comprises at least one of (a) an image recording device and (b) a sound recording device; and wherein said processing device is further configured to activate said recording device in response to one of (a) user input and (b) a received data-signal. 25. A container used for transporting items while traveling as in claim 24, further comprising a transmitter electrically associated with said processing device, said transmitter configured for transmitting a data signal; wherein said processing device is further configured to transmit said data signal in response to at least one of (a) user input, and (b) a received data-signal; and wherein said transmitted data signal comprises one of (a) at least part of said motion-data, and (b) at least part of said recorder-data. 26. A container used for transporting items while traveling as in claim 25, wherein an exterior surface of said container is associated with a photovoltaic cell, said photovoltaic cell configured for supplying power to at least one of (a) said power source, and (b) the electronic components associated with the container. 27. A container used for transporting items while traveling as in claim 25, further comprising: a transceiver electrically associated with said processing device; wherein said processing device is further configured to use said transceiver to facilitate data transfers between at least two of (a) an external-electronic-device, (b) said processing device, and (c) an integral electronic device. 28. A container used for transporting items while traveling as in claim 22, further comprising: at least one module bay configured for receiving an electronic module; an electronic module electrically associated with said module bay; a communication bus electrically associated with said at least one module bay and said processing device; and a power bus electrically associated with said at least one module bay and said processing device. 29. A container used for transporting items while traveling as in claim 22, further comprising: a frame associated with said container; a first wheel positioned at a first location on frame; a second wheel positioned at a second location on said frame; a magnetic device associated with at least one wheel and configured for generating power when said at least one wheel is rotating; and wherein the output of said magnet device is electrically associated with at least one of (a) said power bus, (b) said signaling device, (c) said power source, and (d) said controller. 30. A method of monitoring a container used for transporting items while traveling, said method comprising the steps of: associating a controller with the container, said controller comprising a processing device; wherein said controller is electrically associated with an electronic module and a power source; wherein said electronic module is configured to monitor a container-parameter and generate a data-signal relating to said predefined parameter; and wherein said controller is configured to perform a predefined function in response to said data-signal. 31. A method of monitoring a container used for transporting items while traveling, as in claim 30, wherein said electronic module is configured for detecting motion and wherein said controller is configured to activated a signaling device in response to said data-signal. 32. A method of monitoring a container used for transporting items while traveling, as in claim 31, wherein said electronic module further comprises a transmitter for transmitting said data-signal. 33. A method of monitoring a container used for transporting items while traveling, as in claim 33, wherein said electronic module is configured for generating recorder-data, said recorder-data comprising at least one of (a) image data and (b) sound data. 34. A method of monitoring a container used for transporting items while traveling, as in claim 33, wherein said electronic module is configured for determining the location of the container. 