An enclosure constructed around an area at which hot work is to be performed at a facility containing flammable or combustible material. Hot work includes such things as welding, torch cutting, grinding and the like. Facilities include petroleum drilling and production platforms, oil tankers, petroleum and chemical plants, and petroleum tank farms. Gas detection monitoring apparatuses are used with the enclosure which will automatically simultaneously shutdown one or more enclosures.
Claims 1. An enclosure system comprised of one or more enclosures built about at least one object to be hot worked at a facility wherein flammable or combustible materials are located within a hazardous distance front where the hot work is to be performed, which enclosure system is comprised of: a) at least one enclosure, each enclosure comprising: i) enclosing walls, ceiling and floor defining a chamber in which the hot work is to be performed; ii) at least one door to allow workers to enter and exit; iii) at least one air inlet port; iv) at least one air outlet port; V) at least one blower having an intake and exhaust, which exhaust is in fluid communication with said at least one air inlet port; vi) a blower control in communication with said at least one blower and to a gas detection monitor at the intake of said at least one blower and to a shutdown controller, wherein said blower control has the capability of allowing the blower to continue to operate during an emergency shutdown that is not triggered by a combustible or flammable gas detected at said gas detection monitor located at the intake of the said at least one blower; vii) at least one manual emergency shutdown switch inside of said enclosure; and viii) at least one manual emergency shutdown switch outside of, but within the perimeter of, said enclosure; b) a monitoring system comprised of: i) a plurality of gas detection monitors located at the predetermined location inside and outside of each enclosure; wherein each of said gas detection monitors having a means of communication with a gas detection controller console; and ii) a gas detection controller console comprised of: a) a means capable of receiving data transmitted from the plurality of the gas detection monitors; b) an interface means capable of communicating data from the said receiving means of the console to a central processing unit; c) the central processing unit containing software capable of, inter alia, accepting, storing computing, and displaying data received from said plurality of gas detection monitors; d) a display device in communication with said central processing unit and capable of displaying data from said plurality of gas detection monitors; and e) an interface means capable of communicating a signal from said central processing unit to a control system; c) the control system comprised of: i) an operator controller console comprised of: a) a source of electrical power for the system; b) at least one control device; c) a means for displaying the status of each enclosure; d) a capability of communicating predetermined bypass and system shutdown signals to a shutdown controller; and e) an audible alarm that will activate when a shutdown occurs; ii) a shutdown controller capable of sending shutdown signals to one or more enclosure control devices, one or more shutdown control devices, and to various equipment associated with the hot work to be conducted in said one or more enclosures; and iii) an enclosure controller comprised of a differential pressure monitor for monitoring the pressure within the enclosure relative to the pressure outside of the enclosure, a programmable logic control device, an audible alarm and a visual alarm. 2. The enclosure system of claim 1 wherein the walls, floor, door and ceiling of the enclosure are composed of fire retardant wood. 3. The enclosure system of claim 2 wherein the floor of said enclosure is further covered with a layer of fire proof refractory cloth material on top of which is a layer of sheet metal. 4. The enclosure system of claim 1 wherein the door of each enclosure is a breakaway door that opens outward. 5. The enclosure system of claim 1 wherein each enclosure is provided with an explosion proof interior lighting system. 6. The enclosure system of claim 1 wherein the outlet port of at least one enclosure is provided with a spark resistant filter. 7. The enclosure system of claim 1 wherein the hot work to be performed is welding. 8. The enclosure system of claim 1 wherein the blower of each enclosure is an electrically operated blower. 9. The enclosure system of claim 1 wherein at least two gas detection monitors is located in each enclosure. 10. The enclosure system of claim 1 wherein the various equipment associated with the hot work is selected from a) welding machines, b) generators, c) air compressors, d) tanks for holding gases for a hot work operation, and e) a blow-down valve capable of bleeding compressed air from a compressed air system in the event of an emergency shut-down. 11. The enclosure system of claim 1 wherein the source of electrical power is an AC to DC power converter. 12. The enclosure system of claim 1 which is located at a facility selected from a drilling platform, a production platform, a jack-up rig, a pumping station, a petroleum refinery, a chemical plant, a tank farm, an ocean going tanker, and a section of pipeline. 13. The enclosure system of claim 1 wherein there are at least two enclosures. 14. The enclosure system of claim 1 wherein the operator controller console contains a bypass function that can override a shutdown signal to one or more blowers. 15. The enclosure system of claim 1 wherein the operator controller console contains a bypass function that can override a shutdown signal triggered by a differential pressure monitor in any one or more of said enclosures to allow workers to enter and exit said one or more enclosures without triggering a shutdown. 16. The enclosure system of claim 1 wherein the gas detection console and the operator console is one integrated single console. 17. The enclosure system of claim 1 wherein one or more of said enclosures contains a temperature sensing means for measuring the temperature of an item during hot-working. 18. The enclosure system of claim 1 wherein one or more of the enclosure controllers contains at least one of: a) backup batteries; b) a radio transceiver; c) a camera module for visually monitoring the interior of the enclosure, the exterior of the enclosure, or both; d) a remote control panel; e) and a manual shutdown switch. 19. The enclosure system of claim 1 wherein a solar panel supplies power to the shutdown controller, the operator controller, or both. 20. The enclosure system of claim 1 wherein there is wireless communication between the operator controller and at least one enclosure controllers. 21. The enclosure system of claim 1 wherein at least one of the gas detection monitors is handheld. 22. The enclosure of claim 1 wherein at least one differential pressure monitor contains a means for continuously measuring and displaying pressure. 23. An enclosure system comprised of one or more enclosures built about at least one object to be hot worked at a facility wherein flammable or combustible materials are located within a hazardous distance from where the hot work is to be performed, which enclosure system is comprised of: a) at least one enclosure, each enclosure comprising: i) enclosing walls, ceding and floor defining a chamber in which the hot work is to be performed; ii) at least one door to allow workers to enter and exit; iii) at least one viewing window; iv) at least one air inlet port; v) at least one air outlet port; vi) at least one blower having an intake and an exhaust, which exhaust is in fluid communication with said at least one air inlet port; vii) a blower control in communication with said at least one blower and to a gas detection monitor at the intake of said at least one blower and to a shutdown controller, wherein said blower control has the capability of allowing the blower to continue to operate during an emergency shutdown that is not triggered by a combustible or flammable gas detected at a gas detection monitor located at the intake of said one or more blower; viii) at least one manual emergency shutdown switch inside of said enclosure; and ix) at least one manual emergency shutdown switch outside of, but within the immediate perimeter of, said enclosure; b) a monitoring system comprised of. i) a plurality of gas detection monitors located at the predetermined locations inside and outside of each enclosure, wherein at least one gas detection monitor is handheld and portable and wherein each of said gas detection monitors having a wireless means of communication with a gas detection controller console; and ii) a gas detection controller console comprised of: a) a means capable of receiving wireless data transmitted from the plurality of the gas detection monitors; b) an interface means capable of communicating data from the said receiving means of the console to a central processing unit; c) a central processing unit containing software capable of, inter alia, accepting, storing computing, and displaying data received from said plurality of gas detection monitors; d) a display device in communication with said central processing unit and capable of displaying data from said plurality of gas detection monitors; and e) an interface means capable of communicating a signal from the CPU said central Processing unit to a control system. c) a control system comprised of: i) an operator controller console comprised of; a) a source of electrical power for the system; b) at least one control device; c) a means for displaying the status or each enclosure; d) the capability of communicating predetermined bypass and system shutdown signals to a shutdown controller; e) a by pass function that has the capability of overriding a shutdown signal triggered by a differential pressure monitor in any one or more of said enclosures to allow workers to enter and exit said one or more enclosures without triggering a shutdown, and f) an audible alarm that will activate when a shutdown occurs; ii) a shutdown controller capable of sending shutdown signals to one or more enclosure control devices, one or more shutdown control devices, and to various equipment associated with the hot work to bc conducted in said one or more enclosures; and wherein there is wireless communication between the operator controller, the gas detection controller, and the shutdown controller; and iii) an enclosure controller comprised of a differential pressure monitor for monitoring the pressure within the enclosure relative to the pressure outside of the enclosure, a programmable logic control device, an audible alarm and a visual alarm. 24. The enclosure system of claim 23 wherein die walls, floor, door and ceiling of the enclosure arc composed of fire retardant wood and which floor is further covered with a layer of fire proof refractory cloth material on top of which is a layer of sheet metal. 25. The enclosure system of claim 23 wherein the door of each enclosure is a breakaway door that opens outward. 26. The enclosure system of claim 23 wherein each enclosure is provided with an explosion proof interior lighting system and wherein the outlet port of at least one enclosure is provided with a spark resistant filter. 27. The enclosure system of claim 23 wherein the blower of each enclosure is an electrically operated blower. 28. The enclosure system of claim 23 wherein at least two gas detection monitors is located in each enclosure. 29. The enclosure system of claim 23 wherein the various equipment associated with the hot work is selected from a) welding machines, b) generators, c) air compressors, d) tanks for holding gases for a hot work operation, and e) a blow-down valve capable of bleeding compressed air from a compressed air system in the event of an emergency shutdown. 30. The enclosure system of claim 23 wherein the source of electrical power is an AC to DC power converter. 31. The enclosure system of claim 23 which is located at a facility selected from a drilling platform, a production platform, a jack-up rig, a pumping station, a petroleum refinery, a chemical plant, a tank farm, an ocean going tanker, and a section of pipeline. 32. The enclosure system of claim 23 wherein the operator controller console contains a bypass function that can override a shutdown signal to one or more blowers. 33. The enclosure system of claim 23 wherein the operator controller console contains a bypass function that can override a shutdown signal triggered by a differential pressure monitor in any one or more of said enclosures to allow workers to enter and exit said one or more enclosures without triggering a shutdown. 34. The enclosure system of claim 23 wherein the gas detection console and the operator console is one integrated single console. 35. The enclosure system of claim 23 wherein one or more of said enclosures contains a temperature sensing means for measuring the temperature of an item during hot-working. 36. The enclosure system of claim 23 wherein one or mote of the enclosure controllers contains at least one of: a) backup batteries; b) a radio transceiver; c) a camera module for visually monitoring the interior of the enclosure, the exterior of the enclosure, or both; d) a remote control, panel; e) and a manual shutdown switch. 37. The enclosure system of claim 1 wherein a solar panel supplies power to the shutdown controller, the operator controller, or both. 38. The enclosure of claim 23 wherein at least one differential pressure monitor contains a means for continuously measuring and displaying pressure. 39. The enclosure of claim 1 wherein the enclosure also contains at least one viewing window. 40. The enclosure of claim 23 wherein the enclosure also contains at least one viewing window. 