A solar energy system for a hybrid vehicle that utilizes an attachable solar panel to receive and convert solar energy into direct current electricity. A wiring harness directs the direct current electricity generated by the solar panel to a converter. The converter transforms the direct current electricity from a comparatively lower energy state to a comparatively higher energy state.
Claims 1. A solar energy system for a hybrid vehicle, comprising: a solar panel attachable to the hybrid vehicle for receiving and converting solar energy into direct current electricity; a converter for transforming direct current electricity from a comparatively lower energy state to a comparatively higher energy state; a wiring harness electrically coupled to the solar panel, for directing the direct current electricity generated by the solar panel to the converter; and a battery for receiving the high energy state direct current electricity from the converter as a supplemental energy source. 2. The solar energy system of claim 1, wherein the solar panel is aerodynamically shaped. 3. The solar energy system of claim 1, including an insulator for preventing energy loss between the solar panel and the hybrid vehicle. 4. The solar energy system of claim 1, wherein the solar panel includes an upper ultraviolet and weather protectant layer. 5. The solar energy system of claim 1, wherein the solar panel includes a plurality of photovoltaic cells. 6. The solar energy system of claim 5, wherein the photovoltaic cells are sandwiched between two encapsulant layers to environmentally seal and electrically insulate the photovoltaic cells from each other. 7. The solar energy system of claim 1, including a monitor for controlling information detailing the performance of the solar energy system. 8. The solar energy system of claim 7, wherein the monitor controls information detailing system performance, battery pack state of charge, and voltage, wattage or amperage use. 9. The solar energy system of claim 1, wherein the solar panel includes a flexible photovoltaic panel. 10. The solar energy system of claim 1, including an inverter for converting direct current electricity produced by the solar panel to alternating current electricity. 11. The solar energy system of claim 1, including a supplemental battery electrically coupled to the solar panel. 12. A solar energy system for a hybrid vehicle, comprising: a solar panel attachable to the hybrid vehicle for receiving and converting solar energy into direct current electricity, wherein the solar panel includes an upper ultraviolet and weather protectant layer; a converter for transforming direct current electricity from a comparatively lower energy state to a comparatively higher energy state; a wiring harness electrically coupled to the solar panel, for directing the direct current electricity generated by the solar panel to the converter; a battery for receiving the high energy state direct current electricity from the converter as a supplemental energy source; and a monitor for controlling information detailing the performance of the solar energy system. 13. The solar energy system of claim 12, including an insulator for preventing energy loss between the solar panel and the hybrid vehicle, wherein the solar panel is aerodynamically shaped. 14. The solar energy system of claim 12, wherein the solar panel includes a plurality of photovoltaic cells sandwiched between two encapsulant layers to environmentally seal and electrically insulate the photovoltaic cells from each other. 15. The solar energy system of claim 12, wherein the monitor controls information detailing system performance, battery pack state of charge, and voltage, wattage or amperage use. 16. The solar energy system of claim 12, wherein the solar panel includes a flexible photovoltaic panel. 17. The solar energy system of claim 12, including an inverter for converting direct current electricity produced by the solar panel to alternating current electricity. 18. The solar energy system of claim 12, including a supplemental battery electrically coupled to the solar panel. 19. A process for utilizing solar energy in a hybrid vehicle, comprising the steps of: converting solar energy to direct current electricity through a photovoltaic cell of a solar panel disposed on an exterior of the hybrid vehicle; transmitting the direct current electricity from the solar panel to a converter electrically coupled to the solar panel; transforming the direct current electricity from a comparatively lower energy state to a comparatively higher energy state; and supplementing the hybrid vehicle battery with the higher energy state direct current electricity from the converter. 20. The process of claim 12, including the step of charging the hybrid vehicle battery with the direct current electricity from the converter. 21. The process of claim 12, including the steps of monitoring and controlling information detailing the utilization of solar energy by the hybrid vehicle. 22. The process of claim 14, including the step of controlling the state of charge of the battery and solar panel output. 23. The process of claim 14, including the step of regulating battery energy levels. 24. The process of claim 14, including the step of monitoring information detailing voltage, wattage or amperage use with the monitor. 25. The process of claim 12, including the step of converting direct current electricity to alternating current electricity. 26. The process of claim 17, including the step of generating an uninterruptible source of alternating current electricity such that the hybrid vehicle acts as a power generator. 27. The process of claim 12, including the step of collecting direct current electricity from the photovoltaic cell of the solar panel via a master transmitter electrically coupled to the solar panel and the converter. 28. The process of claim 12, including the step of distributing a plurality of photovoltaic cells throughout the solar panel. 29. The process of claim 12, including the step of conforming the solar panel to fit the contour of a hybrid vehicle roof. 30. The process of claim 12, including the step of connecting a removable solar panel to an exterior surface of the hybrid vehicle. 31. The process of claim 12, including the step of monitoring information detailing system performance, battery state of charge. 32. A process for utilizing solar energy in a hybrid vehicle, comprising the steps of: converting solar energy to direct current electricity through a photovoltaic cell of a solar panel disposed on an exterior of the hybrid vehicle; transmitting the direct current electricity from the solar panel to a converter electrically coupled to the solar panel; transforming the direct current electricity from a comparatively lower energy state to a comparatively higher energy state; supplementing the hybrid vehicle battery with the higher energy state direct current electricity from the converter; monitoring and controlling information detailing the utilization of solar energy by the hybrid vehicle; and distributing a plurality of photovoltaic cells throughout the solar panel. 33. The process of claim 32, including the step of charging the hybrid vehicle battery with the direct current electricity from the converter. 34. The process of claim 32, including the steps of: controlling the state of charge of the battery and solar panel output; regulating battery energy levels; monitoring information detailing voltage, wattage or amperage use with the monitor; and converting direct current electricity to alternating current electricity. 35. The process of claim 32, including the steps of: generating an uninterruptible source of alternating current electricity such that the hybrid vehicle acts as a power generator; and collecting direct current electricity from the photovoltaic cell of the solar panel via a master transmitter electrically coupled to the solar panel and the converter. 36. The process of claim 32, including the steps of: conforming the solar panel to fit the contour of a hybrid vehicle roof; connecting a removable solar panel to an exterior surface of the hybrid vehicle; and monitoring information detailing system performance, battery state of charge. 