At least one transportable electric unit with survival supply items provides electrical power. Consideration-based private civil security subscriptions are accepted from subscribers with respect to providing civilly-catastrophic event-based access to the at least one transportable electric unit.
Claims 1. A method comprising: providing at least one transportable electric unit configured to provide electrical power; and accepting consideration-based private civil security subscriptions from subscribers with respect to providing civilly-catastrophic event-based access to the at least one transportable electric unit. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein providing the at least one transportable electric unit comprises providing a pallet having at least one source of electricity. 3. The method of claim 2, further comprising: providing at least one of: (a) at least one survival supply item disposed on the pallet, (b) at least one container holding at least one survival supply item and disposed on the pallet; and providing a binding mechanism securing the provided one of the at least one survival supply item and the at least one container to the pallet. 4. The method of claim 2, wherein providing the at least one transportable electric unit further comprises providing an electrical interface mounted on the pallet, the electrical interface being configured for electrically connecting a survival supply item to the at least one transportable electric unit. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein providing the at least one transportable electric unit comprises providing a container with at least one wall and an interior formed within the container, the at least one transportable electric unit further comprising a source of electricity disposed at least one of: within the interior of the container, at least partially embedded within the at least one wall. 6. The method of claim 5, wherein the at least one wall is at least one of: an outer sidewall, a bottom wall, a top wall, and an inner partition wall. 7. The method of claim 5, wherein providing the at least one transportable electric unit further comprises providing an electrical interface mounted on the at least one wall and configured for electrically connecting an electrically powered item to the source of electricity. 8. The method of claim 1, further comprising: providing a deliverable unit having a plurality of survival supply items, and wherein providing the at least one transportable electric unit comprises providing the at least one transportable electric unit as at least one of the survival supply items. 9. The method of claim 1, wherein the at least one transportable electric unit substantially forms a deliverable unit configured so that a sole purpose of the deliverable unit is providing electricity. 10. The method of claim 1, wherein providing the at least one transportable electric unit further comprises providing at least one source of electricity providing at least one of: (a) direct current (DC), (b) alternating current (AC), (c) both alternating and direct current, (d) an inverter that inverts DC power to AC power, (e) a converter that converts AC power to DC power. 11. The method of claim 10, wherein the at least one source of electricity provides at least one of: (a) multiple selectable amperage levels, (b) multiple selectable voltage levels, and (c) multiple selectable wattage levels. 12. The method of claim 10, wherein the at least one source of electricity is configured and disposed for being at least one of: (a) a fuel-consumptive based source, (b) a thermo-electric based source, (c) a stored-energy based source, (d) a photonically-based source, (e) a water flow-based source, (f) a wind-based source, (g) human-powered based source, (h) animal-powered based source, (i) a portable electric generator, (j) an electronic device, (k) a device having at least one battery, (l) a communication device, (m) a cellular telephone, (n) a satellite telephone, (o) a computer, (p) a portable computer, (q) a camera, (r) a watch. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein the fuel-consumptive based source is a generator that runs on at least one of: a liquid fuel, gasoline, diesel, a gaseous fuel, an alcohol-based fuel, propane, natural gas, biodiesel fuel, vegetable oil or waste oil. 14. The method of claim 12, wherein the fuel-consumptive based source comprises at least one fuel cell. 15. The method of claim 12, wherein the photonically-based source comprises at least one solar panel mounted on at least one of: a base and the at least one transportable electric unit. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein the at least one solar panel is at least one of: manually and automatically adjustable for following a solar position. 17. The method of claim 10, wherein the stored-energy based source comprises at least one battery that is at least one of: rechargeable, replaceable, and permanent. 18. The method of claim 1, wherein providing the at least one transportable electric unit comprises providing at least one of: (a) at least one rechargeable battery, and (b) a battery recharging dock configured for detachably receiving a rechargeable battery. 19. The method of claim 1, wherein providing the at least one transportable electric unit further comprises providing at least one of: a pallet, and a container, wherein the provided at least one of the pallet and container generally forms an interior space substantially filled with at least one of: at least one battery, and at least one electricity producing fuel cell. 20. The method of claim 1, wherein providing the at least one transportable electric unit further comprises providing at least one electrical interface configured for detachable connection to at least one electrical device. 21. The method of claim 20, wherein the at least one electrical device is at least one of: a survival supply item provided with the at least one transportable electric unit, an electrically powered device provided separately from the at least one transportable electric unit, a source of electricity. 22. The method of claim 20, wherein providing the at least one transportable electric unit further comprises providing a source of electricity, and wherein the at least one electrical interface is configured for electrically connecting the electrical device to the source of electricity. 23. The method of claim 20, wherein providing the at least one transportable electric unit further comprises providing at least one electrical conduit electrically connected to the at least one electrical interface. 24. The method of claim 23, wherein providing the at least one transportable electric unit further comprises providing at least one of: (a) at least one surge protector, (b) at least one power conditioner operatively connected to the at least one electrical conduit, (c) at least one battery tender. 25. The method of claim 20, wherein the at least one electrical interface is adapted to be a portion of an electrical connection with at least one conductive contact configured and disposed for abutting a conductive contact of the electrical device. 26. The method of claim 25, wherein the electrical connection is at least one of: (a) a plug-socket connection having at least one prong, (b) a connection formed by attaching at least one free wire end onto at least one conductive member, (c) a connection formed by attaching at least one pre-configured wire end to at least one conductive member, (d) a connection formed by abutting at least one flat conductive contact against at least one conductive member. 27. The method of claim 20, wherein providing the at least one transportable electric unit further comprises providing multiple ones of the electrical interfaces, the multiple interfaces each comprising at least one of: (a) both male and female connection portions, (b) at least two different prong configurations, (c) at least two different electrical current characteristics relating to at least one of: amperes, voltage, and wattage, and (d) both alternating current and direct current. 28. The method of claim 20, wherein at least one electrical interface provides a plurality of selectively alternative current characteristics having a variable characteristic being at least one of: amperes, voltage, wattage, alternating current, and direct current. 29. The method of claim 20, wherein the at least one electrical interface is configured and disposed for connecting an electrical power supply to at least one of: a vehicle and a trailer. 30. The method of claim 29, wherein the at least one electrical interface is configured to connect to jumper cables. 31. The method of claim 29, wherein connecting an electrical power supply to at least one of: a vehicle and a trailer further comprises connecting to at least one of: an automobile, a truck, a camper, a railcar, an airplane, a flying machine, a boat, a ship, a barge, a floating machine, a submersible machine, a space travel machine, a cart, a self-balancing transporter. 32. The method of claim 29, wherein the electrical interface is configured for at least one of: (a) recharging a power supply on at least one of: the vehicle and trailer, (b) maintaining electrical power for at least one of: the vehicle and trailer. 33. The method of claim 20, wherein the electrical device is at least one rechargeable power source connected to the at least one electrical interface for detachably connecting the at least one rechargeable power source to at least one recharging power source. 34. The method of claim 33, wherein the recharging power source is at least one of: (a) a fuel-consumptive based source, (b) a storable-energy based source, (c) a photonically-based source (d) a water-flow based source, (e) a wind-based source, (f) a thermo-electric based source, (g) a portable electric generator, (h) a human-powered based source, (i) an animal-powered based source, (j) an electronic device, (k) a device having at least one battery, (l) a communication device, (m) a cellular telephone, (n) a satellite telephone, (o) a computer, (p) a portable computer, (q) a camera, (r) a watch. 35. The method of claim 1, wherein providing the at least one transportable electric unit further comprises providing a plurality of sources of electricity including at least one source configured to at least one of: (a) recharge at least one of the other sources of the plurality of sources of electricity, (b) combine its power with the power of at least one of the other sources of the plurality of sources of electricity. 36. The method of claim 35, wherein the at least one source automatically recharges the at least one of the other sources of the plurality of sources of electricity. 37. The method of claim 35, wherein the plurality of sources of electricity are provided on a plurality of electric units, and wherein the plurality of electric units are electrically connected to each other to electrically connect the at least one source to the at least one of the other sources of the plurality of sources of electricity. 38. The method of claim 1, further comprising: maintaining an agreed upon predetermined amount of power for a source of electricity on the at least one transportable electric unit comprising: (a) monitoring a stored power level at the source of electricity, (b) at least one of: (1) transmitting information including the stored power level to a party designated by an acceptor of the subscriptions, and (2) displaying at least the stored power level on a display provided by the at least one transportable electric unit. 39. The method of claim 38, wherein the at least one transportable electric unit comprises at least one of: (a) a pallet, (b) a container having at least one wall, the container generally forming an interior space for holding items to be stored, wherein the monitoring is performed by a monitor at least partially embedded within one of the pallet and the wall. 40. The method of claim 38, wherein the at least one transportable electric unit comprises at least one of: (a) a pallet, (b) a container having at least one wall, the container generally forming an interior space for holding items to be stored, wherein the transmitting is performed by a transmission device at least partially embedded within one of the pallet and the wall. 41. The method of claim 38, wherein transmitting is performed by a transmission device comprising at least one of: (a) a telephone, (b) a wireless telephone, (c) a cellular telephone, (d) a computer, (e) a portable computer, (f) a personal digital assistant, (g) an email transmitting device, (h) an Internet-linked device, (i) a radio, (j) a citizens band radio, (k) a short wave radio, (l) a short-range communication device, (m) a push-to-talk communication device, (n) an image transmitting device, (o) a camera, (p) a video relay services device, (q) a satellite network based-device, (r) a microwave transmission device, (s) a radar transmission device, (t) any combination thereof. 42. The method of claim 38, wherein transmitting comprises transmitting through an antenna configured to be at least one of: (a) embedded within a body forming the at least one transportable electric unit, (b) mounted on the at least one transportable electric unit, (c) extendable from the at least one transportable electric unit, (d) telescoping from the at least one transportable electric unit, (e) swinging from the at least one transportable electric unit. 43. The method of claim 38, wherein the at least one transportable electric unit comprises at least one of: (a) a pallet, (b) a container having at least one wall, the container generally forming an interior space for holding items to be stored, wherein the displaying is performed by a display device at least partially embedded within one of the pallet and the wall. 44. The method of claim 38, wherein the displaying is performed by a display device having at least one of: (a) a display panel, (b) a television, (c) a computer having a computer monitor, (d) a portable computer, (e) a lap-top computer, (f) a telephone, (g) a wireless telephone, (h) a satellite telephone, (i) a gauge, (j) a meter, (k) an analog display, (l) a digital display. 45. The method of claim 38, wherein transmitting and displaying further comprises transmitting and displaying information relating to at least one of: (a) electrical current characteristics including at least one of: amperes, voltage, and wattage associated with the source, (b) an amount of time remaining that the source can provide power, (c) an amount of time the source has previously provided power, (d) an amount of fuel available for the source, (e) an amount of fuel consumed by the source, (f) an amount of power being used by the source, and (g) an amount of power being provided to the source. 46. The method of claim 1, wherein providing the at least one transportable electric unit comprises providing a fuel reservoir configured to provide fuel for a source of electricity. 47. The method of claim 46, wherein the at least one transportable electric unit comprises at least one of: (a) a pallet, (b) a container with a wall, wherein the fuel reservoir is at least partially embedded in the provided one of the pallet and the wall. 48. The method of claim 47, wherein the source of electricity is at least partially embedded within the provided one of the pallet and the wall. 49. The method of claim 47, wherein the container defines a main storage area, the method further comprising: providing a plurality of survival supply items at least one of: (a) on the pallet, (b) inside the main storage area of the container, wherein the fuel reservoir is one of the survival supply items. 50. The method of claim 49, further comprising: maintaining at least a predetermined amount of fuel in the reservoir comprising: monitoring the amount of fuel in the reservoir, and at least one of: (a) transmitting information including indication of the amount of fuel in the reservoir to a designated party associated with an acceptor of the subscriptions for refilling of the fuel reservoir, (b) displaying the information on the at least one transportable electric unit. 51. The method of claim 1, further comprising maintaining a thermally controlled area for controlling a temperature of survival supply items. 52. The method of claim 51, wherein maintaining a thermally controlled area comprises maintaining an area that is at least one of: refrigerated and frozen. 53. The method of claim 51, wherein maintaining a thermally controlled area comprises providing the at least one transportable electric unit with at least one of: (a) at least one source of electricity configured to connect electrically to at least one of: a refrigerator, a freezer, and a refrigerator and freezer combination, (b) at least one of: a refrigerator, a freezer, and a refrigerator and freezer combination, (c) a source of electricity operatively connected to at least one of: a refrigerator, a freezer, and a refrigerator and freezer combination. 54. The method of claim 53, further comprising storing at least one survival supply item of spoilable items, nutrients, hydration, medicinal items, and medical supply related items in at least one of: (a) the refrigerator, (b) the freezer, (c) the combination of (a) and (b). 55. The method of claim 51, wherein the at least one transportable electric unit is substantially formed of at least one of: (a) a refrigerator, (b) a freezer, (c) a combination of (a) and (b). 56. The method of claim 51, wherein maintaining a thermally controlled area comprises providing at least one electrical cooking device for heating consumable items. 57. The method of claim 56, wherein the at least one electrical cooking device is at least one of: a kitchen appliance, a microwave oven, an electric oven, an electric stove, and a fire starting device. 58. The method of claim 1, further comprising: protecting authorized beneficiaries of the subscriptions by providing the at least one transportable electric unit with at least one of: (a) at least one environmental control device that is electrically powered, (b) at least one source of electricity configured for electrically connecting to at least one environmental control device, (c) at least one environmental control device and at least one source of electricity operatively connected to the at least one environmental control device. 59. The method of claim 58, wherein protecting authorized beneficiaries of the subscriptions comprises lighting at least one of: an exterior and an interior of the at least one transportable electric unit. 60. The method of claim 59, wherein the at least one transportable electric unit has an interior portion and is configured to light the interior portion when the at least one transportable electric unit is at least one of: opened and occupied. 61. The method of claim 58, wherein the at least one transportable electric unit further comprises light switches for manually lighting at least one of: an interior and an exterior of the at least one transportable electric unit. 62. The method of claim 58, further comprising a light configured to be disposed a predetermined distance from the at least one transportable electric unit while remaining electrically connected to a source of electricity on the at least one transportable electric unit for lighting a selected area. 63. The method of claim 58, wherein protecting authorized beneficiaries of the subscriptions comprises setting lights to automatically turn on as a function, at least in part, of at least one of: a time of day, detection of a certain amount of light, and detection of motion. 64. The method of claim 58, wherein protecting authorized beneficiaries of the subscriptions comprises synchronizing a clock on the at least one transportable electric unit with an atomic clock. 65. The method of claim 64, further comprising receiving a transmitted wireless signal for synchronizing the clock. 66. The method of claim 58, wherein protecting authorized beneficiaries of the subscriptions includes providing the at least one transportable electric unit to be configured to at least temporarily shelter a predetermined number of the authorized beneficiaries, and wherein a climate of an interior of the at least one transportable electric unit is controlled at least in part by the at least one electrically powered environmental control device. 67. The method of claim 58, wherein protecting the authorized beneficiaries of the subscriptions comprises controlling a climate that surrounds the authorized beneficiaries by providing the at least one environmental control device as one of: (a) an air conditioner, (b) a heater, (c) a humidifier, (d) a dehumidifier, (e) a fan, (f) a climate control panel for controlling any of (a) to (e). 68. The method of claim 58, wherein protecting authorized beneficiaries of the subscriptions comprises protecting the authorized beneficiaries from air borne threats by providing the at least one electrically powered environmental control device with at least one electrical fan placed in a vicinity of an air filter. 69. The method of claim 58, wherein protecting authorized beneficiaries of the subscriptions comprises protecting the authorized beneficiaries from insects by providing the at least one electrically powered environmental control device with at least one of: an electrical insect trap, an insect attraction device, and an insect electrocutional device. 70. The method of claim 1, further comprising protecting authorized beneficiaries of the subscriptions including securing at least one of: safety of the authorized beneficiaries, the at least one transportable electric unit, and property of the authorized beneficiaries from access by unauthorized third parties by maintaining surveillance of an area to be protected. 71. The method of claim 70, wherein maintaining surveillance comprises at least one of: (a) lighting an area to be protected: (b) transmitting an image of the area to be protected, (c) recording an image of the area to be protected, (d) recording and transmitting an image of the area to be protected, (e) detecting motion in an area to be protected by using at least one of: (1) an infrared camera, (2) a ground movement sensor, (3) a light beam-based sensor, (4) a laser-based sensor. 72. The method of claim 71, wherein the image of the area to be protected is transmitted to at least one receiving device at least one of: (a) an authorized beneficiary's location, (b) an authorized beneficiary's shelter, (c) inside the at least one transportable electric unit, (d) a location remote from the at least one transportable electric unit, (e) a remote location designated by an acceptor of the subscriptions. 73. The method of claim 70, wherein maintaining surveillance further comprises detecting motion in the area to be protected for triggering operation of at least one of: (a) at least one camera, (b) at least one light. 74. The method of claim 70, wherein maintaining surveillance further comprises using a low-light camera being at least one of: (a) infrared-based, (b) thermally-based, (c) light-intensifier based. 75. The method of claim 70, wherein maintaining surveillance comprises sensing at least one of: (a) unauthorized entry into, (b) opening of, (c) unlocking of, an access way provided on at least one of: (1) the at least one transportable electric unit, (2) a shelter, (3) a storage container. 76. The method of claim 70, wherein maintaining surveillance comprises sensing at least one unauthorized event of: (a) unauthorized entry into the area to be protected, (b) unauthorized movement of the at least one transportable electric unit, (c) unauthorized electrical connection to at least one electrical interface on the at least one transportable electric unit. 77. The method of claim 76, further comprising upon detecting an unauthorized event, at least one of: (a) transmitting indication of an unauthorized event to a designated party, (b) triggering an alarm, (c) activating at least one camera, (d) turning on at least one light, (e) shutting off the electricity to at least the at least one electrical interface, (f) turning on an electrical barrier. 78. The method of claim 70, wherein maintaining surveillance comprises automatically transmitting an indication of an unauthorized entry to at least one of: a receiving device inside the at least one transportable electric unit and at least one remote location upon detection of the unauthorized entry. 79. The method of claim 70, wherein maintaining surveillance comprises at least one of: (a) remotely configuring a security system provided by the at least one transportable electric unit, (b) remotely triggering an alarm provided by the at least one transportable electric unit. 80. The method of claim 79, wherein remotely configuring and remotely triggering comprise providing at least one of: (a) a radio frequency device, (b) a computer, (c) a portable computer, (d) a wireless telephone, (e) a satellite telephone, (f) a cellular telephone, for at least one of remotely: (1) configuring the security system, (2) triggering the security system, (3) operating the security system. 81. The method of claim 1, further comprising protecting authorized beneficiaries of the subscriptions including protecting the safety of the authorized beneficiaries and property by electrically controlling access to at least one of: (a) the at least one transportable electric unit, (b) at least one secured container. 82. The method of claim 81, wherein protecting authorized beneficiaries of the subscriptions and property comprises providing at least one selectively unlockable electrically-based lock. 83. The method of claim 81, wherein protecting authorized beneficiaries of the subscriptions and property comprises confirming an authorized beneficiary's identification before permitting entry to the authorized beneficiary. 84. The method of claim 83, wherein the identity of the authorized beneficiary is confirmed electrically by at least one of: (a) a biometric device, (b) an identification card reading device, (c) a camera with a transmitter configured for transmitting an image to a closed-circuit television, (d) a pass code entry device, (e) a password(s) identifying device. 85. The method of claim 83, wherein protecting authorized beneficiaries of the subscriptions and property comprises transmitting identification data of the authorized beneficiary to a remote security control device. 86. The method of claim 81, wherein protecting authorized beneficiaries of the subscriptions and property comprises remotely permitting access to at least one of: (a) the at least one transportable electric unit, (b) the secured container. 87. The method of claim 1, further comprising protecting authorized beneficiaries of the subscriptions and property including automatically notifying at least one designed contact person upon the authorized beneficiary's entry into at least one of: (a) the at least one transportable electric unit, (b) the secured container. 88. The method of claim 1, further comprising providing to an authorized beneficiary of one of the subscriptions guidance to the at least one transportable electric unit. 89. The method of claim 88, wherein the guidance includes at least one of: global positioning system coordinates, latitude and longitude information, a satellite communication, an Internet communication, an Internet broadcast, a verbal communication, a written communication, a wireless communication, a visual communication, an odor-based communication using an odor code. 90. The method of claim 89, wherein the visual communication includes at least one of: a beacon, a flag, a strobe, and a code. 91. The method of claim 90, wherein the code includes at least one of: a color code, a symbol, a shape, an alphanumeric code. 92. The method of claim 89, wherein the wireless communication includes at least one of: a radio transmission, a television transmission, a cellular telephony transmission, a satellite transmission. 93. The method of claim 1, wherein providing an electric unit further comprises providing at least one communication device for communicating with authorized beneficiaries of the subscriptions. 94. The method of claim 93, wherein the at least one communication device comprises: (a) a telephone, (b) a wireless telephone, (c) a cellular telephone, (d) a satellite telephone, (e) a computer, (f) a portable computer, (g) a personal digital assistant, (h) at least one of: an email receiving device and email transmitting device, (i) an Internet-linked device, (j) a radio, (k) a citizens band radio, (l) a short wave radio, (m) a short-range communication device, (n) a push-to-talk communication device, (o) a Morse code-based device, (p) an image transmitting device, (q) a camera, (r) a watch, (s) any combination thereof. 95. The method of claim 93, wherein the at least one transportable electric unit provides a docking station for receiving the at least one communication device for providing electrical power to the at least one communication device. 96. The method of claim 1, further comprising enabling electrical medical emergency procedures by providing electrical medical equipment on the at least one transportable electric unit. 97. The method of claim 91, wherein the medical equipment is at least one of: (a) a heart defibrillator, (b) a biological system monitoring device, (c) a respiration device, (d) a positive airflow filtration device, (e) a blood circulation system device, (f) a surgical device, (g) a fluid filtration device, (h) a gas delivery-based device. 98. The method of claim 1, further comprising enabling electrically-based rescue operations by providing electrical rescue equipment on the at least one transportable electric unit. 99. The method of claim 98, wherein the rescue equipment at least includes a winch. 100. The method of claim 1, further comprising maintaining at least one survival supply item on the at least one transportable electric unit pending a need to permit subscription-based access to the at least one transportable electric unit. 101. The method of claim 100, wherein maintaining the at least one survival supply item comprises monitoring an inventory status of the at least one survival supply item with at least one electronic monitoring device. 102. The method of claim 101, wherein the at least one electronic monitoring device is at least one of: a radio frequency identification tag and a radio frequency identification tag reader. 103. The method of claim 102, further comprising resupplying the at least one survival supply item upon receiving a communication of a low inventory status of the at least one survival supply item. 104. The method of claim 102, wherein providing the at least one transportable electric unit comprises providing a source of electricity providing power to a network having at least one radio frequency identification tag reader. 105. The method of claim 1, wherein providing the at least one transportable electric unit comprises providing at least one survival supply item of: (a) a life-sustaining necessity, (b) hydration, (c) nourishment, (d) shelter, (e) security, (f) air supply devices, (g) oxygen supply devices, (h) environmentally borne threat abatement, (i) medical supplies, (j) a consumable necessity of human life, (k) a non-consumable necessity of human life, (l) a water purification apparatus, (m) medical facilities and supplies associated therewith, (n) living quarters and supplies associated therewith, (o) a transport vehicle and supplies associated therewith, (p) spare parts, (q) a non-necessity of life. 106. The method of claim 1, wherein providing the at least one transportable electric unit comprises providing at least one survival supply item including at least one tool for repairing an electrical device. 107. The method of claim 1, wherein providing the at least one transportable electric unit comprises providing at least one electrical conductor configured for providing an electrical pathway through the at least one transportable electric unit. 108. The method of claim 107, wherein the electrical conductor has at least two ends, each end having an interface for connection to another electrical conductor. 109. The method of claim 108, further comprising providing a plurality of the at least one transportable electric units, and wherein at least one interface of one of the at least one transportable electric units is configured to be connected to at least one interface of any other electric unit for forming a continuous electrical conduit through at least two electric units of the plurality of electric units. 110. The method of claim 109, further comprising a plurality of electric units, and wherein the interfaces are configured to be placed in direct contact with at least one interface of another of the at least one transportable electric units. 111. The method of claim 109, wherein the interfaces are configured for the at least one transportable electric units to be placed side to side to form the continuous electrical conduit. 112. The method of claim 109, wherein the interfaces are configured for the at least one transportable electric units to be stacked one upon another to form the continuous electrical conduit. 113. The method of claim 109, further comprising providing a plurality of electric units configured to be electrically connected to each other by elongate conductive members configured to connect to the interfaces. 114. The method of claim 1, wherein providing the at least one transportable electric unit further comprises providing an extension cord on the at least one transportable electric unit. 115. The method of claim 114, wherein the extension cord is retractably mounted on the at least one transportable electric unit. 116. The method of claim 114, wherein the extension cord is selectively detachable from the at least one transportable electric unit. 117. A transportable electric unit for providing survival supply items, comprising at least one of: (a) at least one source of electricity, (b) at least one electrically powered device, (c) at least one conductive conduit extending through the at least one transportable electric unit, and consideration-based private civil security subscriptions from subscribers with respect to providing civilly-catastrophic event-based access to the at least one transportable electric unit. 118. The at least one transportable electric unit of claim 117, wherein the source of electricity comprises at least one battery. 119. The at least one transportable electric unit of claim 118, further comprising a monitor for monitoring at least an amount of power that the at least one battery has remaining. 120. The at least one transportable electric unit of claim 117, further comprising a fuel reservoir for providing fuel for a source of electricity. 121. The at least one transportable electric unit of claim 120, further comprising a monitor for monitoring an amount of fuel in the fuel reservoir for determining how much capacity the source of electricity has remaining. 122. The at least one transportable electric unit of claim 120, wherein the fuel reservoir is refillable. 123. The at least one transportable electric unit of claim 120, wherein the fuel reservoir is configured and arranged for being an external fuel supply for at least one other electric unit. 124. The at least one transportable electric unit of claim 117 being further configured and arranged to connect to an external fuel reservoir. 125. The at least one transportable electric unit of claim 117, further comprising a display device provided by the at least one transportable electric unit for displaying an amount of capacity the source of electricity has remaining. 126. The at least one transportable electric unit of claim 117, further comprising a transmission device for transmitting information indicating a condition of the source of electricity for resupplying the at least one transportable electric unit to operate the source of electricity. 127. The at least one transportable electric unit of claim 117, wherein the source of electricity comprises at least one solar panel mounted on at least one of: a base and the at least one transportable electric unit. 128. The at least one transportable electric unit of claim 127, wherein the solar panel is at least one of: manually and automatically adjustably mounted for following a light source. 129. The at least one transportable electric unit of claim 117, wherein the source of electricity comprises at least one of: (a) a fuel-consumptive source of electricity, (b) a wind-based source of electricity, (c) a photonically-based source of electricity, (d) a fluid-based source of electricity, (e) a thermoelectric source of electricity, (f) a stored-energy source of electricity, (g) human-powered based source of electricity, (h) animal-powered based source of electricity, (i) a portable electric generator, (j) an electronic device, (k) a device having at least one battery, (l) a communication device, (m) a cellular telephone, (n) a satellite telephone, (o) a computer, (p) a portable computer, (q) a camera, (r) a watch. 130. The at least one transportable electric unit of claim 117, wherein the at least one electrically powered device comprises a communication device. 131. The at least one transportable electric unit of claim 130, wherein the communication device is at least one of: (a) a telephone, (b) a wireless telephone, (c) a cellular telephone, (d) a satellite telephone, (e) a computer, (f) a portable computer, (g) a personal digital assistant, (h) at least one of an email transmitting device and email receiving device, (i) an internet-linked device, (j) a radio, (k) a citizens band radio, (l) a short wave radio, (m) a short-range communication device, (n) a push-to-talk communication device, (o) a Morse-code-based communication device, (p) an image transmitting device, (q) a camera, (r) a video relay services device, (s) a satellite network based-device, (t) any combination thereof. 132. The at least one transportable electric unit of claim 117, further comprising at least one survival supply item carried by the electric unit, the at least one survival supply item comprising at least one of: (a) a life-sustaining necessity, (b) hydration, (c) nourishment, (d) shelter, (e) security, (f) air supply devices, (g) oxygen supply devices, (h) environmentally borne threat abatement, (i) medical supplies, (j) a consumable necessity of human life, (l) a non-consumable necessity of human life, (l) a water purification apparatus, (m) medical facilities and supplies associated therewith, (n) living quarters and supplies associated therewith, (o) a transport vehicle and supplies associated therewith, (p) spare parts, (q) a non-necessity of life. 133. The at least one transportable electric unit of claim 117, wherein the at least one electrically powered device comprises at least one of: (a) a dock configured for receiving a rechargeable source of electricity, (b) at least one of: (1) a refrigerator, (2) a freezer, (3) a combination of both (1) and (2), (c) a climate control device for controlling climate of a designated area, (d) a light, (e) a clock synchronization device, (f) an environmental air borne threat abatement device, (g) an insect control device, (h) a security surveillance device, (i) a security lock device, (j) a subscriber identification detection device, (k) a subscriber guidance device, (l) a medical device, (m) a rescue device, (n) an inventory monitoring device. 