Several embodiments provide wireless extensions to an irrigation controller system and related methods of use, as well as other improvements to irrigation control equipment. In one implementation, an irrigation control system includes a transmitter unit including a controller and having a connector to be coupled to an irrigation controller having station actuation output connectors. The controller is configured to receive an indication that the irrigation controller has activated an irrigation station, and is also configured to cause the transmitter unit to transmit a wireless activation signal responsive to the indication. A receiver unit is coupled to an actuator coupled to an actuatable device, such as an irrigation valve, the actuator configured to actuate the irrigation valve to control the flow of water therethrough. The receiver unit receives the wireless activation signal and in response, causes the actuator to actuate the actuatable device.
Claims 1. An irrigation control system comprising: a transmitter unit comprising: a connector adapted to be coupled to an irrigation controller having station actuation output connectors for activating stations; a first controller coupled to the connector and adapted to receive an indication that the irrigation controller has activated an irrigation station; and a signal transmitter coupled to the first controller, wherein responsive to the indication, the first controller is configured to cause a wireless activation signal to be transmitted by the signal transmitter, the wireless activation signal configured for receipt at a wireless receiver unit located remotely from the transmitter unit and coupled to an actuator and an actuatable device. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein the actuatable device comprises an irrigation valve controlling the flow of water therethrough. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein the connector of the transmitter unit is adapted to be coupled to one or more actuation lines coupled to the station actuation output connectors of the irrigation controller. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein the connector of the transmitter unit is adapted to be coupled to one or more of the station actuation output connectors of the irrigation controller. 5. The system of claim 4 wherein the connector of the transmitter unit is adapted to be coupled to the one or more station actuation output connectors replacing an electrical wireline connection from the one or more station actuation output connectors to corresponding irrigation stations. 6. The system of claim 4 wherein the connector of the transmitter unit is adapted to be coupled to the one or more station actuation output connectors in addition an electrical wireline connection from the one or more station actuation output connectors to corresponding irrigation stations. 7. The system of claim 4 wherein the connector of the transmitter unit comprises a plurality of discrete connectors corresponding to the station actuation output connectors of the irrigation controller. 8. The system of claim 1 wherein the connector of the transmitter unit includes a power connection adapted to be coupled to the irrigation controller to receive operational power. 9. The system of claim 1 wherein the transmitter unit further comprises: sensor circuitry coupled to the connector and the first controller, the sensor circuitry adapted to sense an electrical signal applied to one or more of the station actuation output connectors of the irrigation controller, the electrical signal providing the indication that the irrigation controller has activated the irrigation station. 10. The system of claim 9 wherein the sensor circuitry senses when current is applied to the one or more of the station actuation output connectors, the current providing the indication that the irrigation controller has activated the irrigation station. 11. The system of claim 1 wherein operation of the irrigation controller is independent of operation of the transmitter unit. 12. The system of claim 1 wherein the irrigation controller is contained within a first housing and the transmitter unit is contained within a second housing separate from the first housing. 13. The system of claim 1 wherein the transmitter unit wherein the signal transmitter comprises: a radio frequency transmitter and an antenna adapted to wirelessly transmit the wireless activation signal. 14. The system of claim 1 wherein the transmitter unit comprises a housing having a wall, the wall comprising: a first knockout formed in of the wall, which when removed from the wall forms a first opening in the wall; a second knockout formed in the wall extending from a portion of the first knockout to an edge of the wall, the second knockout forming a second opening in the wall when removed, the first opening and the second opening being contiguous. 15. The system of claim 1 wherein the transmitter unit is configured to re-transmit the wireless activation signal a plurality of times, randomizing a time interval between transmissions. 16. The system of claim 15 wherein the first controller is configured to sample an input of the first controller to receive the indication that the irrigation controller has activated the irrigation station; wherein the first controller transmits a given wireless activation signal upon receipt of the indication, waits a random time interval, then re-samples the input and transmits a subsequent wireless activation signal in the event the indication is again received. 17. The system of claim 15 wherein the time interval between subsequent transmissions of the wireless activation signal is a time period between 3 and 4 seconds. 18. The system of claim 17 wherein the time interval between each subsequent transmission of the wireless activation signal is a time period selected from a plurality of discrete time periods. 19. The system of claim 1 wherein the actuatable device comprises an irrigation valve controlling the flow of water therethrough and wherein the wireless activation signal is formatted according to a message format consisting of: a header portion having 64bits; and a data portion following the header portion and having 80 bits, the data portion comprising: a serial number portion having 48 bits and defining a transmitter identification for the transmitter unit; a command portion following the serial number portion and having 4 bits; a valve bank portion following the command portion and having 4 bits; a data portion following the valve bank portion and having 8 bits; and an error correction portion following the data portion and having 16 bits. 20. The system of claim 19 wherein the wireless activation signal further comprises a plurality of stuffing bits inserted in between one or more portions of the message format. 21. The irrigation control device of claim 1 further comprising: the receiver unit comprising: a signal receiver adapted to receive the wireless activation signal from the wireless transmitter unit; a second controller coupled to the signal receiver and adapted to receive a message contained in the wireless activation signal; and an activation circuit coupled to the second controller, wherein responsive to the message, the second controller is configured to cause the activation circuit to output signaling to cause the actuator to actuate the actuatable device. 22. The system of claim 21 wherein the actuatable device comprises an irrigation valve controlling the flow of water therethrough. 23. The system of claim 21 further comprising: one or more additional receiver units, each adapted to be coupled to an additional actuator coupled to an additional actuatable device, the additional actuator configured to actuate the additional actuatable device, the one or more additional receiver units each adapted to receive the wireless activation signal and in response, cause the additional actuator to actuate the additional actuatable device. 24. The system of claim 21 wherein the receiver unit includes battery, such that the receiver unit is battery powered. 25. The system of claim 21 wherein the receiver unit includes a solar cell, such that the receiver unit is solar powered. 26. The system of claim 25 wherein the receiver unit further comprises: a second controller adapted to process a message contained in the wireless activation signal having been received; and an activation circuit coupled to the second controller, wherein responsive to the message, the second controller is configured to cause the activation circuit to output signaling to cause the actuator to actuate the actuatable device. 27. The system of claim 26 wherein the actuatable device comprises an irrigation valve controlling the flow of water therethrough and wherein the activation circuit comprises: a capacitor adapted to be charged to a first voltage and adapted to be discharged to provide a pulse sufficient to actuate the actuator controlling the irrigation valve; the battery having a voltage rating at a second voltage, the second voltage less than the first voltage, the battery providing operational power to the receiver unit, the second controller and for charging the capacitor; and a capacitor charging circuit comprising: an inductor coupling the battery to the capacitor; and a switch coupled to the inductor and operated by the second controller, the switch controls the flow of current through the inductor. 28. The system of claim 27 wherein the capacitor charging circuit includes a diode coupling the inductor to the capacitor. 29. The system of claim 26 wherein the activation circuit comprises: a capacitor adapted to be charged to a voltage of at least 7 volts and adapted to be discharged to provide a pulse sufficient to actuate the actuator controlling the irrigation valve; the battery having a voltage rating of less than 7 volts, the battery providing operational power to the receiver, the second controller and for charging the capacitor; and a capacitor charging circuit coupling the battery to the capacitor. 30. The system of claim 26 wherein the battery comprises a D cell battery having a voltage rating of 1.5 volts. 31. The system of claim 26 wherein the receiver unit further comprises a housing containing the second controller and the battery. 32. The system of claim 31 wherein the housing comprises a watertight housing. 33. The system of claim 21 wherein the signal receiver comprises: an antenna and a radio frequency receiver adapted to receive the wireless activation signal. 34. The system of claim 33 wherein the radio frequency receiver is adapted to repetitively enter a power-saving sleep mode for a first time duration and then enter an awake mode for a second time duration to listen for signaling from the transmitter unit. 35. The system of claim 21 wherein the receiver unit further comprises a housing containing the second controller and the battery and wherein the actuator comprises a latching solenoid unit, the housing including: a receptor portion adapted to receive and mate to a portion of the latching solenoid unit, such that the housing mounts directly to the latching solenoid unit. 36. The system of claim 35 wherein the receptor portion includes an opening adapted to allow electrical connection wires of the latching solenoid unit to extend out of the receptor portion. 37. The system of claim 21 wherein the receiver unit further comprises a housing containing the second controller and the battery, the housing including: a receptor portion adapted to receive and mate to a portion of a corresponding mounting bracket in a plurality of mounting orientations, the mounting bracket allowing the receiver unit to be mounted to irrigation equipment. 38. The system of claim 21 wherein the receiver unit further comprises: a housing; and a switch sealed within the housing, the switch actuatable from outside of the housing, the switch placing the receiver unit in a learning mode to be paired to the transmitter unit. 39. The system of claim 38 wherein the receiver unit further comprises a second controller, wherein upon placing the receiver unit in the learning mode, the receiver unit listens for message having a specified format from the transmitter unit; and wherein upon receipt of the message having the specified format, the second controller extracts a transmitter identification from the message, the transmitter identification corresponding to the transmitter unit, wherein the receiver unit is paired to the transmitter unit. 40. The system of claim 38 wherein the switch comprises a magnetically activated switch. 41. An irrigation control device comprising: a signal receiver adapted to receive a wireless activation signal from a remotely located wireless transmitter unit which is coupled to an irrigation controller having station actuation output connectors for activating stations, the wireless transmitter unit adapted to receive an indication that the irrigation controller has activated an irrigation station, and responsive to the indication, the wireless transmitter unit is adapted to cause the wireless activation signal to be wirelessly transmitted; a controller coupled to the signal receiver and adapted to receive a message contained in the wireless activation signal; and an activation circuit coupled to the controller, wherein responsive to the message, the controller is configured to cause the activation circuit to output signaling to cause an actuator to actuate an actuatable device. 42. The device of claim 41 wherein the actuatable device comprises an irrigation valve controlling the flow of water therethrough. 43. An irrigation control system comprising: a transmitter unit including a first controller, the transmitter unit having a connector adapted to be coupled to an irrigation controller having station actuation output connectors for activating stations; the first controller configured to receive an indication that the irrigation controller has activated an irrigation station, the first controller configured to cause the transmitter unit to transmit a wireless activation signal responsive to the indication; and a receiver unit adapted to be coupled to an actuator coupled to an actuatable device, the actuator configured to actuate the actuatable device, the receiver unit adapted to receive the wireless activation signal and in response, cause the actuator to actuate the irrigation valve. 44. The system of claim 43 wherein the actuatable device comprises an irrigation valve controlling the flow of water therethrough. 45. A method of wireless irrigation control comprising: receiving, at a transmitter unit coupled to an irrigation controller having station output actuation connectors for activating stations, an indication that the irrigation controller has activated a station; and wirelessly transmitting, responsive to the receiving the indication, a wireless activation signal from the transmitter unit to a receiver unit remotely located from the transmitter unit, the wireless activation signal adapted to cause the receiver unit to cause an actuator to actuate an actuatable device. 46. The method of claim 45 wherein the actuatable device comprises an irrigation valve controlling the flow of water therethrough. 47. The method of claim 45 wherein the receiving step comprises receiving at a connector of the transmitter unit coupled to one or more actuation lines coupled to the station actuation output connectors of the irrigation controller, the indication. 48. The method of claim 45 wherein the receiving step comprises receiving at a connector of the transmitter unit coupled to one or more of the station actuation output connectors of the irrigation controller, the indication. 49. The method of claim 48 wherein the receiving step and the wirelessly transmitting step replace an electrical wireline connection from the one or more of the station actuation output connectors to corresponding stations. 50. The method of claim 48 further comprising coupling the one or more station actuation outputs connectors to corresponding stations with electrical wireline connections. 51. The method of claim 45 further comprising receiving, at the transmitter unit, operational power from the irrigation controller. 52. The method of claim 45 further comprising: sensing an electrical signal applied to one or more of the station actuation output connectors of the irrigation controller, the electrical signal providing the indication of the decision to activate the station. 53. The method of claim 52 wherein the sensing step comprises sensing when current is applied to the one or more of the station actuation output connector, the current providing the indication that the irrigation controller has activated the station. 54. The method of claim 45 further comprising: wherein the transmitter unit comprises a housing having a wall, the wall comprising: removing a first knockout formed in of the wall of the transmitter unit to form a first opening in the wall; and removing a second knockout formed in the wall and extending from a portion of the first knockout to an edge of the wall, the second knockout forming a second opening in the wall, the first opening and the second opening being contiguous. 55. The method of claim 45 further comprising wirelessly re-transmitting the wireless activation signal a plurality of times, randomizing a time interval between transmissions. 56. The method of claim 55 wherein the receiving the indication step further comprises: sampling an input of a first controller of the transmitter unit to receive the indication; wherein the re-transmitting step comprises: re-transmitting the wireless activation signal; waiting a random time interval; re-sampling the input to receive the indication; and re-transmitting a subsequent wireless activation signal. 57. The method of claim 56 wherein waiting the random time interval comprises waiting a time period selected from a plurality of discrete time periods. 58. The method of claim 45 wherein the actuatable device comprises an irrigation station controlling the flow of water therethrough and wherein the wirelessly transmitting step comprises: wirelessly transmitting the wireless activation signal according to a message format consisting of: a header portion having 64bits; and a data portion following the header portion and having 80 bits, the data portion comprising: a serial number portion having 48 bits and defining a transmitter identification for the transmitter unit; a command portion following the serial number portion and having 4 bits; a valve bank portion following the command portion and having 4 bits; a data portion following the valve bank portion and having 8 bits; and an error correction portion following the data portion and having 16 bits. 59. The method of claim 58 wherein the wireless activation signal further comprises a plurality of stuffing bits inserted in between one or more portions of the message format. 60. The method of claim 45 further comprising: wirelessly receiving, at the receiver unit, the wireless activation signal, the receiver unit coupled to the actuator which is coupled to the actuatable device; and causing the actuator to actuate the actuatable device. 61. The method of claim 60 wherein the actuatable device comprises an irrigation valve controlling the flow of water therethrough 62. The method of claim 60 wherein the wireless receiving step comprises: wirelessly receiving the wireless activation signal at one or more additional receiver units, each coupled to an additional actuator coupled to an additional actuatable device; and wherein the causing step comprises: causing each additional actuator actuates the additional actuatable device. 63. The method of claim 60 further comprising: powering the receiver unit with a battery. 64. The method of claim 60 further comprising: powering the receiver unit with a solar cell. 65. The method of claim 64 further comprising: processing a message contained in the wireless activation signal having been received; and causing, responsive to the processing step, an activation circuit to output signaling causing the actuator to actuate the actuatable device. 66. The method of claim 64 wherein the actuatable device comprises an irrigation valve controlling the flow of water therethrough, the method further comprising: charging a capacitor to a first voltage with the battery having a second voltage less than the first voltage; the charging step includes switching current from the battery on and off through an inductor coupled to the capacitor wherein the causing the activation circuit to output the signaling step comprises discharging the capacitor. 67. The method of claim 66 the charging step include coupling a transient voltage on the inductor to the capacitor using a diode when the current through the inductor is switched off. 68. The method of claim 64 wherein the actuatable device comprises an irrigation valve controlling the flow of water therethrough, the method further comprising: charging a capacitor to a voltage of at least 7 volts with the battery having a voltage of less than 7 volts; wherein the causing the activation circuit to output the signaling step comprises discharging the capacitor. 69. The method of claim 64 wherein the actuatable device comprises an irrigation valve controlling the flow of water therethrough, and wherein the battery comprises a D cell battery having a voltage rating of 1.5 volts. 70. The method of claim 60 further comprising: repetitively entering, at the receiver unit, a power-saving sleep mode for a first time duration; and entering an awake mode for a second time duration following each power-saving sleep mode to listen for signaling. 71. The method of claim 60 wherein the receiver unit comprises a housing and wherein the actuator comprises a latching solenoid unit, the method further comprising: mating a receptor portion of the receiver unit to a portion of the latching solenoid unit to mount the receiver unit directly to the latching solenoid unit. 72. The method of claim 60 wherein the receiver unit further comprises a housing, the method further comprising: mating a receptor portion of the housing of the receiver unit to a portion of a corresponding mounting bracket in a plurality of mounting orientations. 73. The method of claim 60 further comprising: activating a learning mode in the receiver unit; receiving a message having a specified format from the transmitter unit; and pairing the receiver unit to the transmitter unit in response to receiving the message. 74. The method of claim 73 wherein the activating step comprises activating the learning mode by actuating a switch sealed within a housing of the receiver unit. 75. The method of claim 74 wherein the switch comprises a magnetically activated switch and wherein the activating step comprises bringing a magnet in proximity to the magnetically activated switch. 76. The method of claim 73 wherein the pairing step comprises: extracting a transmitter identification from the message; and listening for subsequent messages having the transmitter identification. 77. A method of wireless irrigation control comprising: wirelessly receiving, at a receiver unit, a wireless activation signal transmitted from a transmitter unit remotely located from the receiver unit and coupled to an irrigation controller having station output actuation connectors for activating stations, the transmitter unit having wirelessly transmitted the wireless activation signal based on a received indication that the irrigation controller has activated a station, the receiver unit coupled to an actuator which is coupled to an actuatable device; and causing the actuator to actuate the actuatable device. 78. The method of claim 77 wherein the actuatable device comprises an irrigation valve controlling the flow of water therethrough. 79. A method of wireless irrigation control comprising: receiving, at a transmitter unit coupled to an irrigation controller having station output actuation connectors for activating stations, an indication that the irrigation controller has activated a station; wirelessly transmitting, responsive to the receiving the indication, a wireless activation signal from the transmitter unit; wirelessly receiving, at a receiver unit remotely located from the transmitter unit, the wireless activation signal, the receiver unit coupled to an actuator which is coupled to an actuatable device; and causing the actuator to actuate the actuatable device. 80. The method of claim 79 wherein the actuatable device comprises an irrigation valve controlling the flow of water therethrough. 81. An irrigation controller comprising: a microcontroller adapted to generate control signals to activate irrigation at one or more irrigation stations in accordance with the one or more watering programs; and a wireless transmitter coupled to the microcontroller and adapted to transmit a wireless activation signal responsive to the control signals to one or more receiver units coupled to the one or more irrigation stations, wherein the wireless transmitter is configured to periodically re-transmit the wireless activation signal, randomizing a time interval between transmissions. 82. The controller of claim 61 wherein the time interval between subsequent transmissions of the wireless activation signal is a time period between 3 and 4 seconds. 83. The controller of claim 81 wherein the time interval between each subsequent transmission of the wireless activation signal is a time period selected from a plurality of discrete time periods. 84. The controller of claim 81 wherein the randomizing the time interval reduces the likelihood of repetitive collision interference and accounts for discontinuity between transmission periods and periodic sleep modes of the one or more receiver units. 85. The controller of claim 81 wherein the wireless transmitter is contained in a housing separate from the microcontroller, the wireless transmitter providing a wireless extension of the irrigation controller. 86. A molded enclosure with a conduit knockout system comprising: a wall; a first knockout formed in the wall, which when removed from the wall forms a first opening in the wall; and a second knockout formed in the wall extending from a portion of the first knockout to an edge of the wall, the second knockout forming a second opening in the wall when removed, the first opening and the second opening being contiguous. 87. The enclosure of claim 86 further comprising: an adapter configured to receive a plurality of wires therethrough, wherein the first knockout, second knockout and the adapter are configured such that the adapter can be received into the first opening by moving the adapter through the second opening into the first opening. 88. The enclosure of claim 87 wherein the adapter including a locking nut. 89. A mounting bracket for irrigation equipment comprising: a first face; a keying portion coupled to the first face and shaped to engage a mating portion of a wireless receiver unit adapted to cause actuation of an irrigation actuator controlling water flow; and a mounting hole formed in the first face; and wherein the keying portion is shaped to engage the mating portion at a plurality of orientations. 90. The bracket of claim 89 further comprising: a mounting groove formed in the first face, the mounting groove adapted to receive a portion of a rib of an irrigation valve box. 91. The bracket of claim 89 further comprising: a second face contiguous with the first face and oriented at an angle relative to the first face. 92. The bracket of claim 91 wherein the second face includes a mounting hole. 93. The bracket of claim 89 wherein the mating portion comprises a receptor portion, the keying portion being adapted to be received into the receptor portion. 94. An actuator activation unit for irrigation equipment comprising: a housing containing circuitry adapted to output electrical signaling to cause the actuation of a solenoid of a solenoid unit, the solenoid adapted to open and close a valve controlling the flow of water therethrough; and a receptor portion formed in the housing, the receptor portion adapted to receive and mate to a portion of the solenoid unit, such that the housing mounts directly to the solenoid unit. 95. The unit of claim 94 wherein the receptor portion includes an opening adapted to allow electrical connection wires of the solenoid unit to extend out of the receptor portion. 96. The unit of claim 94 wherein the receptor portion is adapted to receive and mate in a selectable one of plurality of orientations to a keying portion of a mounting bracket, the mounting bracket adapted to mount the housing to irrigation equipment. 97. A battery powered receiver unit for controlling irrigation equipment comprising: a receiver adapted to receive irrigation control signals; a controller coupled to the receiver that is responsive to the irrigation control signals having been received; a capacitor adapted to be charged to a first voltage and adapted to be discharged to provide a pulse sufficient to actuate a latching solenoid controlling an irrigation valve; a battery having a voltage rating at a second voltage, the second voltage less than the first voltage, the battery providing operational power to the receiver, the controller and for charging the capacitor; and a capacitor charging circuit comprising: an inductor coupling the battery to the capacitor; and a switch coupled to the inductor and operated by the controller, the switch controls the flow of current through the inductor. 98. The receiver unit of claim 97 wherein the capacitor charging circuit includes a diode coupling the inductor to the capacitor. 99. The receiver unit of claim 97 further comprising a housing containing the receiver, the controller, the capacitor, the battery and the capacitor charging circuit. 100. The receiver unit of claim 97 wherein the receiver includes an antenna for receiving the wireless control signals. 101. The receiver unit of claim 97 wherein the battery comprises a D cell battery having a voltage rating of 1.5 volts. 102. The receiver unit of claim 97 wherein the first voltage is at least 7 volts and the second voltage is less than 7 volts. 103. The receiver unit of claim 102 wherein the second voltage is less than 2 volts. 104. A battery powered receiver unit for controlling irrigation equipment comprising: a receiver adapted to receive irrigation control signals; a controller coupled to the receiver that is responsive to the irrigation control signals having been received; a capacitor adapted to be charged to a voltage of at least 7 volts and adapted to be discharged to provide a pulse sufficient to actuate a latching solenoid controlling an irrigation valve; a battery having a voltage rating of less than 7 volts, the battery providing operational power to the receiver, the controller and for charging the capacitor; and a capacitor charging circuit coupling the battery to the capacitor. 105. The receiver unit of claim 104 wherein the battery has a voltage rating of less than 2 volts. 106. The receiver unit of claim 104 wherein the battery comprises a D cell battery having a voltage rating of 1.5 volts. 107. The receiver unit of claim 104 wherein the capacitor charging circuit comprises a switched-inductor based capacitor charging circuit. 