An electrical power generator includes a concave reflector formed to reflect light parallel to its central axis toward the central axis, on a surface of an energy receiving structure that preferably has a surface covered with photovoltaic cells facing outward from the central axis in directions perpendicular to the central axis. A cooling fluid is circulated though channels in a structure mounting the photovoltaic cells. The concave reflector is mounted to pivot about two axes of revolution, being driven by one or two motors to track the movement of the sun across the sky.
Claims 1. An electrical power generator comprising: a concave reflector having a reflective surface extending along a surface of revolution formed about a central axis, wherein the reflective surface reflects light from a light source aligned with the central axis inward, toward the central axis, within the concave reflector; an energy receiving structure attached to the concave reflector and extending within the concave reflector, wherein the energy receiving structure includes a photovoltaic surface facing outward from the central axis and perpendicular to the central axis; a stationary mounting structure; a first pivotal mounting structure attaching the concave reflector to the stationary mounting structure while allowing pivotal movement about a first axis of rotation; a motor pivoting the concave reflector about the first axis to hold the central axis of the concave reflector in alignment with a sun during movement of the sun relative to the stationary structure. 2. The electrical power generator of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic surface of the energy receiving structure includes a plurality of photovoltaic cells attached to a cell support structure to face outward from the cell support structure, perpendicular to the central axis. 3. The electrical power generator of claim 2, wherein the cell support structure includes a plurality of channels through which a coolant is circulated. 4. The electrical power generator of claim 3, additionally comprising: a conduit connected to the plurality of channels within the cell support structure, wherein the cooling fluid is circulated through the conduit; a pump moving the cooling fluid through the conduit; and a heat exchanger connected to the conduit for removing heat from the cooling fluid. 5. The electrical power generator of claim 4, wherein the cell support structure includes: a plurality of walls, with each wall including a plurality of channels extending between opposite ends; an outer manifold extending along an outer end of the cell support structure and around an outer end of each of the walls; an inner manifold extending along an inner end of the cell support structure and around an inner end of each of the walls; a plurality of passages for a flow of cooling fluid between adjacent channels at the outer ends of the walls; at least one inlet tube for a flow of cooling fluid into one of the channels at the inner end of one of the walls; and at least one outlet tube for a flow of cooling fluid out of one of the channels at the outer end of one of the walls. 6. The electrical power generator of claim 5, wherein the cell support structure additionally includes a plurality of passages for a flow of cooling fluid between adjacent channels at the inner ends of the walls. 7. The electrical power generator of claim 6, wherein the passages for a flow of cooling fluid between adjacent channels are formed as slots within the outer manifold and the inner manifold. 8. The electrical power generator of claim 1, wherein the concave reflector includes: an inner reflective surface portion extending along a first conical surface formed as a surface of revolution about the central axis; and an outer reflective surface portion extending outward from the inner reflective surface portion along a second conical surface formed as a surface of revolution about the central axis. 9. The electrical power generator of claim 8, wherein the second conical surface extends at a solid angle of ninety degrees, and the first conical surface extends at a solid angle greater than ninety degrees. 10. The electrical power generator of claim 1, additionally comprising a central support plate holding the energy receiving structure within the concave reflector; and a plurality of support ribs extending radially outward from the central support plate, wherein a surface of the concave reflector opposite the reflective surface of the concave reflector is attached to the support ribs. 11. The electrical power generator of claim 10, wherein the concave reflector comprises a curved reflective member extending between the support ribs. 12. The electrical power generator of claim 10, wherein the concave reflector comprises a plurality of flat reflective elements extending between the support ribs. 13. The electrical power generator of claim 1, additionally comprising: a second pivotal mounting structure attaching the concave reflector to the stationary mounting structure while allowing pivotal movement about a second axis of rotation, perpendicular to the first axis of rotation; and a motor pivoting the concave reflector about the second axis of rotation to hold the central axis of the concave reflector in alignment with the sun during movement of the sun relative to the stationary structure. 14. The electrical power generator of claim 13, additionally comprising: a first encoder producing a first signal representing movement of the central axis of the concave reflector about the first axis of rotation; a second encoder producing a second signal representing movement of the central axis of the concave reflector about the second axis of rotation; a controller including a microprocessor programmed to generate time of day clock information, to generate solar tracking information identifying a location of the sun relative to the stationary structure during daylight hours as a function of the time of day clock information, to generate a first error signal indicating differences between the location the central axis of the concave reflector as a function of the first signal and the location of the sun as a function of the solar tracking information, to generate a first drive signal driving the motor pivoting the concave reflector about the first axis of rotation to reduce an absolute value of the first error signal, to generate a second error signal indicating differences between the location the central axis of the concave reflector as a function of the second signal and the location of the sun as a function of the solar tracking information, and to generate a second drive signal driving the motor pivoting the concave reflector about the second axis of rotation to reduce an absolute value of the second error signal. 15. The electrical power generator of claim 14, additionally comprising an solar tracking device providing signals representing levels of deviation between the central axis of the reflector and the position of the sun, wherein the microprocessor is additionally programmed to generate the first and second error signals in response to the signals provided by the solar tracking device. 17. The electrical power generator of claim 13, wherein the first axis is vertical and the second axis is horizontal. 18. The electrical power generator of claim 1, additionally comprising a second pivotal mounting structure attaching the concave reflector to the stationary mounting structure while allowing pivotal movement about a horizontal axis of rotation, wherein the first axis or rotation is held perpendicular to the second axis of rotation. 19. The electrical power generator of claim 18, additionally comprising: a first encoder producing a first signal representing movement of the central axis of the concave reflector about the first axis of rotation; a controller including a microprocessor programmed to generate time of day clock information, to generate solar tracking information identifying a location of the sun relative to the stationary structure during daylight hours as a function of the time of day clock information, to generate an error signal indicating differences between the location the central axis of the concave reflector as a function of the first signal and the location of the sun as a function of the solar tracking information, to generate a drive signal driving the motor pivoting the concave reflector about the first axis of rotation to reduce an absolute value of the first error signal. 20. The electrical power generator of claim 19, additionally comprising an solar tracking device providing a signal representing levels of deviation between the central axis of the reflector and the position of the sun, wherein the microprocessor is additionally programmed to generate the first and second error signals in response to the signals provided by the solar tracking device. 