An exemplary solar energy assembly includes a body (10), a solar energy collecting component (20), and a lens module (30). The lens module is movably mounted to the body and is configured for concentrating incident solar radiation onto the solar energy collecting component. The solar energy collecting component is movably mounted to the body and is configured for converting incident solar radiation energy into electrical energy. The solar energy collecting component and the lens module are movable between a first position and a second position. In the first position the lens module, the body, and the solar energy collecting component are stacked on each other. In the second position the solar energy collecting component and the lens module are moved away from the body so as to enable the lens module to concentrate incident solar radiation onto the solar energy collecting component.
Claims 1. A solar energy assembly for a portable electronic device comprising: a solar energy collecting component movably mounted to a body of the portable electronic device; and a lens module movably mounted to the body and being configured for concentrating incident solar radiation onto the solar energy collecting component; wherein the solar energy collecting component is configured for converting incident solar radiation energy into electrical energy, and the solar energy collecting component and the lens module are movable between a first position in which the lens module, the body, and the solar energy collecting component are stacked on each other and a second position in which the solar energy collecting component and the lens module are moved away from the body so as to enable the lens module to concentrate incident solar radiation onto the solar energy collecting component. 2. The solar energy assembly as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a resilient member, wherein the lens module is resiliently mounted to the body by the resilient member. 3. The solar energy assembly as claimed in claim 2, wherein the body has a latching board configured for positioning or releasing the lens module relative to the body. 4. The solar energy assembly as claimed in claim 1, wherein the body has a shaft configured for rotatably mounting the solar energy collecting component to the body. 5. The solar energy assembly as claimed in claim 1, wherein the body defines a first receiving cavity configured for receiving the lens module. 6. The solar energy assembly as claimed in claim 1, wherein the body defines a second receiving cavity configured for receiving the solar energy collecting component. 7. The solar energy assembly as claimed in claim 1, wherein the lens module is a Fresnel lens module. 8. A portable electronic device comprising: a device body; and a solar energy assembly movably mounted to the body; comprising: a solar energy collecting component; and a lens module being configured for concentrating incident solar radiation onto the solar energy collecting component; wherein the solar energy collecting component is configured for converting incident solar radiation energy into electrical energy, and the solar energy assembly is movable between a first position in which the lens module and the solar energy collecting component are received in the device body and a second position in which the solar energy assembly are moved away from the body so as to enable the lens module to concentrate incident solar radiation onto the solar energy collecting component. 9. The portable electronic device as claimed in claim 8, further comprising a resilient member, wherein the lens module is resiliently mounted to the body by the resilient member. 10. The portable electronic device as claimed in claim 9, wherein the body has a latching board configured for positioning or releasing the lens module relative to the body. 11. The portable electronic device as claimed in claim 8, wherein the body has a shaft configured for rotatably mounting the solar energy collecting component to the body. 12. The portable electronic device as claimed in claim 8, wherein the body defines a first receiving cavity configured for receiving the lens module. 13. The portable electronic device as claimed in claim 8, wherein the body defines a second receiving cavity configured for receiving the solar energy collecting component. 14. The portable electronic device as claimed in claim 8, wherein the lens module is a Fresnel lens module. 15. A portable electronic device comprising: a device body having a receiving space; and a solar energy collecting component and a lens module configured so as to be capable of being received in the receiving space and being separately moved out of the receiving space to enable the lens module to concentrate incident solar radiation onto the solar energy collecting component, wherein the solar energy collecting component is configured for converting incident solar radiation energy into electrical energy for charging the device body. 16. The portable electronic device of claim 15, wherein the receiving space includes a first receiving cavity and a second receiving cavity for receiving the solar energy collecting component and a lens module, respectively. 17. The portable electronic device of claim 15, wherein the solar energy collecting component is configured so as to be linearly movable out of the receiving space. 18. The portable electronic device of claim 15, wherein lens module is configured so as to be rotatable out of the receiving space. 