An improved roadway temperature monitoring system is designed to be powered by solar energy for measuring and transmitting sensed roadway surface temperatures over a wireless link to remote workstations comprises a module housing fabricated from a light-transmissive, thermally conductive tough plastic for containing a solar cell array, a microprocessor, a spread spectrum RF transmitter, a plurality of temperature sensing elements and a battery supply therefor whose charge is maintained by the solar cell array.
Claims 1. A self-contained roadway temperature monitoring module, comprising: (a) a housing comprising a block of light-transmissive material having a top surface, a bottom surface and a side surface of a predetermined height dimension, the bottom surface having a cavity formed therein; (b) a solar cell array disposed in the cavity proximate the top surface for producing an electrical potential at a pair of output terminals; (c) a microprocessor disposed in the cavity at a location between the solar cell array and the bottom surface, the microprocessor having a plurality of data input terminals; (d) an RF transmitter disposed in the cavity and coupled to receive output signals from the microprocessor; (e) means coupling the output terminals of the solar cell array to the microprocessor and to the RF transmitter; and (f) a plurality of temperature sensing elements embedded in said block proximate the side surface, the temperature sensing elements being electrically coupled to said data input terminals of the microprocessor. 2. The module as in claim 1 and further including a DC battery disposed in the cavity and coupled to receive a charging current from the solar cell array with the battery delivering electrical power to the microprocessor and the RF transmitter. 3. The module as in claim 1 wherein the temperature sensing elements are thermistors. 4. The module as in claim 3 wherein the thermistors are disposed at spaced-apart elevations within said predetermined height dimension. 5. The module as in claim 1 and further including a plurality of locator tabs projecting laterally from said top surface. 6. The module as in claim 5 wherein the locator tabs are removable from the top surface following placement of the module in a opening formed in the roadway, leaving the top surface of the module flush with a top surface of the roadway. 7. The module as in claim 1 wherein the microprocessor is programmed to control the transmission of sensed temperature information to a remotely located receiver by said RF transmitter. 8. The module as in any one of claims 1-7 wherein the cavity is hermetically sealed by a thermally conductive potting compound impervious to moisture. 9. The module as in claim 7 wherein the RF transmitter is a spread spectrum transmitter. 10. A method of detecting whether a paved road surface is being heated from above or below, comprising the steps of: (a) installing a temperature monitoring module of claim 4 in an opening formed in a roadway with the top surface of the housing flush with the paved road surface; (b) providing a transceiver at a roadside location within range of the RF transmitter; (c) transmitting temperature readings obtained from said temperature readings obtained from said temperature elements from the RF transmitter to the transceiver; (d) forwarding the temperature readings to a remote computer workstation, the computer workstation programmed to process the temperature readings from individual spaced-apart temperature sensing elements and determining from the readings the direction from which the road surface is being heated. 