A high efficiency thermodynamic power conversion cycle is disclosed using thermal storage, atmospheric heat exchangers, and wind channeling in a synergistic method. Using the preferred configuration with ground source water, solar collectors, and heat pump including the further preferred utilization of ionic liquids or electride solutions as the working fluid in the system, achieves optimal total energy efficiency and enables otherwise insufficient thermal differentials to effectively generate power.
Claims 1. A thermodynamic power conversion device operating with at least one thermal storage device as a means to increase the average temperature differential between heat source and sink and energy efficiency. 2. The thermodynamic power conversion device according to claim 1 whereby the thermodynamic power conversion device is dynamically switch-able between at least a two operating modes wherein the first mode is the heat sink is a geothermal source when the temperature of said geothermal source is lower than either the ambient or thermal storage temperature or the second mode is the heat source is a geothermal source when the temperature of said geothermal source is higher than either ambient or thermal storage temperature. 3. The thermodynamic power conversion device according to claim 1 is comprised of at least two thermal storage tanks having a temperature differential between the storage tanks of at least 15 degrees Kelvin. 4. The thermodynamic power conversion device according to claim 1 whereby the thermodynamic power conversion device is further comprised of at least one from the group consisting of a heat driven pulse pump, heat pipe, loop heat pipe, capillary heat pipe, thermal bus, and heat pump. 5. The thermodynamic power conversion device according to claim 3 whereby the thermal storage tank having the higher temperature is infused with solar energy from a solar energy collection device. 6. The thermodynamic power conversion device according to claim 1 whereby the thermodynamic power conversion device is further comprised of an atmospheric heat exchanger. 7. The thermodynamic power conversion device according to claim 1 whereby the thermodynamic power conversion device heat source is further heated in real-time by a solar collector as a means to increase power conversion efficiency. 8. The thermodynamic power conversion device according to claim 7 wherein the solar collector is in fluid communication with the device of higher temperature selected from geothermal or thermal storage working fluids. 9. The thermodynamic power conversion device according to claim 6 whereby the atmospheric heat exchanger is in fluid communication with the device of higher temperature selected from geothermal or thermal storage working fluids when the atmospheric heat exchanger temperature is greater than either of geothermal or thermal storage working fluids. 10. The thermodynamic power conversion device according to claim 6 whereby the atmospheric heat exchanger is in fluid communication with the device of lower temperature selected from geothermal or thermal storage working fluids when the atmospheric heat exchanger temperature is lower than either of geothermal or thermal storage working fluids. 11. The thermodynamic power conversion device according to claim 6 whereby the atmospheric heat exchanger is further comprised of at least one device selected from the group consisting of wind channeling device as a means of enhancing heat transfer, a rotator motor as a means of maximizing air flow, and solar shielding device as a means of controlling solar thermal gain. 12. The thermodynamic power conversion device according to claim 6 whereby the atmospheric heat exchanger is capable of dynamically switching between evaporator or condenser modes. 13. The thermodynamic power conversion device according to claim 6 whereby the atmospheric heat exchanger is a multifunctional device including functions selected from the group consisting of structural support, architectural design element, or barrier wall. 14. The thermodynamic power conversion device according to claim 6 whereby the atmospheric heat exchanger is further comprised of at least one device selected from the group consisting of a wind power converter, evaporative cooling, and an electrostatic heat transfer enhancement. 15. The thermodynamic power conversion device according to claim 14 whereby the wind power converter is further comprised of at least one from the group consisting of wind channeling device and a rotator motor as a means of maximizing air flow. 16. The thermodynamic power conversion device according to claim 15 whereby the wind channeling device is achieved by a secondary function of the solar collector. 17. The thermodynamic power conversion device according to claim 16 whereby the heat pump condenser is in indirect fluid communication with at least one selected from the group consisting of a solar collector when operating in cooling mode and solar collector inlet temperature is less than condenser temperature, solar collector when operating in cooling mode and solar collector outlet temperature is less than condenser temperature, a high temperature thermal storage device wherein high temperature is at least 15 degrees Kelvin greater than a low temperature thermal storage device when operating in cooling mode and condenser temperature is greater than high temperature thermal storage device, power conversion device when operating in cooling mode and the high pressure side power conversion device wherein high pressure side power conversion device has a pressure greater than low pressure side power conversion device and high pressure side power conversion device temperature less than condenser temperature, power conversion device when operating in cooling mode and the low pressure side power conversion device wherein low pressure side power conversion device has a pressure lesser than high pressure side power conversion device and low pressure side power conversion device temperature less than condenser temperature, a solar collector when operating in heating mode and solar collector inlet temperature is less than evaporator temperature, solar collector when operating in heating mode and solar collector outlet temperature is less than evaporator temperature, a low temperature thermal storage device wherein low temperature is at least 15 degrees Kelvin less than a high temperature thermal storage device when operating in heating mode and evaporator temperature is less than low temperature thermal storage device, power conversion device when operating in heating mode and the low pressure side power conversion device wherein low pressure side power conversion device has a pressure lesser than high pressure side power conversion device and low pressure side power conversion device temperature higher than evaporator temperature, or power conversion device when operating in heating mode and the high pressure side power conversion device wherein high pressure side power conversion device has a pressure greater than low pressure side power conversion device and high pressure side power conversion device temperature greater than evaporator temperature. 18. A method for operating a geothermal system comprising: (A) power conversion device; (B) thermal storage system; (C) monitoring at least the inlet temperatures of the thermal storage system and geothermal system. 19. The geothermal system according to claim 18 whereby the thermal storage system is comprised of at least one low temperature thermal storage device and at least one thermal storage device wherein the temperature differential between said low and high temperature is a minimum of 15 degrees Kelvin. 20. The geothermal system according to claim 18 whereby the geothermal system utilizes a supercritical pressure refrigerant fluid. 21. The geothermal system according to claim 18 whereby the geothermal system utilizes a binary working fluid. 22. The geothermal system according to claim 21 wherein the binary working fluid is selected from at least one from the group of ionic liquid, poly(ionic liquid) polymer, electride, alkalide, and nanofluid solutions. 23. The geothermal system according to claim 21 whereby the geothermal system working fluid is further comprised of at least one working fluid including fluids selected from group of ionic liquid, poly(ionic liquid) polymer, electride, alkalide, and nanofluid solutions, and a supercritical fluid. 24. The geothermal system according to claim 18 whereby the geothermal system is further comprised of at least one from the group consisting of a heat driven pulse pump, heat pipe, loop heat pipe, or capillary heat pipe, thermal bus, and heat pump. 25. The geothermal system according to claim 18 whereby the geothermal system operates as a heat sink when temperature of geothermal source is lower than either ambient or thermal storage temperature or heat source when temperature of geothermal source is higher than either ambient or thermal storage temperature. 26. An atmospheric heat exchanger having an integral wind channeling device as a means of increasing energy efficiency and heat transfer. 27. The atmospheric heat exchanger according to claim 26 whereby the wind channeling device is dynamically configurable as a means of optimizing the aggregate of atmospheric heat exchanger energy consumption and ancillary power generation. 28. The atmospheric heat exchanger according to claim 26 whereby the atmospheric heat exchanger efficiency is further enhanced by integrating at least one function selected from the group consisting of evaporative cooling, solar shielding, and electrostatic heat transfer enhancement. 29. The atmospheric heat exchanger according to claim 27 whereby the ancillary power generation is achieved by the integration of at least one device selected from the group consisting of wind turbines, solar collectors, and thermodynamic cycle pressure expanders. 30. The atmospheric heat exchanger according to claim 26 whereby the atmospheric heat exchanger reduces or eliminates the requirement for fan energy to realize design air flow to achieve heat transfer. 31. The atmospheric heat exchanger according to claim 26 whereby the atmospheric heat exchanger is further comprised of at least one from the group consisting of a heat driven pulse pump, heat pipe, loop heat pipe, or capillary heat pipe, thermal bus, a rotator motor, and heat pump. 32. The geothermal system according to claim 21 whereby the geothermal system working fluid is further comprised of at least one ionic liquid and at least one poly(ionic liquid) polymer. 