Systems and methods for capturing the energy of wind currents by placing wind-driven turbines at one or more edges of a building's roof, where the wind currents are concentrated by deflection of the wind off the horizontal faces of the building. In one embodiment, a cylindrical wind turbine is placed at the edge of a building's rooftop. The turbine structure drives an electrical generator. The axis of rotation of the turbine is parallel to the ground and to the edge of the building. A concentrator may be used to direct rising winds into the turbine. Turbines can be installed on multiple sides of the building to optimize the system for variations in wind direction with changes in seasons or weather conditions.
Claims 1. A system comprising: a wind turbine; wherein the wind turbine is mounted on a roof of a building and positioned to enable the wind turbine to be driven by wind flow which is passively concentrated by a vertical face of the building and flows up and over the edge of the roof. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the wind turbine comprises a cylindrical turbine structure having an axis about which a plurality of turbine blades rotate, and wherein the wind turbine is oriented with the axis parallel to the edge of the roof. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the wind turbine is positioned adjacent to a parapet wall, and wherein the wind turbine is positioned such that the parapet wall screens at least a portion of the wind turbine from the concentrated wind flow. 4. The system of claim 3, further comprising a deflector attached to the parapet wall and configured to redirect the concentrated wind flow toward a desired portion of the wind turbine. 5. The system of claim 1, further comprising a generator coupled to the wind turbine and configured to generate electricity when driven by the wind turbine. 6. The system of claim 1, further comprising a concentrator positioned on a side of the wind turbine closest to the edge of the roof, wherein the concentrator is configured to redirect wind flow over the edge of the roof to a desired portion of the wind turbine. 7. The system of claim 6, wherein the concentrator is configured to be adjustably positioned. 8. The system of claim 7, wherein the concentrator is configured to be alternately adjustable to at least a first position in which the concentrator concentrates wind flow to the wind turbine and a second position in which the concentrator blocks at least a portion of the wind flow to the wind turbine. 9. The system of claim 6, further comprising one or more solar cells mounted on the concentrator and configured to generate electricity from light falling on the solar cells. 10. The system of claim 1, further comprising a deflector positioned on a side of the wind turbine opposite the edge of the roof, wherein the deflector is configured to redirect wind flow originating opposite the edge of the roof to a desired portion of the wind turbine. 11. The system of claim 1, further comprising one or more additional wind turbines, wherein the wind turbines are positioned at two or more different edges of the roof, wherein the edges are oriented in different directions. 12. A method comprising: providing a wind turbine; mounting the wind turbine on a roof of a building; and positioning the wind turbine at an edge of the roof within wind flow which is passively concentrated by a vertical face of the building and flows up and over the edge of the roof. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein the wind turbine comprises a cylindrical turbine structure having an axis about which a plurality of turbine blades rotate, and wherein positioning the wind turbine comprises orienting the wind turbine with the axis parallel to the edge of the roof. 14. The method of claim 12, further comprising screening at least a portion of the wind turbine from the concentrated wind flow. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein screening at least a portion of the wind turbine from the concentrated wind flow comprises positioning the wind turbine adjacent to a parapet wall, such that the parapet wall screens at least a portion of the wind turbine from the concentrated wind flow. 16. The method of claim 12, further comprising coupling a generator to the wind turbine and operating the wind turbine and generator to generate electricity. 17. The method of claim 12, further comprising positioning a concentrator on a side of the wind turbine closest to the edge of the roof to redirect wind flow over the edge of the roof to a desired portion of the wind turbine. 18. The method of claim 17, further comprising alternately positioning the concentrator in a first position in which the concentrator concentrates wind flow to the wind turbine or a second position in which the concentrator blocks at least a portion of the wind flow to the wind turbine. 19. The method of claim 17, further comprising mounting one or more solar cells on the concentrator and generating electricity from light falling on the solar cells. 20. The method of claim 12, further comprising positioning a deflector on a side of the wind turbine opposite the edge of the roof to redirect wind flow originating opposite the edge of the roof to a desired portion of the wind turbine. 