A skylight/solar fluid (e.g. water) heating apparatus and method involve providing a housing adapted for mounting on a building and a light-transmitting outer cover on the housing so that light can enter the housing. A solar fluid heater is disposed in the housing interiorily of the cover in a manner to absorb solar radiation for heating a working fluid thereof and also to allow some light to pass through the housing into the building.
Claims 1. A skylight/solar fluid heating apparatus, comprising a housing adapted for mounting on a building, a light-transmitting outer cover on the housing so that light can enter the housing, and a solar fluid heater disposed on the housing in a manner to absorb solar radiation for heating a working fluid and to allow some light to pass through the housing into the building. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the solar fluid heater includes a plurality of solar collector members arranged relative to one another or to the housing to define one or more open spaces for transmitting light into the building. 3. The apparatus of claim 2 wherein the solar collector comprises a plurality of solar collector fins extending across a first dimension of the housing and spaced apart from one another along a second dimension of the housing to provide open spaces through which light can pass into the building. 4. The apparatus of claim 3 wherein each of the plurality of solar collector fins includes a section of the fluid conduit. 5. The apparatus of claim 4 wherein each section of the fluid conduit is connected to a U-shaped section of the fluid conduit that is supported on the housing. 6. The apparatus of claim 3 further including thermal insulation on the solar collector fins on a respective surface thereof facing toward the inside of the building. 7. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the solar fluid heater includes a solar collector member connected in heat transfer relation to a fluid conduit that is connected to a water heater. 8. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a light-transmitting glazing sheet disposed in the housing between the outer cover and the solar fluid heater. 9. The apparatus of claim 8 wherein the glazing sheet is tempered glass or polycarbonate. 10. The apparatus of claim 1 further including a movable shade in the housing, said shade being deployed to reduce the amount of light passing into the building. 11. Combination of a fluid heater and a plurality of the skylight/solar fluid heating apparatus of claim 1 disposed on a building in a manner to provide solar heated fluid to the fluid heater. 12. The combination of claim 11 wherein the fluid heater comprises a water heater and the skylight/solar fluid heating apparatus provides solar heated water to the water heater. 13. The combination of claim 11 wherein the skylight/solar fluid heating apparatus are interconnected by connector piping to provide a serial fluid flow through fluid conduit sections thereof. 14. A method of using solar energy, comprising the steps of disposing a solar fluid heater on a housing that is mounted on a building such that light enters the housing, absorbing solar radiation entering the housing using the solar fluid heater for heating a working fluid thereof, and transmitting some light entering the housing into the building through one or more open spaces defined by solar collector members of the solar fluid heater and/or their relation with the housing. 15. The method of claim 14 including providing the solar fluid heater with a plurality of solar collector fins extending across a first dimension of the housing and spaced apart from one another along a second dimension of the housing to provide one or more open spaces through which light can pass into the building. 16. The combination of a plurality of solar fluid heating apparatus, each solar fluid heating apparatus comprising a solar fluid heater disposed to absorb solar radiation for heating a working fluid wherein the solar fluid heater comprises a plurality of solar collectors each having a respective fluid conduit section, wherein the fluid conduit section of the solar collector of the first of the plurality of the apparatus is fluid interconnected to the fluid conduit section of the corresponding solar collector of the next adjacent of the plurality of the apparatus and so on to provide a series fluid flow through the fluid conduit sections of all of the solar collectors. 