A signage system for use on construction sites that includes a pair of stakes, which are inserted into vertical channels into a signboard, and when inserted into the ground support the sign board, which is preprinted with categories of identifying criteria and entry positions for manual entry of information specific to a construction site and with a document storage container for attachment to the signage system. The signboard of the signage system is reusable, erasable and waterproof.
Claims 1. A construction site signage system, comprising: a plastic signboard, comprised of a front face, a rear face, with said faces separated by a plurality of vertical channels; a pair of stakes, each stake comprising a metal rod with a signboard positioning detent, and having a first end and a second end; said front face preprinted with categories of identifying criteria, with entry positions for entry of site specific information for each category; wherein said stakes are configured to have said first end inserted into said vertical channels of said plastic signboard as far as the positioning detent allows, and to have said second end of stakes inserted into soil at a construction site, thus providing a positioning system for said signboard, with said signboard front face available for display of site specific information. 2. The construction site signage system of claim 1 in which said plastic signboard is configured to be erasable and reusable, and is provides an erasable display of information. 3. The construction site signage system of claim 1 in which each stake is approximately as long as said plastic signboard. 4. The construction site signage system of claim 1 in which said plastic signboard faces include a mounting bracket for use in attaching a document storage container to said plastic signboard. 5. The construction site signage system of claim 1 which further includes a document storage container for attachment to said plastic signboard. 6. The construction site signage system of claim 4 in which said mounting bracket comprises one or more holes defined in said signboard. 7. The construction site signage system of claim 6 in which said mounting bracket comprises three holes defined in said front face, for attachment of a document storage container to said signboard. 8. The construction site signage system of claim 6 in which said mounting bracket comprises five holes defined in said signboard, positioned to allow attachment of more than one size of document storage containers. 9. The construction site signage system of claim 1 in which said detent in said stakes is a convolution of a metal rod of said stake. 10. A construction site signage system, comprising: a reusable plastic signboard, comprised of a front face, a rear face, with said faces separated by a plurality of vertical channels; a pair of stakes, each stake comprising a metal rod with a signboard positioning detent formed by a convolution in the stake body, with each stake being approximately as long as said plastic signboard, and having a first end and a second end; said front face preprinted with categories of identifying criteria, with entry positions for entry of site specific information in each category, and said front face configured for erasability and reuse; a document storage container for attachment to said signboard; and a mounting bracket for use in attaching said document storage container to said plastic signboard, in the form of one or more holes defined in said signboard; wherein said stakes are configured to have said first end inserted into said vertical channels of said plastic signboard as far as the positioning detent allows, and to have said second end of stakes inserted into soil at a construction site, thus providing a positioning system for said signboard, with said signboard front face available for erasable of site specific information. 11. The signage system of claim 10 in which said document storage container further comprises a self closing waterproof closure, and a flexible bag attached to the closure. 12. The signage system of claim 11 in which the flexible bag further comprises a bag body made of aluminized material for protection of documents from solar radiation. 