A method for temporarily electrically coupling to each of a plurality of current gathering fingers on a surface of a solar cell, to facilitate testing of the solar cell involves pressing a flexible elongate electrical conductor onto the surface of the solar cell such that an elongate contact surface of the electrical conductor extends across the surface of the solar cell to make electrical contact with substantially all of a surface of a bus connected to the fingers or at least a portion of each of the fingers, or both.
Claims 1. A method for temporarily electrically coupling to each of a plurality of current gathering fingers on a surface of a solar cell, to facilitate testing of the solar cell, the method comprising: pressing a flexible elongate electrical conductor onto the surface of the solar cell such that an elongate contact surface of the electrical conductor extends across the surface of the solar cell to make electrical contact with substantially all of a surface of a bus bar connected to said fingers or at least a portion of each of said fingers, or both. 2. The method of claim 1 further comprising equalizing pressure imposed by said electrical conductor across the surface of the solar cell. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein equalizing pressure comprises resiliently deforming a resilient holder to which said electrical conductor is attached. 4. The method of claim 3 wherein resiliently deforming comprises squeezing said electrical conductor between said resilient holder and said surface until said resilient holder is deformed. 5. The method of claim 4 wherein squeezing comprises squeezing said electrical conductor with sufficient force to cause said electrical conductor to generally conform to a surface contour of said solar cell surface. 6. The method of claim 5 wherein pressing comprises moving toward the solar cell surface a mount to which said resilient holder is attached. 7. The method of claim 1 wherein pressing comprises temporarily pressing said electrical conductor onto the surface of the solar cell. 8. A method of testing a solar cell having a plurality of electrically isolated current gathering fingers, the method comprising the method of claim 1 and further comprising holding the solar cell in a contacting station of a solar cell tester. 9. The method of claim 8 further comprising mounting the electrical conductor to the contacting station. 10. The method of claim 9 wherein mounting the electrical connector to the contacting station comprises mounting to said contacting station a mount holding a resilient holder to which said electrical conductor is attached. 11. The method of claim 10 wherein pressing comprises causing the solar cell tester to permit said mount to move toward the surface of the solar cell such that sufficient force is applied to said mount to cause said electrical conductor to make contact with substantially all of a surface of a bus connected to said fingers or at least a portion of each of said fingers, or both. 12. The method of claim 11 further comprising: exposing the solar cell to light to cause the solar cell to produce and pass electric current to the fingers; and gathering at said electrical conductor said electric current collected by the fingers to facilitate measurement of electric current collected by the fingers by the solar cell tester. 13. An apparatus for testing a solar cell having a plurality of current gathering fingers on a surface thereof, the apparatus comprising: a flexible elongate electrical conductor having an elongate contact surface operable to be pressed onto the surface of the solar cell and to extend across the surface of the solar cell to make electrical contact with substantially all of a surface of a bus bar connected to said fingers or at least a portion of each of said fingers, or both; and wherein said electrical conductor is operable to be electrically connected to a solar cell tester; and a pressure equalizer for equalizing pressure applied by the electrical conductor across the surface of the solar cell. 14. The apparatus of claim 13 wherein said pressure equalizer comprises means for pressing said electrical conductor against said surface such that said electrical conductor extends generally perpendicularly to said fingers, across said surface of the solar cell to gather electric current produced by the solar cell for detection by the solar cell tester. 15. The apparatus of claim 14 further comprising a holder operably configured to hold said means for pressing, said holder comprising a connector operably configured to connect said holder to a solar cell contacting station, such that said contacting station can manipulate said holder to position said apparatus for use in testing the solar cell. 16. The apparatus of claim 15 wherein said holder is electrically conductive and wherein said electrical conductor is electrically connected to said holder such that said holder is operable to electrically connect said electrical conductor to said solar cell tester. 17. The apparatus of claim 13 wherein said electrical conductor is sufficiently flexible to permit said electrical conductor to generally conform to a contour of the surface of the solar cell, when said electrical conductor is pressed against the surface. 18. The apparatus of claim 13 wherein said electrical conductor comprises a flexible woven material. 19. The apparatus of claim 18 wherein said woven material comprises a material formed of woven electrically conductive strands. 20. The apparatus of claim 19 wherein said electrically conductive strands have a diameter in a range of about 20 to about 200 microns. 21. The apparatus of claim 13 wherein said electrical conductor comprises a flexible conductive tape. 22. The apparatus of claim 13 further comprising a resilient support for supporting said electrical conductor. 23. The apparatus of claim 22 wherein said resilient support comprises an elongate resilient member having a generally outwardly facing surface, said electrical conductor being on said generally outwardly facing surface. 24. The apparatus of claim 23 wherein said elongate resilient member comprises a tube formed of resilient material, said tube having a generally cylindrical outer surface, said electrical conductor having a contacting portion on said generally cylindrical outer surface. 25. The apparatus of claim 24 wherein said electrical conductor comprises first and second opposite side portions, on opposite sides of said contacting portion and arranged to extend generally parallel to each other, generally radially away from said cylindrical outer surface. 26. The apparatus of claim 25 further comprising a holder operably configured to hold said first and second opposite side portions to secure said electrical conductor and said resilient support to said holder. 27. The apparatus of claim 26 wherein said holder is operable to be connected to the solar cell tester, such that a contacting station of the solar cell tester can manipulate said holder to position said apparatus relative to the solar cell for use in testing the solar cell. 28. The apparatus of claim 27 wherein said holder is electrically conductive and wherein said first and second opposite side portions of said electrical conductor are electrically connected to said holder such that said holder is operable to electrically connect said electrical conductor to the solar cell tester. 29. The apparatus of claim 23 wherein said elongate resilient member comprises silicone rubber having a generally rectangular cross section. 30. The apparatus of claim 23 wherein said elongate resilient member comprises silicone rubber having a generally circular cross section. 31. The apparatus of claim 23 wherein said elongate resilient member comprises silicone rubber having a generally annular cross section. 32. The apparatus of claim 22 further comprising a holder operably configured to hold said resilient support to secure said electrical conductor and said resilient support to said holder. 33. The apparatus of claim 32 wherein said holder is operable to be connected to the solar cell tester, such that a contacting station of the solar cell tester can manipulate said holder to position said apparatus relative to the solar cell for use in testing the solar cell. 34. The apparatus of claim 33 wherein said holder is electrically conductive and wherein said electrical conductor is electrically connected to said holder such that said holder is operable to electrically connect said electrical conductor to said solar cell tester. 35. The apparatus of claim 34 further comprising a plurality of spaced apart springs extending between said holder and said resilient support. 36. A method for temporarily electrically coupling to each of a plurality of isolated current gathering fingers on a surface of a solar cell, to facilitate testing of the solar cell, the method comprising: pressing a flexible elongate electrical conductor onto the surface of the solar cell such that an elongate contact surface of the electrical conductor extends across the surface of the solar cell and contacts at least a portion of all of said fingers. 37. A method for temporarily electrically coupling to a bus on a surface of a solar cell, where the bus is connected to each of a plurality of current gathering fingers on the surface of the solar cell, to facilitate testing of the solar cell, the method comprising: pressing a flexible elongate electrical conductor onto the surface of the solar cell such that an elongate contact surface of the electrical conductor extends across the surface of the solar cell and contacts substantially all of a surface of the bus. 