A process and system are disclosed for supplying electrical energy to a device located in a room housing an imaging system (such as an MRI system, for example), wherein the room is shielded from external electromagnetic fields. Certain embodiments of the present invention provide systems and processes for emitting electromagnetic radiation in the wavelength range of the light spectrum from at least one light emission device. Embodiments of the present invention further provide a process and system for transforming the electromagnetic radiation into electrical energy using at least one transducer device located in the room, and supplying the electrical energy to the device so as to minimize interfering electromagnetic fields within the room.
Claims 1. A process for providing electrical energy to a device used in connection with an imaging room, the room having shielding against electromagnetic fields, the process comprising: emitting electromagnetic radiation from at least one light emitting device; transforming the electromagnetic radiation into electrical energy using at least one transducer device located in the room; and directing the electrical energy to the device so as to minimize interfering magnetic fields in the room. 2. A process in accordance with claim 1, wherein the emitting step comprises emitting electromagnetic radiation from outside the shielding of the room and wherein the transforming step is performed inside the room. 3. A process in accordance with claim 2, wherein the emitting step further comprises emitting the electromagnetic radiation into the room through a viewing port defined in the shielding. 4. A process in accordance with claim 1, wherein the emitting step comprises emitting the electromagnetic radiation into the room via a transmitter fiber-optic cable. 5. A process in accordance with claim 1, further comprising transmitting a control signal from the transducer device to the light emitting device via a responder fiber-optic cable such that the emitting step is at least partially controlled from inside the room. 6. A process in accordance with claim 5, wherein the transmitting step comprises relaying to the light emitting device information corresponding to a light transmitting capability of the transmitter fiber-optic cable. 7. A process in accordance with claim 6, wherein the control signal transmitted from the transducer device to the light emitting device comprises an instruction to reduce an intensity of the emitted electromagnetic radiation when the relayed information corresponding to the light transmitting capability of the transmitter fiber-optic cable indicates that the light transmitting capability of the transmitter fiber-optic cable is compromised. 8. A process in accordance with claim 1, wherein the emitting step further comprises emitting electromagnetic radiation substantially within the visible light spectrum. 9. A process in accordance with claim 1, wherein the emitting step further comprises emitting electromagnetic radiation substantially within the near infrared light spectrum. 10. A process in accordance with claim 1, wherein the emitting step further comprises emitting electromagnetic radiation substantially within the far infrared light spectrum. 11. A process in accordance with claim 1, wherein the emitting step further comprises emitting electromagnetic radiation substantially within the ultraviolet light spectrum. 12. A process in accordance with claim 1, wherein the imaging room comprises a magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) suite. 13. A system for providing electrical energy to a device used in connection with an imaging room, the room having shielding against electromagnetic fields, the system comprising: a light emitting device for emitting electromagnetic radiation; and a transducer device located in the room for transforming the electromagnetic radiation into electrical energy and directing the electrical energy to the device so as to minimize interfering magnetic fields in the room. 14. A system in accordance with claim 13, wherein the light emitting device comprises a laser diode. 15. A system in accordance with claim 13, wherein the light emitting device is configured to be capable of emitting electromagnetic radiation having a wave length substantially between about 400 nanometers and about 700 nanometers. 16. A system in accordance with claim 13, wherein the light emitting device is configured to be capable of emitting electromagnetic radiation having a wave length substantially within the near infrared light spectrum. 17. A system in accordance with claim 13, wherein the light emitting device is configured to be capable of emitting electromagnetic radiation having a wave length substantially within the far infrared light spectrum. 18. A system in accordance with claim 13, wherein the light emitting device is configured to be capable of emitting electromagnetic radiation having a wave length substantially within the ultraviolet light spectrum. 19. A system in accordance with claim 13, wherein the imaging room comprises a magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) suite. 20. A system in accordance with claim 13, further comprising a transmitter fiber optic cable including a first end operably engaged with an outlet of the light emitting device and a second end operably engaged with the transducer device for transmitting the electromagnetic radiation to the transducer device. 21. A system in accordance with claim 20, wherein the second end of the transmitter fiber-optic cable is operably engaged with the transducer device via an optical connecting element. 22. A system in accordance with claim 20, wherein the transmitter fiber optic capable is configured to be capable of transmitting a data stream. 23. A system in accordance with claim 13 wherein the transducer device comprises a photovoltaic element for transforming the electromagnetic radiation into electrical energy. 24. A system in accordance with claim 23, wherein the photovoltaic element is selected from the group consisting of: an array of doped silicon crystals; at least one solar cell; and combinations thereof. 25. A system in accordance with claim 23, wherein the transducer device further comprises a photodiode operably engaged with the photovoltaic element for monitoring a characteristic of the electromagnetic radiation. 26. A system in accordance with claim 23, wherein the photovoltaic element is operably engaged with a planar metallic element via a heat conducting element, the planar metallic element extending beyond a planar area of the photovoltaic element so as to dissipate heat generated by the photovoltaic element when transforming the electromagnetic energy into electrical energy. 27. A system in accordance with claim 26, wherein the planar metallic element comprises a copper foil. 28. A system in accordance with claim 26, wherein the planar metallic element comprises a silver foil. 29. A system in accordance with claim 26, wherein the planar metallic element comprises a gold foil. 30. A system in accordance with claim 13 further comprising a controller fiber-optic cable operably engaged between the transducer device and the light emitting device for transmitting a first control signal from the transducer device to the light emitting device such that the light emitting device is at least partially controllable from inside the room. 31. A system in accordance with claim 25, further comprising a responder fiber-optic cable operably engaged between the photodiode and the light emitting device for transmitting a second control signal from the transducer device to the light emitting device, the control signal comprising transmission information corresponding to the characteristic of the electromagnetic radiation. 32. A system in accordance with claim 31, wherein the second control signal transmitted from the transducer to the light emitting device comprises an instruction to reduce an intensity of the emitted electromagnetic radiation when the transmission information indicates that the transmitter fiber-optic cable is compromised. 