An optically powered and optically data-transmitting wireless intraocular pressure sensor device for detecting excessive intraocular pressure above a predetermined threshold pressure, comprising a pressure switch that is sized and configured to be placed in an eye, wherein said pressure switch is activated when the intraocular pressure is higher than the predetermined threshold pressure. In one embodiment, the pressure sensor device is a micro electromechanical system.
Claims 1-36. (canceled) 37. A wireless intraocular device for detecting intraocular pressure, comprising: a pressure sensor that is sized and configured to be placed in an eye for measuring intraocular pressure; and an optical output configured to be placed in the eye and electrically connected to the pressure sensor, wherein the state of the optical output indicates the intraocular pressure sensed by the pressure sensor. 38. The device of claim 37, wherein the pressure sensor is configured to detect intraocular pressure exceeding a predetermined threshold. 39. The device of claim 37, wherein the pressure sensor is a micro electromechanical system. 40. The device of claim 37, wherein the pressure sensor is placed on the iris of an eye. 41. The device of claim 37, wherein the pressure sensor is placed on an intraocular lens. 42. The device of claim 37, wherein the pressure sensor is placed on a glaucoma tube. 43. The device of claim 37, wherein the pressure sensor is powered by a solar cell system. 44. The device of claim 37, wherein the pressure sensor is powered by a battery. 45. The device of claim 37, comprising a second pressure sensor sized and configured to be placed in the eye and in communication with one of the optical output and a second optical output. 46. The device of claim 37, comprising a timer to record at least one of a time, date, and duration when the pressure was sensed. 47. The device of claim 46, further comprising an optical readout from the timer. 48. The device of claim 37, comprising a pressure switch. 49. The device of claim 37, comprising an external instrument for optically activating the optical output. 50. The device of claim 49, wherein the external instrument comprises a sensor for receiving light from the optical output. 51. The device of claim 50, wherein the external instrument comprises means for monitoring ambient atmospheric pressure. 52. The device of claim 37, wherein the device is optically powered by an external instrument. 53. The device of claim 52, wherein the external instrument allows at least one of the intraocular pressure data, time data, date data, and duration data to be at least one of downloaded to a computer, downloaded to a PDA, and to be transmitted over the Internet to a central location such as a physician's office. 54. A method of monitoring intraocular pressure of a patient comprising: implanting an optically data-transmitting wireless intraocular pressure sensor device into an eye of a patient; checking the pressure sensor device with an external instrument comprising an optical sensor for wirelessly receiving an optical signal from an optical output implanted in the eye, wherein the optical output is electrically connected to the pressure sensor device and outputs intraocular pressure. 55. The method of claim 54, wherein said pressure sensor device comprises a pressure switch that is sized and configured to be placed in the eye of the patient, wherein said pressure switch is activated when the intraocular pressure is higher than a predetermined threshold pressure. 56. The method of claim 54, wherein implanting comprises placing the pressure sensor device on one of an intraocular lens, a glaucoma tube, and an iris. 