The present invention relates to a method for establishing a sensor network having multiple sensor nodes, sensor nodes being able to connect to one another to transmit sensor data to a central receiving node, and information, in particular time information, being in stored in every sensor node from other neighboring sensor nodes lying in the reception area of a sensor node, on the basis of which a sensor node determines when to connect to another sensor node, initial information in the sensor node (S2) being formed by information from a mobile installation device (MGW), which is transmitted into a new sensor node (S2) during the installation thereof, the information particularly being provided in the form of a table.
Claims 1. A holding element for photovoltaic modules comprising: at least one receiving area disposed to engage an edge of at least one photovoltaic module, the photovoltaic module having a first connecting element; and a second connecting element disposed in or adjacent to the receiving area wherein the insertion of the edge of the photovoltaic module into the holding element creates an electrical connection between the first connecting element and the second connecting element. 2. The holding element according to claim 1, wherein the holding element comprises a plurality of second connecting elements such that each second connecting element can connect to at least one first connecting element. 3. The holding element according to claim 2, wherein the plurality of second connecting elements are spaced at a distance from one another corresponding to the length of at least one edge of the photovoltaic module. 4. The holding element according to claim 1 wherein the holding element can be connected to other holding elements by plugging in the second connecting elements of the holding elements causing the holding elements to be electrically connected to one another. 5. The holding element according to claim 4 wherein the holding element can be connected to other holding elements in a series or parallel electrical connection. 6. The holding element according to claim 1 wherein the holding element further comprises a circuit to determine whether photovoltaic modules are connected electrically in series or in parallel. 7. The holding element according to claim 1 comprising: a fastening device to mechanically and/or electrically connect the holding element at least one other holding element. 8. The holding element according to claim 1, wherein it is disposed in such a manner that it can be displaced relative to a holding part such as another holding element. 9. The holding element according to claim 8, further comprising a fastening device at a distance from the holding part where at least the holding element or at least the holding part is formed in such a manner that it can be displaced, so that the distance between them can be changed. 10. The holding element according to claim 1 wherein the receiving area is formed as a slot having a slot base and a cable duct is disposed parallel to the slot and is connected to the interior of the slot via at least one recess in the slot base. 11. The holding element according to claim 10, wherein the cable duct is formed by an open slot which can be closed by a cover element. 12. The holding element according to claim 10, wherein at least one second connecting element can be lockingly inserted into the recess. 13. The holding element according to claim 10, wherein the recess is formed as a port over the entire length of the slot and/or of the cable duct. 14. The holding element according to claim 10, wherein a contact element is mounted elastically in the second connecting element. 15. The holding element according to claim 1 further comprising: two slots running in parallel which are open on opposite sides such that between the slots a cable duct is disposed which is connected to the interior of at least one of the slots via at least one recess in a slot base. 16. A Photovoltaic module comprising: at least one electrical connecting element, the electrical connecting element disposed so that upon insertion of the photovoltaic module into a receiving area of a holding element the photovoltaic module is electrically connected to at least one complementary connecting element disposed in or neighboring the receiving area. 17. The photovoltaic module according to claim 16, wherein electrical connecting element is disposed on an edge of the photovoltaic module. 18. A system comprising: at least one holding element comprising least one receiving area and a connecting element disposed in or adjacent to the receiving area; and at least one photovoltaic module having a complementary connecting element; wherein the receiving area is disposed to receive and hold an edge of the photovoltaic module and thereby create an electrical connection between the connecting element and the complementary connecting element. 19. A method for mounting a photovoltaic module within a holding element comprising: inserting an edge of the photovoltaic module into a receiving area of the holding element thereby automatically creating an electrical connection between a connecting element of the photovoltaic module and complementary connecting element of the holding element, and thereby also making a mechanical connection between the photovoltaic module and the holding element. 20. The method of claim 19, further comprising inserting the edges of several photovoltaic modules into at least one holding element such that an electrical connection between at least part of the several photovoltaic modules is produced. 