An integrated solar roofing system for installation on a roof surface and for converting solar energy into electrical energy. The system comprises a first row of photovoltaic (PV) roofing tiles having a plurality of electrically interconnected PV cells. The roofing tiles comprise a first tab that extends from the tile base and has at least one mounting hole. The first tab exposes a first electrically conductive material on the first side of the first tab. The roofing tiles further comprise a second tab located on the second side of the tile base and having at least one mounting hole extending through the second tab and tile base. The second tab exposes a second electrically conductive material on the second side of the tile base. The first tab of each roofing tile in the first row is at least partially superposed over the second tab of an adjacent roofing tile aligning the mounting holes so that the roofing tiles are in electrical series communication along the first row. The system further comprises a second row of PV roofing tiles partially overlapping the first row such that the first and second tabs of the first row are concealed.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic roofing tile comprising: a tile base having a first side for facing a roof surface and a second side for facing away from the roof surface; a plurality of electrically interconnected photovoltaic cells capable of receiving solar energy and arranged on the second side of the tile base in the form of a photovoltaic circuit having first and second terminal ends; a first tab having a first side for facing a roof surface and a second side for facing away from the roof surface, the first tab extending from the tile base and having at least one mounting hole extending through the first tab, the first tab exposing a first electrically conductive material on the first side of the first tab the first electrically conductive material in the first tab being in electrical communication with the first terminal end of the photovoltaic circuit; and a second tab located on the second side of the tile base and having at least one mounting hole extending through said second tab and tile base, the second tab exposing a second electrically conductive material on the second side of the tile base, the second electrically conductive material being in electrical communication with the second terminal end of the photovoltaic circuit. 2. The roofing tile of claim 1, further including a photovoltaic laminate covering the photovoltaic cells. 3. The roofing tile of claim 2, wherein the laminate encapsulates the photovoltaic cells. 4. The roofing tile of claim 2, wherein the photovoltaic laminate includes a textured transparent layer. 5. The roofing tile of claim 1, further including a bypass diode electrically connected between the first and second electrically conductive material of the first and second tabs in parallel with the photovoltaic circuit. 6. The roofing tile of claim 1, wherein the base tile includes a fastener hole for securing the roofing tile to the roof. 7. The roofing tile of claim 1, wherein the base tile includes textured and tapered edges, the photovoltaic cells being recessed in the base tile such that the tapered edges are generally flush with the photovoltaic cells on the second side of the roofing tile. 8. A connector for maintaining electrical contact between partially superposed photovoltaic roofing tiles in an integrated solar roofing system, the connector comprising: a center disk having a central bore for receiving a fastener; and a plurality of spokes extending outwardly and axially from the center disk such that the spokes have an apex spaced axially from the center disk and partially forming a body to fit within a mounting hole of a roofing tile, the spokes having a degree of flexure such that a distal end of each spoke is capable of flexing axially towards the spoke apex. 9. The connector of claim 8, wherein at least one connector tab extends from the distal end of the spokes, the connector tabs being positioned generally in the same plane and axially spaced from and generally parallel to the center disk. 10. The connector of claim 8, wherein the spokes are generally L-shaped. 11. The connector of claim 8, wherein the partially formed body is generally cylindrical. 12. The connector of claim 8, wherein the connector arms are equally spaced around the center disk. 13. A bus bar for connecting several series of photovoltaic roofing tiles, the bus bar comprising: a connect cable; a plurality of flexible bus bar arms extending from and being in electrical communication with the connect cable, the bus bar arms being foldable back over the connect cable; and a contact tab extending from a distal end of each bus bar arm, the contact tabs including an exposed electrical portion and at least one mounting hole, the exposed electrical portions being in electrical communication with the connect cable through the bus bar arms. 14. The bus bar of claim 13, the bus bar further comprising a plurality of tabs extending laterally along the length of the bus bar. 15. The bus bar of claim 14, wherein the tabs include a plurality of fastener holes. 16. The bus bar of claim 13, wherein the bus bar arms include a bypass diode between the connect cable and the contact tabs. 17. The bus bar of claim 13, wherein the exposed electrical connection is on a roof facing side of the contact tabs prior to folding the bus bar arms. 18. The bus bar of claim 13, wherein the exposed electrical connection is on a skyward facing side of the contact tabs prior to folding the bus bar arms. 19. An integrated solar roofing system for installation on a roof surface and for converting solar energy into electrical energy, the system comprising: a first row of photovoltaic roofing tiles each having a tile base having a first side for facing the roof surface and a second side for facing away from the roof surface, the roofing tiles comprising: a plurality of electrically interconnected photovoltaic cells capable of receiving solar energy and in the form of a photovoltaic circuit having first and second terminal ends; a first tab having a first side for facing a roof surface and a second side for facing away from the roof surface, the first tab extending from the tile base and having at least one mounting hole extending through the first tab, the first tab exposing a first electrically conductive material on the first side of the first tab, the first electrically conductive material in the first tab being in electrical communication with the first terminal end of the photovoltaic circuit; a second tab located on the second side of the tile base and having at least one mounting hole extending through the second tab and tile base, the second tab exposing a second electrically conductive material on the second side of the tile base, the second electrically conductive material being in electrical communication with the second terminal end of the photovoltaic circuit; wherein the first tab of each roofing tile in the first row is at least partially superpose over the second tab of an adjacent roofing tile aligning the mounting holes so that the roofing tiles are in electrical series communication along the first row; and a second row of photovoltaic roofing tiles partially overlapping the first row such that the first and second tabs of the first row are concealed. 20. The integrated solar roofing system of claim 19, the system further comprising a connector, the connector comprising: a center disk having a central bore for receiving a fastener; and a plurality of spokes extending outwardly and axially from the center disk such that the spokes have an apex spaced axially from the center disk and partially forming a body to fit within a mounting hole of a roofing tile, the spokes having a degree of flexure such that a distal end of each spoke is capable of flexing axially towards the spoke apex; wherein a fastener is driven into the central bore of the connecter and into the roof deck such that the partially formed body of the connector fits within the mounting holes of the adjacent roofing tiles of the first row and the spokes apply pressure to the second side of the first tab toward the roof deck to keep the first and second electrically exposed portions of the first and second tabs of adjacent roofing tiles of the first row in electrical communication. 21. The integrated solar roofing system of claim 19, the system further inculding a third row of roofing tiles, the third row of tiles including electrically inactive tiles. 22. The integrated solar roofing system of claim 21, wherein the inactive tiles have an external appearance which is generally visually consistent with an external appearance of the photovoltaic roofing tiles. 23. The integrated solar roofing system of claim 19, wherein the first and second rows are connected in parallel at the end of each row by bus bars. 24. The integrated solar roofing system of claim 23, wherein the bus bars include a plurality of flexible bus bar arms extending from and being in electrical communication with the connect cable, the bus bar arms being foldable back over the connect cable and a contact tab extending from a distal end of each bus bar arm, the contact tabs including an exposed electrical portion and at least one mounting hole, the exposed electrical portions being in electrical communication with the connect cable through the bus bar arms. 25. The integrated solar roofing system of claim 23, wherein the bus bars further comprise a plurality of tabs extending laterally along the length of the bus bar. 26. The bus bar of claim 25, wherein the tabs include a plurality of fastener holes. 27. The bus bar of claim 23, wherein the bus bar arms include a bypass diode between the connect cable and the contact tabs. 28. The bus bar of claim 23, wherein the exposed electrical connection of one of the bus bars is on a roof facing side of the contact tabs prior to folding the bus bar arms. 29. The bus bar of claim 23, wherein the exposed electrical connection of one of the bus bars is on a skyward facing side of the contact tabs prior to folding the bus bar arms. 