A photovoltaic cell module for a receiver of solar radiation-based electrical power generating system is disclosed. The module includes an assembly for extracting heat from the photovoltaic cells. The assembly includes a coolant chamber positioned behind and in thermal contact with the exposed surface of the photovoltaic cells. The coolant chamber includes an inlet for a coolant and an outlet for heated coolant. The assembly also includes a plurality of beads, rods, bars or balls of high thermal conductivity material in the coolant chamber that are in thermal contact with the photovoltaic cells and each other and together have a large surface area for heat transfer and define a three dimensional labyrinth that can conduct heat therethrough away from the photovoltaic cell or cells.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic cell module for a receiver of a solar radiation-based electrical power generating system, the module comprising: (a) at least one photovoltaic cell having an exposed surface for solar radiation; (b) an electrical connection for transferring the electrical energy output of the photovoltaic cell to an output circuit, and (c) an assembly for extracting heat from the, photovoltaic cell, the assembly including (i) a housing positioned behind and in thermal contact with the exposed surface of the photovoltaic cell, the housing including a base and side walls extending from the base, the base, the side walls and the photovoltaic cell defining a coolant chamber, the housing including an inlet for supplying a coolant into the chamber and an outlet for discharging the coolant from the chamber, and (ii) a coolant member located in the coolant chamber in heat transfer relationship with the photovoltaic cell, the coolant member including a plurality of elements of high thermal conductivity material in thermal contact and providing a large surface area for heat transfer and defining a three dimensional labyrinth for conduction of heat therethrough away from the photovoltaic cell via a substantial number of heat transfer pathways formed by the thermally connected elements and a substantial number of coolant flow passages for a coolant that, in use of the module, is supplied to the coolant chamber via the inlet and flows through the coolant member and is discharged from the coolant chamber via the outlet. 2. The cell module defined in claim 1 wherein the heat extraction assembly is located wholly behind and does not extend laterally beyond the exposed surface area of the photovoltaic cell. 3. The cell module defined in claim 1 wherein the elements are selected from the group comprising beads, rods, bars and balls of high thermal conductivity material and the surface area for heat transfer provided by the beads, rods, bars and balls of high thermal conductivity material is at least 5 times the surface area of the front surface of the mass of beads, rods, bars and balls of high thermal conductivity material that are in direct contact with the substrate. 4. The cell module defined in claim 1 wherein the coolant member at least substantially occupies the volume of the coolant chamber. 5. The cell module defined in claim 1 wherein the coolant inlet is located in either one side wall of the housing or in the base of the housing in the region of that side wall and the coolant outlet is located in an opposed side wall or in the base in the region of that side wall. 6. The cell module defined in claim 5 wherein the coolant member is shaped so that the coolant chamber includes a manifold in fluid communication with the coolant inlet extending along the inlet side wall and a manifold in fluid communication with the coolant outlet extending along the outlet side wall. 7. The cell module defined in claim 5 wherein the housing includes a weir extending upwardly from the base inwardly of the inlet side wall and defining a barrier to coolant flow across the coolant chamber from the coolant inlet. 8. The cell module defined in wherein the housing includes a weir extending upwardly from the base inwardly of the outlet side wall and defining a barrier to coolant flow from the coolant chamber to the coolant outlet. 9. The cell module defined in claim 1 wherein the elements are selected from the group comprising of beads, rods, bars and balls of high thermal conductivity material and the elements have a major dimension of 0.8-2.0 mm. 10. The cell module defined in claim 1 wherein the elements are selected from the group comprising of beads, rods, bars and balls of high thermal conductivity material and the elements have a major dimension of 0.8-1.4 mm. 11. The cell module defined in claim 1 wherein the elements are selected from the group comprising of the beads, rods, bars and balls of high thermal conductivity material and the elements have a packing density that decreases with distance away from the substrate. 12. The cell module defined in claim 1 wherein the coolant flow passages occupy between 20 and 30% of the volume of the coolant member. 13. The cell module defined in claim 1 includes a substrate on which the photovoltaic cell is mounted and to which the housing is mounted. 14. The cell module defined in claim 13 wherein the substrate is comprises at least one layer of a material that is an electrical insulator. 15. The cell module defined in claim 13 wherein the substrate comprises a material that has a high thermal conductivity. 16. The cell module defined in claim 14 including a plurality of photovoltaic cells and wherein the substrate includes a metallised layer interposed between each photovoltaic cell and each electrical insulator layer. 17. The cell module defined in claim 14 wherein the substrate includes a metallised layer interposed between the electrical insulator layer and the coolant member. 18. A method of manufacturing a photovoltaic cell module for a receiver of a solar-radiation based electrical power generating system comprising: (a) at least one photovoltaic cell having an exposed surface for solar radiation; (b) an electrical connection for transferring the electrical energy output of the photovoltaic cell to an output circuit, and (c) an assembly for extracting heat from the photovoltaic cell, the assembly including (i) a housing positioned behind and in thermal contact with the exposed surface of the photovoltaic cell, the housing including a base and side walls extending from the base, with the base, the side walls and the photovoltaic cell defining a coolant chamber, the housing including an inlet for supplying a coolant into the chamber and an outlet for discharging the coolant from the chamber, and (ii) a coolant member located in the coolant chamber in heat transfer relationship with the photovoltaic cell, the coolant member including a plurality of elements of high thermal conductivity material in thermal contact and providing a large surface area for heat transfer and defining a three dimensional labyrinth for conduction of heat therethrough away from the photovoltaic cells via a substantial number of heat transfer pathways formed by the thermally connected elements and a substantial number of coolant flow passages for a coolant that, in use of the module, is supplied to the coolant chamber via the inlet and flows through the coolant member and is discharged from the coolant chamber via the outlet; the method comprising: (d) forming the coolant member by supplying a predetermined mass of the elements of high thermal conductivity material into a mould of a predetermined shape and thereafter heating the elements of high thermal conductivity material and sintering the elements together to form the coolant member; (e) locating the coolant member in the housing; and (f) mounting the photovoltaic cell to the housing. 19. A method of manufacturing a photovoltaic cell module as set forth in claim 18 further comprising: (a) mounting the photovotaic cell to the housing, by soldering or sintering the substrate to the housing. 20. The method defined in claim 18 comprising forming the coolant member from a plurality of elements selected from the group comprising beads, rods, bars and balls of high thermal conductivity material and wherein the coolant member has a surface that forms a contact surface with the substrate and further including grinding the surface of the coolant member that forms a contact surface with the substrate to increase the surface area of contact between the beads, rods, bars and balls of high thermal conductivity material and the substrate. 21. A method of manufacturing a photovoltaic cell module as set forth in claim 18 wherein the elements are selected from the group comprising beads, rods, bars and balls of high thermal conductivity and further including locating a substrate on the housing and thereafter heating the beads, rods, bars or balls of high thermal conductivity material and sintering the beads, rods, bars or balls together to form the coolant member within the housing and bonding the coolant member to the housing and the substrate. 22. A system for generating electrical power from solar radiation comprising: (a) a receiver having a plurality of photovoltaic cell modules for converting solar energy into electrical energy and an electrical circuit for transferring the electrical energy output of the photovoltaic modules; and (b) a means for concentrating solar radiation onto the receiver; and the system being characterised in that each said module comprises: (c) at least one photovoltaic cell having an exposed surface for solar radiation, (d) an electrical connection for transferring the electrical energy output of the photovoltaic cell to an output circuit, and (e) an assembly for extracting heat from the photovoltaic cells, the assembly including (i) a housing positioned behind and in thermal contact with the exposed surface of the photovoltaic cell, the housing including a base, and side walls extending from the base, with the base, the side walls and the photovoltaic cell defining a coolant chamber, and the housing including an inlet for supplying a coolant into the chamber and an outlet for discharging the coolant from the chamber, and (ii) a coolant member located in the coolant chamber in heat transfer relationship with the photovoltaic cell, the coolant member including a plurality of elements of high thermal conductivity material in thermal contact and providing a large surface area for heat transfer and defining a three dimensional labyrinth for conduction of heat therethrough away from the photovoltaic cell via a substantial number of heat transfer pathways formed by the thermally connected elements and a substantial number of coolant flow passages for a coolant that, in use of the module, is supplied to the coolant chamber via the inlet and flows through the coolant member and is discharged from the coolant chamber via the outlet and an electrical circuit that includes the photovoltaic cell of each module, and a coolant circuit that includes the heat extraction assembly of each module. 23. A system for generating electrical power from solar radiation as set forth in claim 22 wherein the elements are selected from the group comprising beads, rods, bars and balls of high thermal conductivity. 