A two-axis solar tracker is capable of withstanding extreme weather conditions. The solar tracker includes a solar array, a frame, a base, a pivot frame, and a first and second actuator. The solar array is mounted to the frame and captures sunlight. The base is pivotally connected to the frame and defines a pivot axis for elevational movement of the solar array. The pivot frame is also pivotally connected to the frame and defines a pivot axis for azimuthal movement of the solar array. The first actuator controls elevational movement of the solar array and the second actuator controls azimuthal movement of the solar array. The solar tracker is pivotable between a raised position and a stowed position.
Claims 1. A two-axis solar tracker capable of withstanding extreme weather conditions, the solar tracker comprising: a solar array for capturing sunlight; a frame connected to the solar array; a base pivotally connected to the frame, wherein the base defines a pivot axis for elevational movement of the solar array; a pivot frame pivotally connected to the frame, wherein the pivot frame defines a pivot axis for azimuthal movement of the solar array; a first actuator for controlling elevational movement of the solar array; and a second actuator for controlling azimuthal movement of the solar array; wherein the solar tracker is pivotable between a raised position and a stowed position. 2. The solar tracker of claim 1, wherein the pivot frame is a truss that provides side load resistance to the solar tracker. 3. The solar tracker of claim 2, wherein the truss is formed of glass reinforced thermoplastic. 4. The solar tracker of claim 2, wherein the truss is formed of extruded metal. 5. The solar tracker of claim 4, wherein the extruded metal is aluminum. 6. The solar tracker of claim 2, wherein the truss has a triangular shape. 7. The solar tracker of claim 2, and further comprising an actuator mount, wherein the solar array is pivotally attached to the base at the actuator mount. 8. The solar tracker of claim 1, wherein the base comprises a first linkage arm and a second linkage arm pivotally connected to each other. 9. The solar tracker of claim 8, wherein the at least one of the first and second linkage arms is pivotable about a first joint and a second joint. 10. The solar tracker of claim 1, wherein the first and second actuators are linear actuators. 11. The solar tracker of claim 1, wherein the pivot frame works in combination with at least one of the first and second actuators to pivot the solar tracker between the raised position and the stowed position. 12. The solar tracker of claim 1, and further comprising a plurality of leg mounts for mounting the solar tracker to a surface. 13. A two-axis solar tracker capable of withstanding extreme weather and being pivotable between a raised position and a stowed position, the solar tracker comprising: a solar array for capturing sunlight; a frame connected to the solar array; a base pivotally connected to the frame for stabilizing the solar tracker from side load resistance, wherein the base defines a pivot axis for movement of the solar array in a first direction; a pivot frame connected to the frame, wherein the pivot frame defines a pivot axis for movement of the solar array in a second direction; first means for aligning the solar array in the first direction; second means for aligning the solar array in the second direction; and a leg mount for mounting the solar tracker to a surface. 14. The solar tracker of claim 13, wherein the first and second means for aligning the solar array comprise linear actuators. 15. The solar tracker of claim 14 wherein the pivot frame works in combination with at least one of the first and linear actuators to pivot the solar tracker between the raised position and the stowed position. 16. The solar tracker of claim 13, wherein the pivot frame is a truss that supports the solar array. 17. The solar tracker of claim 16, wherein the truss is formed from a plurality of truss sections connected to one another to form an elongated triangular shape. 18. The solar tracker of claim 16, wherein the truss is formed of extruded metal or glass reinforced thermoplastic. 19. The solar tracker of claim 13, wherein the base comprises a first linkage arm and a second linkage arm pivotally connected to each other. 20. The solar tracker of claim 19, wherein each of the first and second linkage arms includes a first leg and a second leg. 