A system and method for remotely monitoring the operation of a turbine includes a remote device having a power module connected to a sensor and a transmitter. The remote device is powered by the power module and connected to a system such that the remote device is self-powered. The remote device wirelessly transmits information acquired by the sensor out of the turbine.
Claims 1. A sensor system comprising: a power module configured to generate an electrical signal from a non-operational energy generated by operation of a turbine; a sensor connected to the power module and configured to monitor a condition of the turbine; and a transmitter attached to the sensor and powered by the electrical signal generated by the power module, the transmitter configured to wirelessly transmit data acquired by the sensor remote from the turbine. 2. The sensor system of claim 1 wherein the non-operational energy of the turbine is further defined as at least one of a thermal energy, a kinetic energy, a photovoltaic energy, and a thermionic energy. 3. The sensor system of claim 1 wherein the power module, the sensor, and the transmitter are a unitary package and attached to a rotating component of the turbine such that the unitary package rotates with the rotating component during operation of the turbine. 4. The sensor system of claim 1 wherein the power module, the sensor, and the transmitter are remotely located from one another and electrically connected by a wire, each of the power module, the sensor, and the transmitter attached to a common rotating component of the turbine such that the power module, the sensor, and the transmitter rotate with the common rotating component during operation of the turbine. 5. The sensor system of claim 1 further comprising a second sensor connected to the power module and attached to the transmitter, the second sensor configured to monitor a second condition of the turbine. 6. The sensor system of claim 1 further comprising a receiver located remotely from the turbine and configured to wirelessly receive data transmitted by the transmitter. 7. The sensor system of claim 1 wherein the sensor is wireless and is configured to monitor a real-time in-use condition of the turbine and is at least one of a temperature sensor, a stress/strain gauge, a pressure gauge, a vibration sensor, a humidity sensor, and a gas sensor. 8. The sensor system of claim 1 wherein the power module is configured to generate a power signal sufficient to power a plurality of sensors and the transmitter. 9. The sensor system of claim 1 further comprising a receiver attached to the transmitter and powered by the power module, the receiver constructed to allow remote control of the sensor system. 10. A turbine comprising: a shroud; a sensor positioned in the shroud and configured to monitor a condition of the turbine; a transmitter connected to the sensor and configured to transmit data acquired by the sensor; and a power source configured to generate sufficient electrical energy to power the sensor and the transmitter from an energy of the turbine. 11. The turbine of claim 10 wherein the transmitter further comprises a receiver constructed to receive information from a location remote the turbine. 12. The turbine of claim 10 further comprising a plurality blades, at least one of the blades having the sensor, the transmitter, and the power source connected thereto. 13. The turbine of claim 12 wherein the plurality of blades is further defined as at least one of a plurality of stator blades and a plurality of rotator blades. 14. The turbine of claim 10 wherein the power source is a thermoelectric device and is in thermal communication with at least two temperatures associated with at least two of a flow of gas through the shroud; a flow of gas through the turbine; a flow of gas through a cooling passage of at least one of a fin, a blade, and a vane; a thermal gradient across the power source by conduction heat transfer in a solid material of the turbine; and a thermal gradient directed to the thermoelectric device by at least one of a heat pipe and a high conductivity heat spreader. 15. The turbine of claim 10 further comprising a heat exchanger attached to at least one of a heat-in side and a heat-out side of the power source. 16. The turbine of claim 10 further comprising a controller having a receiver configured to receive transmitted data and configured to control operation of the turbine based on the received data. 17. The turbine of claim 10 wherein the sensor is a printed circuit board and is one of a pressure sensor, a stress/strain gauge, an accelerometer, a temperature sensor, a humidity sensor, and a gas sensor. 18. The turbine of claim 10 further comprising a second sensor wherein at least one of the sensor and the second sensor are integrally connected to the transmitter and the power source to form a sensor unit, the sensor unit integrally connected to a movable element of the turbine. 19. A method of monitoring operation of a rotating engine component: converting an energy source generated by operation of a rotating engine into an electrical signal; acquiring data from a sensor powered by the electrical signal; and wirelessly transmitting the acquired data beyond the rotating engine. 20. The method of claim 19 further comprising generating the electrical signal from the conversion of at least one of a thermal gradient, a pressure differential, kinetic energy, and photovoltaic energy generated by operation of the engine. 21. The method of claim 19 further comprising controlling operation of the rotating engine based on the acquired data. 22. The method of claim 19 further comprising acquiring data from another sensor powered by the electrical signal. 23. The method of claim 19 wherein the acquired data is one of a combustion gas data, an engine temperature data, an engine fluid flow pressure data, and an engine gas humidity data, an engine component vibration data, and engine component stress data. 