An automated animal feed consumption monitoring system comprises an enclosure having a quantity of feed therein. A sensor detects an animal's entry into a stall adjacent the enclosure and activates the system to record the entry time and entry weight of the feed. An RFID reader, by means of an RFID antenna located along the path of movement of the animal's RFID tag, identifies the specific animal that has entered the stall to feed. When the animal leaves the stall, the exit time and exit weight of the feed are recorded.
Claims 1. A self-contained, transportable system for monitoring the feed consumption of individual animals comprising: an enclosure; means supporting the enclosure for movement over the underlying surface; a container located within the enclosure for receiving a quantity of feed; means for measuring the weight of the feed in the container; a stall adjacent the enclosure for receiving an animal therein; a portal positioned between the enclosure and the stall for receiving the head of an animal located in the stall and thereby permitting the animal to consume feed from the container; means for detecting the presence of an animal within the stall; electronic means for recording and storing data; self-contained means for providing power to the recording and storage means; a radio frequency identification antenna mounted on the portal and integrated with the recording and storage means; and a passive radio frequency identification tag secured to the animal. 2. The system according to claim 1 wherein the enclosure is characterized by a roof, an access door, the portal, and a plurality of walls. 3. The system according to claim 2 wherein the roof, access door, and the walls each comprise a substantially transparent material. 4. The system according to claim 1 wherein the electronic storage and recording means housed within a control panel. 5. The system according to claim 1 wherein self-contained means for providing power the electronic recording and storage means comprises a solar power system. 6. The system according to claim 1 wherein in the weight measuring means is an electronic scale. 7. The system according to claim 1 wherein the recording and storage means is a microcontroller system. 8. The system according to claim 7 wherein the microcontroller system is networked or to microcontroller systems of other feeders via wireless communication means. 9. The system according to claim 7 wherein the microcontroller system is networked or to microcontroller systems of other feeders via wired communication means. 10. The system according to claim 1 wherein the recording and storage means is a USB interface. 11. The system according to claim 1 wherein the sensing means comprises a pressure sensitive mat located within the stall. 12. A method for monitoring the feed consumption of individual animals comprising the steps of: a. providing a transportable structure comprising an enclosure and a stall; b. providing a portal between the enclosure and the stall; c. providing a quantity of feed within the enclosure; d. providing a scale; e. supporting the quantity of feed on the scale; f. securing an identification tag to an animal; g. providing means for detecting an animal's presence within the stall; h. detecting the entry of an animal into the stall; i. recording the time and date of entry; j. simultaneously recording the entry weight of the feed; k. providing an radio frequency identification antenna; l. mounting the antenna on the portal; m. reading a radio frequency identification tag on the animal; n. recording the animal's identification; o. detecting the animal's exit from the stall; p. recording the time of exit and the exit weight of the feed; q. repeating steps a. through p. over a predetermined period of time; r. collecting the recorded data and calculating the amount of feed consumed by the animal; s. providing a self-contained solar powered electrical system for enabling the detecting and recording steps. 13. A method of animal identification comprising the steps of: a. securing a passive identification tag to an animal; b. providing an aperture for receiving at least the head of the animal; c. providing a sensor for reading the passive identification tag on the animal; d. employing the sensor to read the identification tag when the head of the animal is within the aperture; and e. recording the identification of the animal as determined in step d. 