Apparatus and methods for repelling geese include a solar-powered, photocell controlled flasher for disposition on a body of water or on land where geese inhabit. The method includes the steps of intermittently flashing a light into an area where geese sleep, and disturbing the geese from rest.
Claims 1. A method of repelling geese, including the steps of intermittently flashing a light into an area where geese sleep, and disturbing the geese from rest. 2. A method as in claim 1 wherein the disturbing step includes repelling the geese from inhabiting the area. 3. A method as in claim 1 including powering the light with an operationally connected charge storing element charged by a solar panel. 4. A method as in claim 1 further including automatically initiating the flashing upon the arrival of nighttime. 5. A method as in claim 4 including automatically ceasing the flashing upon the arrival of day. 6. A method for repelling geese including the steps of: positioning a visual flasher in an area inhabited at night by geese; receiving light energy on a solar panel during the day and charging a battery from energy received by said solar panel; sensing nightfall and connecting electrical energy from said battery to a light source in said flasher to flash said source intermittently in response to said nightfall sensing; and disturbing said geese by said flashing sufficiently to repel them from said area. 7. A method as in claim 6 including disconnecting said energy from said light source during the day. 8. A method as in claim 6 including the step of positioning a plurality of visual flashers in areas inhabited at night by geese. 9. A method as in claim 6 including floating said flasher on a body of water. 10. A method as in claim 6 including mounting said flasher on land. 11. Apparatus for repelling geese, including a flashing light, a solar panel, a battery for receiving a charge from said solar panel during daylight and a sensor for initiating said flashing light upon nightfall. 12. Apparatus as in claim 11 further including: a float; said light, panel and battery mounted on said float; and an anchor for anchoring said float in a body of water in a position so that said light flashes into an area inhabited at night by geese to be repelled. 13. Apparatus as in claim 11 further including a support for mounting said light above a ground surface. 14. Apparatus as in claim 13 including a vane having tube supporting for said light and operably associated with said tube for rotating said light in response to air pressure on said vane. 15. Apparatus as in claim 12 further including a light housing tube and a ballast tube connected to said light housing tube, said float oriented between portions of said housing tube and portions of said ballast tube. 