A precursor composition for the deposition and formation of an electrical feature such as a conductive feature. The precursor composition advantageously has a low viscosity enabling deposition using direct-write tools. The precursor composition also has a low conversion temperature, enabling the deposition and conversion to an electrical feature on low temperature substrates. A particularly preferred precursor composition includes silver metal for the formation of highly conductive silver features.
Claims 1. A process for forming a solar cell conductive feature, comprising: (a) atomizing a precursor composition to form an aerosol comprising droplets of the precursor composition, the precursor composition comprising at least one of metallic particles comprising a metal or a metal precursor compound to the metal; (b) transporting the droplets to a substrate through a flow channel; and (c) heating the precursor composition to form the solar cell conductive feature on the substrate, wherein the solar cell conductive feature has a feature width of not greater than 200 .mu.m, a thickness of at least 1 .mu.m, and a conductivity that is no less than 10 percent the conductivity of the equivalent pure metal. 2. The process of claim 1, wherein the precursor composition has a viscosity not greater than 20 centipoise. 3. The process of claim 1, wherein the atomizing is achieved by ultrasonic atomization, a two-fluid spray head, or a pressure atomizing nozzle. 4. The process of claim 1, wherein the droplets have an average droplet size that is not greater than about 10 .mu.m 5. The process of claim 1, wherein the droplets have an average droplet size that is not greater than about 5 .mu.m. 6. The process of claim 1, wherein the process further comprises removing large droplets from the aerosol with an impactor. 7. The process of claim 1, wherein the concentration of the aerosol is increased with a virtual impactor. 8. The process of claim 1, wherein the concentration of the aerosol is greater than about 10.sup.6 droplets/cm.sup.3. 9. The process of claim 1, wherein the concentration of the aerosol is greater than about 10.sup.7 droplets/cm.sup.3. 10. The process of claim 1, wherein the process further comprises monitoring the concentration of the aerosol, and maintaining the concentration within 10% of a desired concentration over a period of time. 11. The process of claim 1, wherein the droplets are deposited onto a surface of the substrate by inertial impaction. 12. The process of claim 1, wherein the droplets are deposited onto a surface of the substrate by inertial impaction of larger droplets, electrostatic deposition of charged droplets, diffusional deposition of sub-micron droplets, interception onto non-planar surfaces or settling of droplets. 13. The process of claim 1, wherein the droplets are transported to the substrate in a flow gas through the flow channel. 14. The process of claim 1, wherein the thickness is at least 5 .mu.m. 15. The process of claim 1, wherein the conductive feature has a resistivity that is not greater than 4 times the resistivity of the equivalent pure metal. 16. The process of claim 1, wherein the conductive feature has a resistivity that is not greater than 2 times the resistivity of the equivalent pure metal. 17. The process of claim 1, wherein the heating comprises heating the precursor composition to a temperature not greater than 225.degree. C. to form the solar cell conductive feature on the substrate. 18. The process of claim 1, wherein the heating comprises heating the precursor composition to a temperature not greater than 185.degree. C. to form the solar cell conductive feature on the substrate. 19. The process of claim 1, wherein the substrate has a softening point of not greater than about 225.degree. C. 20. The process of claim 1, wherein the substrate comprises a polymer. 21. The process of claim 1, wherein the substrate comprises a ceramic. 22. The process of claim 1, wherein the precursor composition comprises the metallic particles comprising the metal, and wherein the heating sinters adjacent particles to one another. 23. The process of claim 1, wherein the precursor composition comprises the metal precursor compound. 24. The process of claim 23, wherein the metal is selected from the group consisting of silver, palladium, copper, gold, platinum and nickel. 25. The process of claim 1, wherein the precursor composition comprises the metallic particles. 26. The process of claim 25, wherein the metal is selected from the group consisting of silver, palladium, copper, gold, platinum and nickel. 27. The process of claim 1, wherein the precursor composition further comprises metal oxide particles. 28. The process of claim 1, wherein the precursor composition further comprises glass particles. 29. The process of claim 1, wherein the conductive feature comprises a set of finger lines and collector lines deposited essentially at a right angle to the finger lines. 30. The process of claim 29, wherein either or both the parallel finger lines or the collector lines have width less than 200 .mu.m. 31. The process of claim 29, wherein either or both the parallel finger lines or the collector lines have width less than 100 .mu.m. 32. The process of claim 1, wherein the conductive feature comprises a transparent conductive feature. 33. The process of claim 1, wherein the conductive feature comprises indium-tin oxide or antimony-tin oxide. 34. The process of claim 1, wherein the precursor composition comprises the metallic particles, the metallic particles having a volume median particle size of not greater than 100 nanometers. 35. The process of claim 1, wherein the precursor composition comprises the metallic particles, the metallic particles having a volume median particle size of not greater than 0.3 .mu.m. 36. The process of claim 35, wherein the metallic particles comprise a cap or coating thereon. 37. The process of claim 36, wherein the cap or coating comprises an inorganic cap or coating. 38. The process of claim 36, wherein the cap or coating comprises silica. 39. The process of claim 36, wherein the cap or coating comprises glass. 40. The process of claim 36, wherein the cap or coating comprises an organic cap or coating. 41. The process of claim 36, wherein the cap or coating comprises a polymer. 42. The process of claim 36, wherein the cap or coating comprises an intrinsically conductive polymer, a sulfonated perfluorohydrocarbon polymer, polystyrene, polystyrene/methacrylate, sodium bis(2-ethylhexyl) sulfosuccinate, tetra-n-octyl-ammonium bromide or an alkane thiolate. 43. The process of claim 36, wherein the cap or coating comprises PVP. 44. The process of claim 1, wherein the conductive feature comprises a metal-glass composition. 45. The process of claim 1, wherein the conductive feature is resistant to solder leaching. 46. The process of claim 1, wherein the process further comprises high shear mixing the precursor composition. 47. The process of claim 1, wherein the process further comprises surface modifying the substrate with a laser. 