A streetlight for illuminating a portion of an adjacent roadway. The streetlight includes three vertical support members with a rotatable axle mounted intermediate thereto. Superposed on the vertical support members is a light assembly. A plurality of wind receptacles, having a hub, at least one support arm and at least one cup shaped wind-capturing device are operatively connected to the axle. The wind receptacles act to harness air current and rotate the axle, which is operatively connected to an electrical generator. The electrical current from the generator is stored in a power storage unit. The streetlight further includes photovoltaic cells for supplying power to the light assembly.
Claims 1. An apparatus for illuminating a desired surface area comprising: a plurality of vertical support members; an axle, said axle being intermediate said plurality of vertical support members, said axle being rotatable; an illuminating mechanism, said illuminating mechanism superposed on said vertical support members; a generator being operatively connected to said axle, said generator operable to generate power in response to said axle rotating; and a power storage unit connected to said generator, said power storage unit for receiving power from said generator, said power storage unit for storing the electrical current and for supplying power to said illuminating mechanism. 2. The apparatus as recited in claim 1, and further including at least one wind receptacle, said wind receptacle operatively connected to said axle, said wind receptacle for harnessing air currents for rotating said axle. 3. The apparatus as recited in claim 2, wherein said generator includes an alternator, said alternator being operatively connected to said axle. 4. The apparatus as recited in claim 3, and further including photovoltaic cells, said photovoltaic cells superposed on said illuminating mechanism, said photovoltaic cells operable to supply power to said power storage unit in response to being exposed to light. 5. The apparatus as recited in claim 4, and further including at least one horizontal support member, said horizontal support member interposed said vertical support members, said horizontal support member configured to provide structural support for said apparatus. 6. The apparatus as recited in claim 5, wherein said wind receptacle further includes at least one wind capturing device, said wind capturing device for capturing air currents. 7. An apparatus for illuminating a portion of a roadway comprising: at least three vertical support members, said vertical support members configured in a tripod pattern, said vertical support members having a first end and a second end; an axle, said axle being intermediate said vertical support members, said axle having a first end and a second end, said axle being rotatable; a light assembly, said light assembly for illuminating a portion of said roadway; said light assembly superposed on said second end of said vertical support members; a primary wind receptacle, said primary wind receptacle operatively connected to said second end of said axle, said primary wind receptacle for harnessing air currents, said primary wind receptacle being configured to rotate said axle; a power supply, said power supply operatively connected to said first end of said axle, said power supply being configured to generate electrical current by said axle upon rotation thereof. 8. The apparatus as recited in claim 7, and further including a power storage unit, said power storage unit being configured to receive and store the electrical current generated from said power supply. 9. The apparatus as recited in claim 8, wherein said primary wind receptacle further includes a plurality of wind capturing devices, said wind capturing device being configured to be cup shaped, said wind capturing devices for harnessing air currents. 10. The apparatus as recited in claim 9, wherein said first end of said vertical support members are superposed on mounting bases, said mounting bases for providing a stable horizontal support structure, said mounting bases being concrete. 11. The apparatus as recited in claim 10, and further including a plurality of secondary wind receptacles, said secondary wind receptacles being operatively connected to said axle, said secondary wind receptacles intermediate said light assembly and said mounting bases, said secondary wind receptacles for harnessing air currents. 12. The apparatus as recited in claim 11, and further including three horizontal support members, said horizontal support members intermediate said vertical support members, said horizontal support members configured to provide structural support. 13. The apparatus as recited in claim 12, wherein said power supply is an alternator. 14. The apparatus as recited in claim 13, wherein said secondary wind receptacles further include at least one cup shaped wind capturing device for harnessing air currents. 15. A light fixture for illuminating a portion of an adjacent roadway comprising: at least three vertical support members, said vertical support members configured in a tripod pattern, said vertical support members having a first end and a second end, said first end of said vertical support members superposed on mounting bases, said mounting bases configured to provide horizontal structural support; an axle, said axle being intermediate said vertical support members, said axle having a first end and a second end, said axle being rotatable; a light assembly, said light assembly for illuminating a portion of said roadway, said light assembly superposed on said second end of said vertical support members, said light assembly having two portions, said portions being perpendicular to said vertical support members, said portions oppositely extending outward from said vertical support members; a primary wind receptacle, said primary wind receptacle operatively connected to said second end of said axle, said primary wind receptacle for harnessing air currents, said primary wind receptacle being configured to rotate said axle, said primary wind receptacle further including a hub, said hub surroundably mounted to said second end of said axle, four arms, said arms contiguous with said hub, said arms being perpendicular to said hub, four wind capturing devices, said wind capturing devices mounted to said arms distal to said hub, said wind capturing devices being configured to be cup-shaped, said wind capturing devices having a convex shaped bottom; a plurality of secondary wind receptacles, said secondary wind receptacles being operatively connected to said axle, said secondary wind receptacles intermediate said light assembly and said mounting bases, said secondary wind receptacles for harnessing air currents; a power supply, said power supply operatively connected to said first end of said axle, said power supply being configured to generate electrical current. 16. The light fixture as recited in claim 15, wherein said secondary wind receptacles further include four cup-shaped wind capturing devices, said wind capturing device having circumferentially disposed thereon a magnetized ring. 17. The light fixture as recited in claim 16, and further including three magnetized panels, said panels mounted on said vertical support members, said magnetized panels having the opposite magnetic pole from said magnetized ring. 18. The light fixture as recited in claim 17, and further including a power storage unit, said power storage unit for receiving electrical currents from said power supply, said power storage unit for providing electrical current to said light assembly. 19. The light fixture as recited in claim 18, and further including three horizontal support members, said horizontal support members intermediate said vertical support members, said horizontal support members being interposed said light assembly and said mounting base. 20. The light fixture as recited in claim 19, wherein said power supply is an alternator. 