A cooler accessory for use with a hard hat or other head-protecting gear having a protective shell with a rim, the accessory including a housing that is attachable to the protective shell, flexible and pliable tubing that extends from the rigid housing in a manner that allows for user control over position and orientation of the tubing, and airflow supply means (e.g., an electric fan assembly) for supplying a flow of air that passes through the tubing and exits therefrom. During use, a portion of the tubing is disposed below the rim of the protective shell for directing the flow of air supplied by the airflow supply means under the rim for injection toward space adjacent the user's body, thereby cooling the user's body. Preferably, the tubing is positioned such that airflow is injected into an air gap between the user's head and the protective shell and over the user's head, thereby actively cooling the user's head. In another aspect, parts of the active cooling device (e.g., the housing or portions thereof) can be integrally formed with the protective shell and rim of the hard hat or other type of head-protection gear.
Claims 1. A device for use with head-protection gear that includes a protective shell with a rim, the device comprising: a housing that is attachable to the protective shell; flexible and pliable tubing that extends from the housing in a manner that enables a user to adjust position and orientation of the tubing in order to control the direction of the airflow that exits therefrom; and airflow supply means, supported by the housing, for supplying a flow of air that passes through the tubing and exits therefrom; wherein, during use, a portion of the tubing is disposed below the rim of the protective shell for directing the flow of air supplied by the airflow supply means under the rim for injection toward space adjacent the user's body, thereby cooling the user's body. 2. A device according to claim 1, wherein: the tubing is positioned such that flow of air supplied by the airflow supply means is injected into an air gap between the user's head and the protective shell and over the user's head. 3. A device according to claim 1, wherein: the length of the tubing is extendible. 4. A device according to claim 1, wherein: the housing defines an interior air duct that extends from an opening to the tubing, wherein the airflow supply means is mounted axially within the interior air duct. 5. A device according to claim 3, further comprising: a removable grill that covers the opening. 6. A device according to claim 1, further comprising: a battery compartment that is supported by the housing and holds at least one battery for powering the airflow supply means and at least one user-manipulated switch and associated control circuitry that are supported by the housing and operate to selectively couple the at least one battery to the airflow supply means in response to user manipulation of the at least one switch. 7. A device according to claim 6, further comprising: a first user-manipulated switch cooperates with associated control circuitry to operate in the following modes: i) a first mode wherein airflow supply means is powered off; and ii) a second mode wherein the airflow supply means is automatically cycled on/off for predetermined on/off time periods. 8. A device according to claim 7, wherein: the first user-manipulated switch cooperates with associated control circuitry to operate in a third mode wherein the airflow supply means is continuously powered on. 9. A device according to claim 8, wherein: the first user-manipulated switch comprises a 3-position switch that is disposed on a recessed surface of the housing and covered by a movable door. 10. A device according to claim 7, further comprising: a second user-manipulated switch cooperates with associated control circuitry to operate in a fourth mode wherein the airflow supply means is automatically powered on for a predetermined time period, said fourth mode overriding the operations of the first and second modes. 11. A device according to claim 10, wherein: the second user-manipulated switch comprises a button switch that is disposed on the exterior of the housing. 12. A device according to claim 11, wherein: the button switch provides an ergonomic design that facilitates finger manipulation by user's wearing gloves. 13. A device according to claim 6, wherein: the control circuitry comprises a microcontroller that interfaces to switching circuitry that selectively opens and closes a current path between the at least one battery held in the battery compartment and the airflow supply means, the operation of the microcontroller dictated by user manipulation of the at least one switch. 14. A device according to claim 6, further comprising: a connector that is supported by the housing and connects to an external power source, the external power source selected from the group including an AC/DC power converter, a DC/DC power converter, and a solar-cell power source. 15. A device according to claim 14, wherein: the connector interfaces to charging circuitry that charges the at least battery held in the battery compartment with electrical energy supplied by the external power source connected thereto. 16. A device according to claim 14, wherein: the connector interfaces to control circuitry for selectively powering on the airflow supply means with electrical energy supplied by the external power source applied thereto. 17. A device according to claim 14, further comprising: means for mounting the solar-cell power source on the housing. 18. A device according to claim 1, wherein: the housing includes a curved base that generally follows the contour of a portion of the exterior surface of the protective shell. 19. A device according to claim 18, further comprising: an insert of flexible elastomeric material fixed to the curved base, wherein the insert provides a cushion for mounting the housing onto the exterior surface of the protective shell in a manner that accommodates protective shells with varying shapes and sizes. 20. A device according to claim 19, further comprising: means for detachably securing the curved base to the exterior surface of the protective shell. 21. A device according to claim 1, wherein: said housing is realized from a rigid plastic material. 22. A device according to claim 1, wherein: the airflow supply means comprises one of an electric fan assembly, an air blower, a centrifuge fan, and an air pump. 23. A device according to claim 1, wherein: the head-protection gear is a hard hat. 24. A device according to claim 1, wherein: the head-protection gear is one of a military helmet, motorcycle helmet, a helmet for alpine skiing and/or snowboarding. 25. A method of cooling a user wearing head-protection gear that has a protective shell with a rim, the method comprising: attaching a device to the protective shell, the device including a housing, flexible and pliable tubing that extends from the housing in a manner that enables a user to adjust position and orientation of the tubing in order to control the direction of the airflow that exits therefrom, and airflow supply means supported by the housing for supplying a flow of air that passes through the tubing and exits therefrom; adjusting the position of the tubing such that a portion of the tubing is disposed below the rim of the protective shell for directing the flow of air supplied by the airflow supply means under the rim for injection towards space adjacent the user's head, thereby cooling the user's body; and activating the airflow supply means to produce a flow of air that is directed under the rim and injected toward space adjacent the user's head, thereby cooling the user's body the user's head. 26. A method according to claim 25, further comprising: manipulating the tubing to adjust its length. 27. A method according to claim 25, further comprising: providing the device with a battery compartment; and loading the battery compartment with at least one battery for powering the airflow supply means. 28. A method according to claim 27, further comprising: providing the device with at least one user-manipulated switch and associated control circuitry that operate to selectively couple the at least one battery to the airflow supply means in response to user manipulation of the at least one switch; manipulating the at least one switch for activation of the electric fan assembly. 29. A method according to claim 28, further comprising: providing the device with a first user-manipulated switch that cooperates with associated control circuitry to operate in the following modes: i) a first mode wherein the airflow supply means is powered off; and ii) a second mode wherein the airflow supply means is automatically cycled on/off for predetermined on/off time periods. 30. A method according to claim 29, wherein: the first user-manipulated switch cooperates with associated control circuitry to operate in a third mode wherein the airflow supply means is continuously powered on. 31. A method according to claim 29, wherein: the first user-manipulated switch comprises a 3-position switch that is disposed on a recessed surface of the housing and covered by a movable door. 32. A method according to claim 29, further comprising: providing the device with a second user-manipulated switch that cooperates with associated control circuitry to operate in a fourth mode wherein the airflow supply means is automatically powered on for a predetermined time period, said fourth mode overriding the operations of the first and second modes. 33. A method according to claim 32, wherein: the second user-manipulated switch comprises a button switch that is disposed on the exterior of the housing. 34. A method according to claim 28, wherein: the control circuitry comprises a microcontroller that interfaces to switching circuitry that selectively opens and closes a current path between the at least one battery held in the battery compartment and the airflow supply means, the operation of the microcontroller dictated by user manipulation of the at least one switch. 35. A method according to claim 27, further comprising: providing the device with a connector that is supported by the housing and connects to an external power source, the external power source selected from the group including an AC/DC power converter, a DC/DC power converter, and a solar-cell power source. 36. A method according to claim 35, wherein: the connector interfaces to charging circuitry that charges the at least battery held in the battery compartment with electrical energy supplied by the external power source connected thereto. 37. A method according to claim 35, wherein: the connector interfaces to control circuitry for selectively powering on the airflow supply means with electrical energy supplied by the external power source applied thereto. 38. A method according to claim 35, further comprising: connecting the solar-cell power source to the connector. 39. A method according to claim 35, further comprising: mounting the solar-cell power source onto the housing of the device. 40. A method according to claim 25, further comprising: providing the housing of the device with a curved base that generally follows the contour of a portion of the exterior surface of the protective shell; and detachably mounting the curved base to an exterior surface of the protective shell. 41. A method according to claim 40, further comprising: providing the housing of the device with an insert of flexible elastomeric material fixed to the curved base, wherein the insert provides a cushion for mounting the housing onto the exterior surface of the protective shell in a manner that accommodates protective shells with varying shapes and sizes. 42. A method according to claim 40, wherein: the device is detachably mounted on the rear portion of the protective shell. 43. A method according to claim 42, wherein: the tubing of the device is positioned such that airflow is injected into an air gap between the user's head and the protective shell and over the user's head, thereby cooling the user's head. 44. A method according to claim 25, wherein: the airflow supply means comprises one of an electric fan assembly, an air blower, a centrifuge fan, and an air pump. 45. A method according to claim 25, wherein: the head-protection gear is a hard hat. 46. A method according to claim 25, wherein: the head-protection gear is one of a military helmet, motorcycle helmet, a helmet for alpine skiing and/or snowboarding. 47. A head-protection apparatus comprising: a protective shell with a rim; a housing with portions that are attachable to, or integrally formed with, the protective shell; flexible and pliable tubing that extends from the rigid housing in a manner that enables a user to adjust position and orientation of the tubing in order to control the direction of the airflow that exits therefrom; and airflow supply means supported by the housing for supplying a flow of air that passes through the tubing and exits therefrom; wherein, during use, a portion of the tubing is disposed below the rim of the protective shell for directing the flow of air supplied by the electric fan assembly under the rim for injection toward space adjacent the user's body, thereby cooling the user's body. 48. A head-protection apparatus according to claim 47, wherein: the tubing is positioned such that flow of air supplied by the airflow supply means is injected into an air gap between the user's head and the protective shell and over the user's head. 49. A head-protection apparatus according to claim 47, wherein: the length of the tubing is extendible. 50. A head-protection apparatus according to claim 47, wherein: the housing defines an interior air duct that extends from an opening to the tubing, wherein the airflow supply means is mounted axially within the interior air duct. 51. A head-protection apparatus according to claim 47, further comprising: a battery compartment that is supported by the housing and holds at least one battery for powering the airflow supply means; and at least one user-manipulated switch and associated control circuitry that are supported by the housing and operate to selectively couple the at least one battery to the airflow supply means in response to user manipulation of the at least one switch. 52. A head-protection apparatus according to claim 47, wherein: said housing is realized from a rigid plastic material. 53. A head-protection apparatus according to claim 47, wherein: the airflow supply means comprises one of an electric fan assembly, an air blower, a centrifuge fan, and an air pump. 54. A head-protection apparatus according to claim 47, which is realized as a hard hat. 55. A head-protection apparatus according to claim 47, which is realized as one of a military helmet, motorcycle helmet, a helmet for alpine skiing and/or snowboarding. 