A self powered monitoring device for monitoring an animal's temperature and other vital signs. The device may be mounted in the animal's ear, under the animals skin, or in any location which can be used to generate a reliable indication of the animals temperature and other vital signs. The temperature probe for the device is inserted subcutaneously and thermally and/or electrically connected to the housing of the device. Power for the device is provided by a miniature array of solar cells, the power from the solar cells being used to drive digital circuitry which processes signals from the various probes used to gather data concerning the animal's vital signs. The size of the array is chosen to be commensurate with the number of vital signs monitored, with the amount of sunlight, density of herd, and other factors being considered to ensure sufficient power for the device.
Claims 1. A method for monitoring a selected parameter within an animal, comprising: placing a measuring device for measuring the status of at least one selected parameter within the animal; transmitting the status of the selected parameter to a location outside the animal. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein the selected parameter is one of the animal's vital signs. 3. The method of claim 2, wherein the selected parameter is the animal's body temperature. 4. The method of claim 3 wherein the selected parameter is the animal's location as determined by a G.P.S. transmitter/receiver. 5. The method of claim 1 wherein the status of the selected parameter is displayed by a battery-powered external tag. 6. The method of claim 5 wherein the battery of the battery-powered external tag is recharged by an array of solar cells. 7. The method of claim 4 wherein the selected parameter is the animal's location as determined by a global positioning satellite device and a transmitter is attached to the battery-powered external tag, so the animal's location can be sent by a transmitter to a location remote from the animal's location. 8. A device for identifying an animal, comprising: placing an internal tag within the animal; placing an external tag proximate the animal; and wherein the internal tag and the external tag are coupled. 9. The device of claim 8 wherein the internal tag monitors a selected parameter. 10. The device of claim 9 wherein the selected parameter is one of the animal's vital signs. 11. The device of claim 10, wherein the selected parameter is the animal's body temperature. 12. The device of claim 10 wherein the selected parameter is the animal's location as determined by a G.P.S. transmitter/receiver. 13. The device of claim 1 wherein the status of the selected parameter is displayed by a battery-powered external tag. 14. The device of claim 13 wherein the battery of the battery-powered external tag is recharged by an array of solar cells. 15. The device of claim 11 wherein the selected parameter is the animal's location as determined by a global positioning satellite device and a transmitter is attached to the battery-powered external tag, so the animal's location can be sent by a transmitter to a location remote from the animal's location. 