A lighted guide strip includes an elongated metal housing defining an upwardly open U-Shape and outwardly extending upper flanges. The housing is secured to a pair of transversely extending mounting flanges for attachment to a support surface. A support body within the housing receives and supports a plurality of light emitting diode arrays together with reflective structure while a light transmissive top cover is secured to the outwardly extending flanges by a pair of generally L-Shaped retaining straps and conventional fasteners. The entire lighted guide strip may be embedded within a roadway, taxiway or runway in a flush mount installation. The top cover is removable to gain access to internal components by removing the fasteners and retaining straps.
Claims 1. A lighted guide strip for use in a roadway, taxiway or runway, said lighted guide strip comprising: an elongated generally U-Shaped housing having an interior channel and opposed outwardly extending mounting flanges; a support body, received within said interior channel, defining an upper surface having a plurality of light emitting diode channels formed therein; a plurality of light emitting diodes supported within said light emitting diode channels; a top cover formed of a light transmissive material received upon said mounting flanges covering said U-Shaped housing; and a pair of retaining straps and a plurality of fasteners cooperating to secure said top cover to said mounting flanges in a removable attachment. 2. The lighted guide strip set forth in claim 1 wherein said top cover defines an upper surface, opposed edges and a lower surface, said lower surface facing said mounting flanges. 3. The lighted guide strip set forth in claim 2 wherein said retaining straps each define a generally L-shaped cross-section. 4. The lighted guide strip set forth in claim 3 wherein said retaining straps are secured to said upper surface at said opposed edges such that a portion of each L-shaped cross-section extends inwardly upon said upper surface and a portion extends downwardly. 5. The lighted guide strip set forth in claim 4 wherein said inwardly extending portions of said L-shaped cross-sections each define a first plurality of apertures and wherein said top cover defines a second plurality of apertures aligned with said first plurality of apertures and wherein said fasteners pass through said first and second pluralities of apertures. 6. The lighted guide strip set forth in claim 5 further including a resilient gasket interposed between said top cover and said mounting flanges. 7. The lighted guide strip set forth in claim 6 further including a reflector supported upon said upper surface. 8. The lighted guide strip set forth in claim 6 further including a plurality of solar-power elements supported upon said upper surface. 9. A lighted guide strip for use in an imbedded flush mount installation within a roadway, taxiway or runway, said lighted guide strip comprising: an elongated housing defining an upwardly open channel; a plurality of light emitting diodes supported within said housing; a light-transmissive top cover; and attachment means for securing said top cover to said housing to cover said light-emitting diodes in a removable attachment which allows said top cover to be removed and reinstalled while said lighted guide is installed in a flush mount installation. 