Methods and devices are provided for improved environmental protection for photovoltaic devices and assemblies. In one embodiment, the device comprises of an individually encapsulated solar cell, wherein the encapsulated solar cell includes at least one protective layer coupled to at least one surface of the solar cell. The protective layer may be a hybrid organic/inorganic material that has a chemical composition that prevents moisture from entering the solar cell and wherein light passes through the protective layer to reach an absorber layer in the solar cell.
Claims 1. A device comprising: an individually encapsulated solar cell; wherein the encapsulated solar cell includes at least one protective layer coupled to at least one surface of the solar cell, the protective layer having a chemical composition that substantially prevents moisture from entering the solar cell; wherein light passes through the protective layer to reach an absorber layer in the solar cell; wherein the protective layer comprises of an organic material and an inorganic material. 2. The device of claim 1 wherein the protective layer comprises of a hybrid nanolaminate having a plurality of layers. 3. The device of claim 1 wherein the protective layer comprises of: a plurality of layers of an inorganic material; and a plurality of layers of an organic material wherein the layers of organic material alternate with the layers of inorganic material; wherein adjacent layers of the organic material and the inorganic material are covalently bonded layers characterized by covalent bonds that couple adjacent layers together. 4. The device of claim 1 wherein the total number of layers of organic polymer and layers of inorganic material in the film is between about 100 and about 1000 layers, or between about 1000 and about 10,000 layers, or between about 10,000 layers and about 100,000 layers. 5. The device of claim 1 wherein each of the layers of inorganic material has a thickness of about 0.1 nm to about 1 nm; about 1 to about 10 nm; or about 1 nm to about 100 nm. 6. The device of claim 1 wherein the protective layer comprises of a templated nanolaminate layer with nanoparticle beads. 7. The device of claim 1 wherein the solar cell is a non-silicon based solar cell. 8. The device of claim 1 wherein the solar cell is an amorphous solar cell. 9. The device of claim 1 wherein the solar cell includes a copper-indium-selenide based alloy. 10. The device of claim 1 wherein the solar cell includes an absorber layer having one or more inorganic materials from the group consisting of: titania (TiO2), nanocrystalline TiO2, zinc oxide (ZnO), copper oxide (CuO or Cu2O or CuxOy), zirconium oxide, lanthanum oxide, niobium oxide, tin oxide, indium oxide, indium tin oxide (ITO), vanadium oxide, molybdenum oxide, tungsten oxide, strontium oxide, calcium/titanium oxide and other oxides, sodium titanate, potassium niobate, cadmium selenide (CdSe), cadmium suflide (CdS), copper sulfide (Cu2S), cadmium telluride (CdTe), cadmium-tellurium selenide (CdTeSe), copper-indium selenide (CuInSe2), cadmium oxide (CdOx), CuI, CuSCN, a semiconductive material, or combinations of the above. 11. The device of claim 1 wherein the solar cell includes an absorber layer having one or more organic materials from the group consisting of: a conjugated polymer, poly(phenylene) and derivatives thereof, poly(phenylene vinylene) and derivatives thereof (e.g., poly(2-methoxy-5-(2-ethyl-hexyloxy)-1,4-phenylene vinylene (MEH-PPV), poly(para-phenylene vinylene), (PPV)), PPV copolymers, poly(thiophene) and derivatives thereof (e.g., poly(3-octylthiophene-2,5,-diyl), regioregular, poly(3-octylthiophene-2,5,diyl), regiorandom, Poly(3-hexylthiophene-2,5-diyl), regioregular, poly(3-hexylthiophene-2,5-diyl), regiorandom), poly(thienylenevinylene) and derivatives thereof, and poly(isothianaphthene) and derivatives thereof, 2,2'7,7'tetrakis(N,N-di-p-methoxyphenyl-amine)-9,9'-spirobifluor- ene(spiro-Me OTAD), organometallic polymers, polymers containing perylene units, poly(squaraines) and their derivatives, and discotic liquid crystals, organic pigments or dyes, a Ruthenium-based dye, a liquid iodide/triiodide electrolyte, azo-dyes having azo chromofores (--N.dbd.N--) linking aromatic groups, phthalocyanines including metal-free phthalocyanine; (HPc), perylenes, perylene derivatives, Copper pthalocyanines (CuPc), Zinc Pthalocyanines (ZnPc), naphthalocyanines, squaraines, merocyanines and their respective derivatives, poly(silanes), poly(germinates), 2,9-Di(pent-3-yl)-anthra[2,1,9-def:6,5,10-d'e'f']diisoquinoline-1,3,8,10-- tetrone, and 2,9-Bis-(1-hexyl-hept-1-yl)-anthra[2,1,9-def:6,5,10-d'e'f']diisoquinoline- -1,3,8,10-tetrone and pentacene, pentacene derivatives and/or pentacene precursors, an N-type ladder polymer, poly(benzimidazobenzophenanthroline ladder) (BBL), or combinations of the above. 12. The device of claim 1 wherein the solar cell includes an absorber layer having one or more materials from the group consisting of: an oligimeric material, micro-crystalline silicon, inorganic nanorods dispersed in an organic matrix, inorganic tetrapods dispersed in an organic matrix, quantum dot materials, ionic conducting polymer gels, sol-gel nanocomposites containing an ionic liquid, ionic conductors, low molecular weight organic hole conductors, C60 and/or other small molecules, or combinations of the above. 13. The device of claim 1 wherein the solar cell includes an absorber layer having one or more materials from the group consisting of: a nanostructured layer having an inorganic porous template with pores filled by an organic material (doped or undoped), a polymer/blend cell architecture, a micro-crystalline silicon cell architecture, or combinations of the above. 14. The device of claim 1 wherein solar cell is a rigid solar cell. 15. The device of claim 1 wherein solar cell is a flexible solar cell. 16. The device of claim 1 wherein the protective layer fully encapsulates the solar cell. 17. The device of claim 1 wherein the protective layer covers a top surface and all side surfaces of the solar cell. 18. The device of claim 1 wherein the protective layer covers a top surface, a bottom surface, and all side surfaces of the solar cell. 19. The device of claim 1 wherein the protective layer is a transparent colorless layer. 20. The device of claim 1 wherein the protective layer is a solution deposited protective layer. 21. The device of claim 1 wherein the protective layer is an ALD deposited protective layer. 22. The device of claim 1 wherein the protective layer is applied to each solar cell prior to mounting the solar cell in a photovoltaic device module. 23. The device of claim 1 wherein the unprotected solar cell has a lower conversion efficiency than the solar cell with the protective layer. 24. A solar roofing material having a plurality of devices as set forth in claim 1. 25. A flexible solar roofing membrane having a plurality of devices as set forth in claim 1. 26-44. (canceled) 