Methods and apparatuses are provided for casting silicon for photovoltaic cells and other applications. With such methods and apparatuses, a cast body of geometrically ordered multi-crystalline silicon may be formed that is free or substantially free of radially-distributed impurities and defects and having at least two dimensions that are each at least about 10 cm is provided.
Claims 1. A method of manufacturing cast silicon, comprising: placing a geometric arrangement of a plurality of silicon seed crystals on at least one surface in a crucible having one or more side walls heated to at least the melting temperature of silicon and at least one wall for cooling; placing molten silicon in contact with the geometric arrangement of monocrystalline silicon seed crystals; and forming a solid body comprising geometrically ordered multi-crystalline silicon, optionally having at least two dimensions each being at least about 10 cm, by cooling the molten silicon to control crystallization, wherein the forming includes controlling a solid-liquid interface at an edge of the molten silicon during the cooling so as to move in a direction that increases a distance between the molten silicon and the at least one wall for cooling. 2. A method of manufacturing a solar cell, comprising: providing a body of cast silicon according to claim 1; forming at least one wafer from the body; optionally performing a cleaning procedure on a surface of the wafer; optionally performing a texturing step on the surface; forming a p-n junction; optionally depositing an anti-reflective coating on the surface; optionally forming at least one layer selected from a back surface field and a passivating layer; and forming electrically conductive contacts on the wafer. 3. A method of manufacturing cast silicon, comprising: arranging a plurality of silicon seed crystals in a predetermined pattern on at least two surfaces of a crucible having one or more side walls heated to at least the melting temperature of silicon and at least one wall for cooling; placing molten silicon in contact with the plurality of monocrystalline silicon seed crystals; and forming a solid body comprising geometrically ordered multi-crystalline silicon, optionally having at least two dimensions each being at least about 10 cm, by cooling the molten silicon from the at least two surfaces of the crucible to control crystallization, wherein the forming includes controlling a solid-liquid interface at an edge of the molten silicon during the cooling so as to move the interface in a direction that increases a distance between the molten silicon and the monocrystalline silicon seed crystals in the crucible. 4. A method of manufacturing cast silicon, comprising: placing a geometric arrangement of a plurality of silicon seed crystals on at least one surface in a crucible; placing silicon feedstock in contact with the plurality of silicon seed crystals on the at least one surface; heating the silicon feedstock and the plurality of silicon seed crystals to the melting temperature of silicon; controlling the heating so that the plurality of silicon seed crystals does not melt completely, the controlling comprising maintaining a .DELTA.T of about 0.1.degree. C./min or less, as measured on an outside surface of the crucible, after reaching the melting temperature of silicon elsewhere in the crucible; and, once the plurality of seed crystals are partially melted, forming a solid body comprising geometrically ordered multi-crystalline silicon by cooling the silicon. 5. A method of manufacturing a solar cell, comprising: providing a body of cast silicon according to claim 4; forming at least one wafer from the body; optionally performing a cleaning procedure on a surface of the wafer; optionally performing a texturing step on the surface; forming a p-n junction; optionally depositing an anti-reflective coating on the surface; optionally forming at least one layer selected from a back surface field and a passivating layer; and forming electrically conductive contacts on the wafer. 6. A method of manufacturing cast silicon, comprising: arranging a plurality of silicon seed crystals in a predetermined pattern on at least two surfaces of a crucible; placing silicon feedstock in contact with the plurality of silicon seed crystals on the at least two surfaces; heating the silicon feedstock and the plurality of silicon seed crystals to the melting temperature of silicon; controlling the heating so that the plurality of silicon seed crystals does not melt completely, the controlling comprising maintaining a .DELTA.T of about 0.1.degree. C./min or less, as measured on an outside surface of the crucible, after reaching the melting temperature of silicon elsewhere in the crucible; and, once the plurality of seed crystals are partially melted, forming a solid body comprising geometrically ordered multi-crystalline silicon by cooling the silicon. 7. A method of manufacturing a solar cell, comprising: providing a body of cast silicon according to claim 6; forming at least one wafer from the body; optionally performing a cleaning procedure on a surface of the wafer; optionally performing a texturing step on the surface; forming a p-n junction; optionally depositing an anti-reflective coating on the surface; optionally forming at least one layer selected from a back surface field and a passivating layer; and forming electrically conductive contacts on the wafer. 8. A method of manufacturing cast silicon, comprising: placing at least one geometric multi-crystalline silicon seed crystal on at least one surface in a crucible having one or more side walls heated to at least the melting temperature of silicon and at least one wall for cooling; placing molten silicon in contact with the at least one seed crystal; and forming a solid body comprising geometrically ordered multi-crystalline silicon, optionally having at least two dimensions each being at least about 10 cm, by cooling the molten silicon to control crystallization, wherein the forming includes controlling a solid-liquid interface at an edge of the molten silicon during the cooling so as to move in a direction that increases a distance between the molten silicon and the at least one geometric multi-crystalline silicon seed crystal in the crucible. 9. A method of manufacturing a solar cell, comprising: providing a body of cast silicon according to claim 8; forming at least one wafer from the body; optionally performing a cleaning procedure on a surface of the wafer; optionally performing a texturing step on the surface; forming a p-n junction; optionally depositing an anti-reflective coating on the surface; optionally forming at least one layer selected from a back surface field and a passivating layer; and forming electrically conductive contacts on the wafer. 10. A method of manufacturing cast silicon, comprising: placing a geometric arrangement of a plurality of silicon seed crystals on at least one surface in a crucible, the plurality of silicon seed crystals arranged to cover an entire or substantially an entire area of the at least one surface in the crucible; placing molten silicon in contact with the geometric arrangement of silicon seed crystals; and forming a solid body comprising geometrically ordered multi-crystalline silicon, optionally having at least two dimensions each being at least about 10 cm, by cooling the molten silicon to control crystallization. 11. A method of manufacturing a solar cell, comprising: providing a body of cast silicon according to claim 8; forming at least one wafer from the body; optionally performing a cleaning procedure on a surface of the wafer; optionally performing a texturing step on the surface; forming a p-n junction; optionally depositing an anti-reflective coating on the surface; optionally forming at least one layer selected from a back surface field and a passivating layer; and forming electrically conductive contacts on the wafer. 12. A method of manufacturing cast silicon, comprising: placing molten silicon in contact with at least one geometrically ordered multi-crystalline silicon seed crystal in a vessel having one or more side walls heated to at least the melting temperature of silicon, the at least one geometrically ordered multi-crystalline silicon seed crystal arranged to cover an entire or substantially an entire area of a surface of the vessel; and forming a solid body comprising geometrically ordered multi-crystalline silicon, optionally having at least two dimensions each being at least about 10 cm, by cooling the molten silicon to control crystallization. 13. A method of manufacturing a solar cell, comprising: providing a body of cast silicon according to claim 12; forming at least one wafer from the body; optionally performing a cleaning procedure on a surface of the wafer; optionally performing a texturing step on the surface; forming a p-n junction; optionally depositing an anti-reflective coating on the surface; optionally forming at least one layer selected from a back surface field and a passivating layer; and forming electrically conductive contacts on the wafer. 14. The method according to any one of claims 1, 3, 4, 6, 8, 10, or 12, comprising monitoring a progress of melting by using a dip rod. 15. A solar cell, manufactured according to the method of any one of claims 1, 3, 4, 6, 8, 10, or 12. 16. The method according to any one of claims 1, 3, 4, 6, 8, 10, or 12, wherein the cooling includes using a heat sink material for radiating heat to water-cooled walls. 17. The method according to any one of claims 1, 3, 4, 6, 8, 10, or 12, comprising forming the body to be free or substantially free of swirl defects and free or substantially free of oxygen-induced stacking fault defects. 18. The method according to any one of claims 1, 3, 4, 6, 8, 10, or 12, comprising forming the solid body of geometrically ordered multi-crystalline silicon to have at least one dimension be at least about 50 mm. 19. The method according to any one of claims 2, 5, 7, 9, 11, or 13, comprising forming the wafer to have at least one dimension be at least about 50 mm. 20. The method according to claim 18, comprising forming the solid body of geometrically ordered multi-crystalline silicon to be free or substantially free of swirl defects and free or substantially free of oxygen-induced stacking fault defects. 21. The method according to claim 19, comprising forming the wafer to be free or substantially free of swirl defects and free or substantially free of oxygen-induced stacking fault defects. 22. The method according to any one of claims 1, 3, 4, 6, 10, or 12, comprising forming a portion of the solid body to include the plurality of seed crystals. 23. The method according to claim 8, comprising forming a portion of the solid body to include the at least one seed crystal. 24. The method according to any one of claims 1, 3, or 10, wherein the placing molten silicon further includes melting silicon feedstock in a melt container separate from the crucible, heating the crucible and the silicon to the melting temperature of silicon, controlling the heating so that the plurality of seed crystals in the crucible does not melt completely, and transferring the molten silicon from the melt container into the crucible. 25. The method according to any one of claims 8 or 12, wherein the placing molten silicon further includes melting silicon feedstock in a melt container separate from the crucible, heating the crucible and the silicon to the melting temperature of silicon, controlling the heating so that the at least one seed crystal in the crucible does not melt completely, and transferring the molten silicon from the melt container into the crucible. 26. The method according to any one of claims 1, 3, 4, 6, or 10, comprising arranging the plurality of seed crystals so that a common pole direction among the seed crystals is perpendicular to a bottom of the crucible. 27. The method according to any one of claims 1, 3, 4, 6, 8, 10, or 12, wherein the forming comprises forming geometrically ordered multi-crystalline silicon having an average grain size of about 0.5 cm to about 50 cm so that a common pole direction is perpendicular to the surface of the geometrically ordered multi-crystalline silicon. 28. The method according to any one of claims 1, 3, 4, 6, 8, or 10, comprising forming another solid body of geometrically ordered multi-crystalline silicon using a seed crystal obtained from a body of continuous geometrically ordered multi-crystalline silicon previously cast according to said method. 29. The method according to any one of claims 1, 3, or 10, wherein the placing molten silicon further includes heating the crucible and the silicon to the melting temperature of silicon, and controlling the heating to maintain a .DELTA.T of about 0.1.degree. C./min or less, as measured on an outside surface of the crucible, after reaching the melting temperature of silicon elsewhere in the crucible. 30. The method according to any one of claims 3 or 6, comprising arranging the plurality of seed crystals so that a common pole direction among the seed crystals is perpendicular to one of the at least two surfaces of the crucible so that no grain boundaries are formed between the at least two surfaces of the crucible. 31. The method according to any one of claims 3 or 6, comprising arranging the plurality of seed crystals so that a maximum of three seed crystal edges meet at any corner of the predetermined pattern. 32. The method according to any one of claims 3 or 6, comprising arranging the predetermined pattern in a hexagonal or octagonal orientation along the at least one surface of the crucible. 33. The method according to any one of claims 3 or 6, wherein the at least two surfaces of the crucible are perpendicular. 34. The method according to any one of claims 1, 3, 4, 6, 8, 10, or 12, comprising monitoring a progress of melting by using a dip rod or other means. 35. The method according to any one of claims 1 or 4, wherein placing the geometric arrangement of a plurality of monocrystalline silicon seed crystals comprises arranging the seed crystals to cover an entire or substantially an entire area of a surface of the crucible. 36. A body of continuous geometrically ordered multi-crystalline silicon having a predetermined arrangement of grain orientations, the body optionally further having at least two dimensions that are each at least about 10 cm and a third dimension at least about 5 cm. 37. The body according to claim 36, wherein the geometrically ordered multi-crystalline silicon includes silicon grains having an average crystal grain cross-section size of about 0.5 cm to about 30 cm. 38. The body according to claim 36, wherein the body is free or substantially free of swirl defects and free or substantially free of oxygen-induced stacking fault defects. 39. A body of continuous cast geometrically ordered multi-crystalline silicon having a predetermined arrangement of grain orientations, the body optionally having at least two dimensions that are each at least about 10 cm. 40. The body according to claim 39, wherein the geometrically ordered multi-crystalline silicon includes silicon grains having an average crystal grain cross-section size of about 0.5 cm to about 50 cm. 41. The body according to claim 39, wherein the body is free or substantially free of swirl defects and free or substantially free of oxygen-induced stacking fault defects. 42. A continuous geometrically ordered multi-crystalline silicon wafer having a predetermined arrangement of grain orientations, the wafer further having at least two dimensions that are each at least about 50 mm. 43. The wafer according to claim 42, wherein the wafer includes silicon grains having an average crystal grain cross-section size of about 0.5 cm to about 50 cm. 44. The wafer according to claim 39, wherein the wafer is free or substantially free of swirl defects and free or substantially free of oxygen-induced stacking fault defects. 45. The body according to any one of claims 36 or 39, wherein the grain orientations have a common pole direction that is perpendicular to a surface of the body. 46. The wafer according to claim 42, wherein the grain orientations have a common pole direction that is perpendicular to a surface of the wafer. 47. A solar cell, comprising silicon from the body of silicon according to any one of claims 36 or 39. 48. A solar cell, comprising silicon from the wafer according to claim 42. 49. A solar cell, comprising: a wafer formed from a body of continuous geometrically ordered multi-crystalline silicon, the body having a predetermined arrangement of grain orientations with a common pole direction being perpendicular to a surface of the body, the body further having at least two dimensions that are each optionally at least about 10 cm and a third dimension at least about 5 cm; a p-n junction in the wafer; an optional anti-reflective coating on a surface of the wafer; optionally at least one layer selected from a back surface field and a passivating layer; and electrically conductive contacts on the wafer. 50. The solar cell according to claim 49, wherein the geometrically ordered multi-crystalline silicon includes silicon grains having an average crystal grain cross-section size of about 0.5 cm to about 30 cm. 51. The solar cell according to claim 49, wherein the body is free or substantially free of swirl defects and free or substantially free of oxygen-induced stacking fault defects. 52. A solar cell, comprising: a wafer formed from a body of continuous cast geometrically ordered multi-crystalline silicon, the body having a predetermined arrangement of grain orientations with a common pole direction being perpendicular to a surface of the body, the body further having at least two dimensions that are each optionally at least about 10 cm; a p-n junction in the wafer; an optional anti-reflective coating on a surface of the wafer; optionally at least one layer selected from a back surface field and a passivating layer; and electrically conductive contacts on the wafer. 53. The solar cell according to claim 52, wherein the geometrically ordered multi-crystalline silicon includes silicon grains having an average crystal grain cross-section size of about 0.5 cm to about 30 cm. 54. The solar cell according to claim 52, wherein the body is free or substantially free of swirl defects and free or substantially free of oxygen-induced stacking fault defects. 55. A solar cell, comprising: a continuous geometrically ordered multi-crystalline silicon wafer having a predetermined arrangement of grain orientations with a common pole direction being perpendicular to a surface of the wafer, the wafer further having at least two dimensions that are each at least about 50 mm; a p-n junction in the wafer; an optional anti-reflective coating on a surface of the wafer; optionally at least one layer selected from a back surface field and a passivating layer; and electrically conductive contacts on the wafer. 56. The solar cell according to claim 55, wherein the geometrically ordered multi-crystalline silicon wafer includes silicon grains having an average crystal grain cross-section size of about 0.5 cm to about 30 cm. 57. The solar cell according to claim 55, wherein the wafer is free or substantially free of swirl defects and free or substantially free of oxygen-induced stacking fault defects. 58. A wafer, comprising: silicon formed from a body of continuous geometrically ordered multi-crystalline silicon, the body having a predetermined arrangement of grain orientations with a common pole direction being perpendicular to a surface of the body, the body further having at least two dimensions that are each optionally at least about 10 cm and a third dimension at least about 5 cm. 59. A wafer, comprising: silicon formed from a body of continuous cast geometrically ordered multi-crystalline silicon, the body having a predetermined arrangement of grain orientations with a common pole direction being perpendicular to a surface of the body, the body further having at least two dimensions that are each optionally at least about 10 cm. 60. A wafer, comprising: a continuous geometrically ordered multi-crystalline silicon wafer having a predetermined arrangement of grain orientations with a common pole direction being perpendicular to a surface of the wafer, the wafer further having at least two dimensions that are each at least about 50 mm. 