A reflector (e.g., mirror) for use in a solar collector or the like is provided. In certain example embodiments of this invention, a reflector is made by (a) forming a reflective coating on a thin substantially flat glass substrate (the thin glass substrate may or may not be pre-bent prior to the coating being applied thereto), (b) optionally, if the glass substrate in (a) was not prebent, then cold-bending the glass substrate with the reflective coating thereon; and (c) applying a plate or frame member to the thin bent glass substrate with the coating thereon from (a) and/or (b), the plate or frame member (which may be another thicker pre-bent glass sheet, for example) for maintaining the thin glass substrate and coating thereon in a desired bent orientation in a final product which may be used as parabolic trough or dish type reflector in a concentrating solar power apparatus or the like.
Claims 1. A method of making a mirror for use in a concentrating solar power apparatus, the method comprising: bending a thick glass substrate having a thickness of at least 2.0 mm into a desired bent shape so as to form a pre-bent thick glass substrate; forming a mirror coating on a relatively thin glass substrate having a thickness of from about 1.0 to 2.0 mm, the mirror coating being formed on the thin glass substrate when the thin glass substrate is in a substantially flat shape, the thin glass substrate having a thickness less than the thick glass substrate; after the mirror coating has been formed on the thin glass substrate, laminating the thin glass substrate to the pre-bent thick glass substrate using at least one polymer inclusive adhesive layer to form a laminate mirror comprising a substantially parabolic shape, wherein the laminate mirror is used in a concentrating solar power apparatus and has a solar reflectance of at least 90%. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the pre-bent thick glass substrate is overbent compared to the final desired substantially parabolic shape of the laminate mirror, so as to compensate for a straightening effect of the thin glass substrate when the thin glass substrate is coupled with the thick glass substrate. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the thin glass substrate is not pre-bent prior to forming the mirror coating thereon. 4. The method of claim 1, further comprising pre-bending the thin glass substrate prior to forming the mirror coating thereon, and wherein the thin glass substrate is sufficient in weight and size to cause the thin glass substrate to lie substantially flat in a coating apparatus when the mirror coating is formed thereon. 5. The method of claim 4, wherein said pre-bending of the thin glass substrate comprises hot bending using temperature(s) of at least about 580 degrees C. 6. The method of claim 1, further comprising cold-bending the thin glass substrate with the mirror coating thereon at or just prior to a beginning phase of said laminating. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein said cold-bending of the thin glass substrate is performed when the thin glass substrate is at a temperature of no more than about 200 degrees C.; and the method further comprising maintaining the thin glass substrate and the mirror coating thereon in substantially the desired bent shape via the thick glass substrate and adhesive layer in the laminate. 8. The method of claim 7, wherein said cold-bending of the thin glass substrate is performed when the thin glass substrate is at a temperature of no more than about 150 degrees C. 9. The method of claim 7, wherein said cold-bending of the thin glass substrate is performed when the thin glass substrate is at a temperature of no more than about 100 degrees C. 10. The method of claim 7, wherein said cold-bending of the thin glass substrate is performed when the thin glass substrate is at a temperature of no more than about 50 degrees C. 11. The method of claim 1, wherein the polymer inclusive adhesive layer comprises polyvinyl butyral (PVB). 12. The method of claim 1, wherein a reflective layer of the mirror coating comprises silver. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein in making the mirror coating, a solution comprising PdCl.sub.2 is sprayed toward the thin glass substrate prior to forming of the reflective layer. 14. The method of claim 1, wherein the thin glass substrate has a thickness of from 1.0 to 2.0 mm, and the thick glass substrate has a thickness of from 2.1 to 6.0 mm. 15. The method of claim 1, wherein the thin glass substrate has a thickness of from 1.5 to 2.0 mm and/or the thick glass substrate has a thickness of from 3.0 to 5.5 mm. 16. The method of claim 1, wherein the thin glass substrate has a thickness of at least 0.2 mm less than a thickness of the thick glass substrate. 17. The method of claim 1, wherein the thin glass substrate has a thickness of at least 0.3 mm less than a thickness of the thick glass substrate. 18. The method of claim 1, wherein the thin glass substrate has a thickness of at least 0.5 mm less than a thickness of the thick glass substrate. 19. The method of claim 1, wherein the mirror coating comprises a nucleation layer comprising at least one of tin and palladium adjacent the thin glass substrate, a reflective layer comprising silver, and a passivation layer, wherein the passivation layer is in direct contact with the polymer inclusive adhesive layer of the laminate mirror. 20. The method of claim 19, wherein the passivation layer comprises one or more of copper, tin oxide, and/or silane(s). 21. The method of claim 1, further comprising heat strengthening the thin glass substrate prior to forming the mirror coating thereon. 22. The method of claim 1, wherein the laminate mirror has a solar reflectance of at least 92%. 23. The method of claim 1, wherein the laminate mirror has a solar reflectance of at least 92.5%. 24. The method of claim 1, wherein the thin glass substrate has a total iron content of no more than 450 ppm and has a visible transmission of at least about 88%. 25. The method of claim 1, wherein the thin glass substrate has a total iron content of no more than 425 ppm and has a visible transmission of at least about 89%. 26. The method of claim 1, wherein the thin glass substrate has a lower total iron content than the thick glass substrate. 27. The method of claim 1, further comprising coating one or more edges of the laminate mirror with a protective film. 28. The method of claim 27, wherein the protective film comprises a urethane and/or non-acid based silicone. 29. The method of claim 1, further comprising causing the polymer inclusive adhesive layer to overlap exposed edge(s) of the mirror laminate. 30. The method of claim 1, further comprising edge deleting an edge portion of the mirror coating adjacent a periphery of the thin glass substrate. 31. The method of claim 1, further comprising adhering a plurality of mounting pads to a surface of the thick glass substrate opposite the surface closest to the adhesive layer, the mounting pads for mounting the mirror laminate to a supporting structure of the concentrating solar power apparatus. 32. The method of claim 31, wherein at least one of the mounting pads comprises glass-filled plastic. 33. The method of claim 31, wherein a urethane adhesive is used to adhere the bonding pads to the surface of the thick glass substrate. 34. A method of making a mirror for use in a concentrating solar power apparatus, the method comprising: bending a thick glass substrate into a desired bent shape so as to form a pre-bent thick glass substrate; forming a mirror coating on a thin glass substrate, the mirror coating being formed on the thin glass substrate when the thin glass substrate is in a substantially flat shape; wherein the thin glass substrate has a thickness smaller than that of the thick glass substrate; and after the mirror coating has been formed on the thin glass substrate, laminating the thin glass substrate to the pre-bent thick glass substrate using at least one polymer inclusive adhesive layer to form a laminate mirror to be used in a concentrating solar power apparatus. 35. A concentrating solar power apparatus including at least one mirror, the concentrating solar power apparatus comprising: a bent laminate mirror comprising a thick glass substrate having a thickness of at least 2.0 mm, a thin glass substrate having a thickness of from about 1.0 to 2.0 mm, and a mirror coating formed on the thin glass substrate, the thick glass substrate being thicker than the thin glass substrate, the thin glass substrate being laminated to the thick glass substrate with at least one adhesive layer so that the adhesive layer and the mirror coating are both located between the thin and thick glass substrates; and wherein the bent laminate mirror is substantially parabolic in shape and has a solar reflectance of at least 90%. 36. The concentrating solar power apparatus of claim 35, wherein the thin glass substrate has a thickness of at least 0.2 mm less than a thickness of the thick glass substrate. 37. The apparatus of claim 35, wherein the thin glass substrate has a thickness of at least 0.3 mm less than a thickness of the thick glass substrate. 38. The apparatus of claim 35, wherein the mirror coating comprises a nucleation layer comprising at least one of tin and palladium adjacent the thin glass substrate, a reflective layer comprising silver, and a passivation layer, wherein the passivation layer is in direct contact with the polymer inclusive adhesive layer of the laminate mirror, and wherein the passivation layer comprises one or more of copper, tin oxide, and/or silane(s). 39. The apparatus of claim 35, wherein the thin glass substrate has a lower total iron content than does the thick glass substrate. 40. The apparatus of claim 35, further comprising a plurality of mounting pads adhered to a surface of the thick glass substrate opposite the surface closest to the adhesive layer, the mounting pads used in mounting the mirror laminate to a supporting structure of the concentrating solar power apparatus. 41. The apparatus of claim 35, wherein at least one of the mounting pads comprises glass-filled plastic. 