A remote surveillance system used for monitoring movements and sounds comprising: a power system, a video system, an audio system, a CPU, a communications system, and a housing; the power system comprising at least one solar collector and at least one battery, the solar collector is in communication with a battery, the video system comprises at least one camera; the communications system comprises a cell transmitter, a cell receiver, the communications system is in communication with the audio and video systems; the audio system comprises at least one microphone, the microphone(s) are located on top of the housing.
Claims 1. A remote surveillance system used for monitoring movements and sounds comprising: a power system, a video system, an audio system, a CPU, a communications system, and a housing; the power system comprising at least one solar collector and at least one battery, the solar collector is in communication with a battery, the video system comprises at least one camera; the communications system comprises a cell transmitter, a cell receiver, the communications system is in communication with the audio and video systems; the audio system comprises at least one microphone, the microphone(s) are located on top of the housing. 2. The remote surveillance system of claim 1 further comprising an infrared camera lens for nighttime surveillance. 3. The remote surveillance system of claim 2 further comprising at least one wide angle lens camera. 4. The remote surveillance system of claim 3 wherein the audio system incorporates at least 3 microphones. 5. The remote surveillance system of claim 4 wherein the audio system is enabled to triangulate the location of sounds. 6. The remote surveillance system of claim 3 further comprising an activation switch, the activation switch is for activating the remote surveillance system or turning off the remote surveillance system. 7. The remote surveillance system of claim 5 wherein the activation switch is in communication with the CPU; the CPU orders the activation switch to place system in sleep mode to conserve energy. 8. The remote surveillance system of claim 6 wherein the CPU is enabled for analyzing sounds; the sonar analysis distinguishes between various sound signatures. 9. The remote surveillance system of claim 7 further comprising a database, the database storing a plurality of sound signatures for the purpose of identifying sounds from an object. 10. The remote surveillance system of claim 9 further comprising a laser system; the laser system for use in directing a laser on targets for the purpose of directing smart ordnance. 11. The remote surveillance system of claim 10 wherein the housing is shaped and colored to be camouflaged. 12. A remote surveillance system used for monitoring movements and sounds; the remote surveillance system is operated from a distance comprising: a power system, a video system, an audio system, at least one satellite, a CPU, a communications system, and a housing; the power system comprising at least one solar collector and at least one battery, the solar collector is in communication with a battery, the video system comprises at least one camera; the communications system comprises a cell transmitter, a cell receiver, the communications system is in communication with the audio and video systems; the audio system comprises at least one microphone, the microphone(s) are located on top of the housing; the satellite is comprised of a communications system. 13. The remote surveillance system wherein the satellite further comprises a location device, the location means is used to enable the system to locate the satellite. 14. The remote surveillance system of claim 14 wherein the location device is a GPS device. 15. The remote surveillance system of claim 15 wherein the satellite is motion-activated. 16. The remote surveillance system of claim 16 wherein the satellite is sound activated. 17. The remote surveillance system of claim 17 wherein the database further comprises a target signature, the target signature is used for the purpose of activating the system from a dormant state to an active state. 18. The remote surveillance system of claim 18 wherein the housing is comprised of a composite polycarbonate material. 19. The remote surveillance system of claim 19 further comprising a cooling system, the cooling system is used to prevent the system from overheating. 20. A remote surveillance system used for monitoring movements and sounds; the remote surveillance system is operated from a distance comprising: a power system, a GPS device, a video system, an audio system, a CPU, a communications system, and a housing; the power system comprising at least one solar collector and at least one battery, the solar collector is in communication with a battery, the video system at least one infrared camera, at least one wide lens camera, and at least one zoom enabled camera; the communications system comprises a cell transmitter, a cell receiver, the communications system is in communication with the audio and video systems; the audio system comprises at least three microphones, the microphones are located on top of the housing, the microphones are positioned substantially equidistantly from each other for the purpose of triangulating the position of sounds. 