Methods and devices are provided for improved environmental protection for photovoltaic devices and assemblies. In one embodiment, the device comprises of an individually encapsulated solar cell, wherein the encapsulated solar cell includes at least one protective layer coupled to at least one surface of the solar cell. The protective layer may be a hybrid organic/inorganic material that has a chemical composition that prevents moisture from entering the solar cell and wherein light passes through the protective layer to reach an absorber layer in the solar cell.
Claims 1-25. (canceled) 26. A method comprising: providing a solar cell having an absorber layer; and forming at least one protective layer on at least one surface of the solar cell to define an individually encapsulated solar cell; wherein the protective layer provides a moisture barrier having a chemical composition that substantially prevents moisture from entering the solar cell and substantially prevents moisture damage to the absorber layer; wherein light passes through the protective layer to reach the absorber layer in the solar cell; wherein the protective layer comprises of an organic and inorganic material. 27. The method of claim 26 wherein the protective layer comprises of a hybrid nanolaminate having a plurality of layers. 28. The method of claim 26 wherein forming step comprises forming hybrid organic/inorganic nanolaminate. 29. The method of claim 26 wherein forming step comprises forming a barrier waveguide film. 30. The method of claim 26 wherein forming the protective layer involves using a roll-to-roll manufacturing process. 31. The method of claim 26 wherein forming the protective layer involves using a batch process. 32. The method of claim 26 wherein forming the protective layer involves solution depositing a material to be processed into the protective layer on the solar cell. 33. The method of claim 32 wherein forming the protective layer comprises using at least one method from the group consisting of: wet coating, spray coating, spin coating, doctor blade coating, contact printing, top feed reverse printing, bottom feed reverse printing, nozzle feed reverse printing, gravure printing, microgravure printing, reverse microgravure printing, comma direct printing, roller coating, slot die coating, meyerbar coating, lip direct coating, dual lip direct coating, capillary coating, ink-jet printing, jet deposition, spray deposition, aerosol spray deposition, dip coating, web coating, microgravure web coating, or combinations thereof. 34. The method of claim 26 wherein the protective layer comprises of a silico-acrylic composition containing silica, a solvent and at least one multifunctional acrylic monomer. 35. The method of claim 26 wherein forming step comprises forming a plurality of protective sublayers. 36. The method of claim 26 wherein forming step comprises forming a first layer, curing the first layer, and then applying a second layer over the first layer. 37. The method of claim 26 wherein the protective layer is applied to each solar cell prior to mounting the solar cell in a photovoltaic device module. 38. The method of claim 26 further comprising adding a flexible roofing membrane beneath the cell. 39. The method of claim 26 further comprising adding a roofing material beneath the cell. 40. A moisture resistant solar cell formed by the method as set forth in claim 26. 41. A solar roofing material containing a plurality of solar cells formed by the method as set forth in claim 26. 42. A flexible solar roofing membrane containing a plurality of solar cells formed by the method as set forth in claim 26. 43. A method comprising: providing at least one cell string having a plurality of solar cells each having an absorber layer; forming a protective layer cover the cell string and each of the solar cells; wherein the protective layer provides a moisture barrier that prevents moisture damage to the absorber layer. 44. A method comprising: providing a plurality of solar cells each having an absorber layer; forming a protective layer covering at least one of the solar cells; placing the cells on a module support; wherein the protective layer provides a moisture barrier that prevents moisture damage to the absorber layer. 