An apparatus and method are for holding heat generating elements such as solar cells. The apparatus includes a body and a component mounting surface for mounting a heat generating component, such as a solar cell, thereon. The apparatus can further include a plurality of spaced apart heat transfer element holders that are configured to transfer heat from the body to heat transfer elements. The apparatus can also include a connector that is configured to cooperate with a corresponding connector of an adjacent apparatus to mechanically couple the body to the adjacent apparatus while allowing for thermal expansion the body relative to the adjacent apparatus, thereby producing a linear array.
Claims 1. An apparatus for holding heat generating elements, the apparatus comprising: a body having first and second opposite sides; first and second opposite ends; a component mounting surface between said first and second opposite sides and said first and second opposite ends, for mounting a heat generating component thereon; a plurality of spaced apart heat transfer element holders for holding respective heat transfer elements such that said heat transfer elements extend outwardly on opposite sides of said body, said heat transfer element holders being operably configured to transfer heat from said body to said heat transfer elements; and at least one connector on at least one of said first and second opposite ends, operably configured to cooperate with a corresponding connector of an adjacent apparatus to mechanically couple said body to said adjacent apparatus while allowing for thermal expansion of said body relative to said adjacent apparatus. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said holders comprise recesses in said body. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said body comprises an extrusion and wherein said holders comprise respective recesses in said extrusion. 4. The apparatus of claim 3 wherein said recesses extend generally parallel to said mounting surface, between said first and second opposite sides of said extrusion. 5. The apparatus of claim 4 further comprising a plurality of spaced apart heat transfer elements held by said heat transfer element holders for transferring heat from said body to an ambient fluid. 6. The apparatus of claim 5 wherein each of said heat transfer elements has a first portion extending outwardly from said first side of said body, a second portion extending outwardly from said second side of said body and an intermediate portion extending between said first and second portions, said intermediate portion being held in a respective recess in said body. 7. The apparatus of claim 6 wherein each of said heat transfer elements comprises a fluid contacting surface for transferring heat from said heat transfer element to said fluid. 8. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein said fluid contacting surface includes a generally curved surface. 9. The apparatus of claim 8 wherein said generally curved surface includes a cylindrical surface. 10. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein said fluid contacting surface includes a plurality of generally flat surfaces. 11. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said connector comprises a projection depending from said body in spaced apart relation relative thereto such that a space is provided between said projection and said body, whereby a projection of an adjacent similar apparatus may be received in said space to mechanically couple said body to said adjacent similar apparatus. 12. The apparatus of claim 11 wherein said projection extends generally between said first and second sides. 13. A heat sinking solar cell apparatus comprising: a body having first and second opposite sides; first and second opposite ends; a generally planar component mounting surface between said first and second opposite sides and said first and second opposite ends; a solar cell thermally coupled to said component mounting surface such that heat generated by said solar cell is transferred to said body; first and second arrays of spaced apart heat transfer elements thermally coupled to said body and extending outwardly on said first and second opposite sides respectively of said body and generally parallel to said component mounting surface, for transferring heat from said body to an ambient fluid. 14. The apparatus of claim 13 wherein said body comprises holders for holding said heat transfer elements. 15. The apparatus of claim 14 wherein said holders comprise recesses in said body. 16. The apparatus of claim 14 wherein said body comprises an extrusion and wherein said holders comprise respective recesses in said extrusion. 17. The apparatus of claim 16 wherein said recesses extend generally parallel to said mounting surface, between said first and second opposite sides of said extrusion. 18. The apparatus of claim 17 wherein each of said heat transfer elements has a first portion extending outwardly from said first side of said body, a second portion extending outwardly from said second side of said body and an intermediate portion extending between said first and second portions, said intermediate portion being held in a respective recess in said body. 19. The apparatus of claim 18 wherein each of said heat transfer elements comprises a fluid contacting surface for transferring heat from said heat transfer element to a fluid. 20. The apparatus of claim 19 wherein said fluid contacting surface includes a generally curved surface. 21. The apparatus of claim 20 wherein said generally curved surface includes a cylindrical surface. 22. The apparatus of claim 19 wherein said fluid contacting surface includes a plurality of generally flat surfaces. 23. The apparatus of claim 13 further comprising at least one connector on at least one of said first and second opposite ends, operably configured to cooperate with a corresponding connector of an adjacent apparatus to mechanically couple said body to said adjacent apparatus while allowing for thermal expansion of said body relative to said adjacent apparatus. 24. The apparatus of claim 23 wherein said connector comprises a projection depending from said body in spaced apart relation relative thereto such that a space is provided between said projection and said body, whereby a projection of an adjacent similar apparatus may be received in said space to mechanically couple said body to said adjacent similar apparatus. 25. The apparatus of claim 24 wherein said projection extends generally between said first and second sides. 26. A linear heat dissipating solar cell system comprising a plurality of heat dissipating solar cell apparatuses, each said apparatus being as claimed in claim 24, wherein the connectors of adjacent said apparatuses are connected together to mechanically couple said apparatuses together. 27. The solar cell system of claim 26 wherein a said projection of an apparatus is received in a said space of an adjacent apparatus and wherein said projection and said space are dimensioned to permit said projection to move in said space when said body of said apparatus or said body of said adjacent apparatus expands due to heating by a corresponding solar cell associated therewith. 28. The solar cell system of claim 27 wherein each of said plurality of heat dissipating solar cell apparatuses is thermally coupled to a common support. 29. The solar cell system of claim 28 further comprising a transparent glass sheet extending over each of said heat dissipating solar cell apparatuses and thermally coupled thereto. 30. The solar cell system of claim 29 further comprising a lens holder coupled to said common support for holding a lens to focus light energy on said heat dissipating solar cell apparatuses. 31. The solar cell system of claim 30 wherein said lens holder comprises first and second pairs of projecting supports projecting generally away from said common support, at opposite ends of said system. 32. The solar cell system of claim 31 further comprising lens edge holders for holding respective edges of said lens and wherein corresponding projecting supports of said first and second pairs of projecting supports support respective lens edge holders in parallel spaced apart relation relative to said common support. 33. The solar cell system of claim 32 further comprising a lens held by said lens edge holders. 34. The solar cell system of claim 33 wherein said lens includes a fresnel lens. 35. The solar cell system of claim 28 wherein said common support comprises a length of square tubing having a plurality of sides having openings therein. 36. A process for dissipating heat generated by a solar cell, the process comprising: causing heat generated by the solar cell to be transferred to a body having first and second opposite sides and first and second opposite ends; causing heat to be transferred from said body to first and second arrays of spaced apart heat transfer elements thermally coupled to said body and extending outwardly generally parallel to said solar cell, from said first and second opposite sides respectively of said body; and permitting fluid to pass freely between and around said heat transfer elements to transfer heat from said heat transfer elements to said fluid. 37. The process of claim 36 wherein causing heat to be transferred from said body to said first and second arrays comprises causing said heat to be transferred from said body to said heat transfer elements through holders on said body for holding said heat transfer elements. 38. The process of claim 37 wherein causing said heat to be transferred through holders comprises causing said heat to be transferred from said body to respective intermediate portions of said heat transfer elements and conducting heat from said intermediate portions to opposite end portions of respective said heat transfer elements. 39. The process of claim 38 further comprising conducting said heat transferred to said opposite end portions of said heat transfer elements to surfaces of said opposite end portions of said heat transfer elements. 40. The process of claim 39 wherein conducting said heat transferred to said opposite end portions of said heat transfer elements to said surfaces of said opposite end portions comprises conducting said heat transferred to said opposite end portions to curved surfaces of said opposite end portions. 41. The process of claim 40 wherein conducting said heat transferred to said opposite end portions of said heat transfer elements to said surfaces of said opposite end portions comprises conducting said heat transferred to said opposite end portions to cylindrical surfaces of said opposite end portions. 42. The process of claim 39 wherein conducting said heat transferred to said opposite end portions of said heat transfer elements to said surfaces of said opposite end portions comprises conducting said heat transferred to said opposite end portions to generally flat surfaces of said opposite end portions. 43. The process of claim 36 further comprising mechanically coupling together a plurality of heat dissipating apparatuses, each operably configured to carry out the process of claim 36. 44. The process of claim 43 further comprising permitting bodies of said apparatuses to move relative to each other to provide for thermal expansion of said bodies. 45. The process of claim 44 further comprising permitting a first projection depending from a first body in spaded apart relation relative thereto to move in a second space provided between a second projection and a second body to provide for relative movement of said first and second bodies due to thermal expansion of at least one of said bodies while mechanically coupling said first body to said second body. 46. The process of claim 43 further comprising thermally coupling said plurality of heat dissipating solar cell apparatuses to a common support. 47. The process of claim 43 further comprising causing light to pass through a glass sheet over each of said heat dissipating solar cell apparatuses, before said light reaches said each of said heat dissipating solar cell apparatuses. 48. The process of claim 43 further comprising holding a lens in a position relative to said each heat dissipating solar cell apparatus to focus light energy on solar cells of said heat dissipating apparatuses. 49. The process of claim 48 wherein holding said lens comprises holding said lens with first and second pairs of projecting supports projecting generally away from said common support, at opposite ends of said plurality of heat dissipating solar cell apparatuses. 50. The process of claim 49 further comprising holding respective edges of said lens with respective lens edge holders supported by said first and second pairs of projecting supports. 