The process and system of the invention converts biomass materials into energy to power a large marine vessel without the problematic environmental releases of either liquids to the sea or greenhouse gases to the atmosphere. The biomass is conveyed to an on-board biomass storage facility and converted to synthesis gas in an on-board gasification unit to synthesis gas that is used as fuel for fuel cells to power the marine vessel. A portion of the biomass is sea biomass harvested from the sea and removed from the sea by on-board biomass removal means that strains the biomass from the sea water and flips the biomass into a holding bin before being conveyed to the biomass storage facility. A portion of the synthesis gas is converted to useful products. These products are partially used as fuel for the fuel cells. The remaining products are off-loaded at port facilities where biomass waste materials are loaded on-board and conveyed to the biomass storage to serve as the remaining portion of biomass.
Claims 1. A process for converting biomass materials into energy to power marine vessels comprising: a) conveying the biomass to an on-board biomass storage facility; b) converting the biomass from the on-board biomass storage facility in an on-board gasification unit to synthesis gas; and c) passing at least a portion of the synthesis gas from the gasification unit as fuel for a power system of the marine vessel. 2. The process of claim 1, wherein the biomass is sea biomass selected from the group consisting of kelp, algae, marine organic materials, and mixtures thereof harvested from the sea. 3. The process of claim 2, wherein the sea biomass is harvested from the sea by passing sea water from an intake mounted on the exterior of the vessel, through an on-board biomass removal means for harvesting the biomass, and returning the sea water to the sea through an outlet. 4. The process of claim 2, wherein the sea biomass from the on-board storage facility is conveyed via an inboard rotary feeder to the on-board gasification unit. 5. The process of claim 4, wherein the on-board biomass removal means includes a biomass holding bin, a flipper system for flipping the sea biomass harvested from the sea water into the holding bin, and a conveying system for conveying the sea biomass to the on-board biomass storage facility. 6. The process of claim 5, wherein the biomass removal system further includes a protection bar for preventing mammals and large fish from entering the intake. 7. The process of claim 6, wherein the biomass removal system further includes a video monitoring means mounted adjacent the intake for maintaining visual contact on the sea water entering the intake. 8. The process of claim 7, wherein in the biomass removal system further includes a sonar means mounted adjacent the intake for providing a warning to mammals and fish within sonar range of the intake pipe. 9. The process of claim 1, wherein the biomass is a carbonaceous waste material conveyed from a port-side storage facility to the on-board biomass storage facility. 10. The process of claim 9, wherein a sea biomass selected from the group consisting of kelp, algae, marine organic materials, and mixtures thereof harvested from the sea is also conveyed to the biomass storage facility and the combined biomass in the biomass storage facility is converted in the gasification unit to synthesis gas. 11. The process of claim 10, wherein a greenhouse gas stream recovered from the power system is recycled to the gasification unit 12. The process of claim 11, wherein said gasification unit contains a fluidized catalytic bed and operates at temperatures in the range of about 400.degree. to about 1600.degree. C. 13. The process of claim 12, wherein at least a portion of excess synthesis gas from the gasification unit is converted in an on-board chemical reactor into useful hydrocarbon products that are stored in an on-board storage facility. 14. The process of claim 12, wherein at least a portion of excess synthesis gas from the gasification unit is converted in a chemical reactor into methanol that is stored in an on-board storage facility. 15. The process of claim 13, wherein at least a portion of the useful hydrocarbon products are off-loaded from the marine vessel while conveying the carbonaceous waste materials at port-side onto the vessel. 16. The process of claim 14, wherein at least a portion of the methanol is off-loaded from the marine vessel while conveying the carbonaceous waste materials at port-side onto the vessel. 17. The process of claim 16, wherein another portion of the methanol is combined with water and the mixture is passed to a fuel cell to produce electrical energy used in the power system. 18. The process of claim 1, wherein the gasification unit is a steam reformer and at least a portion of the synthesis gas from the steam reformer is passed to a fuel cell to produce electrical energy used in the power system. 19. The process of claim 18, wherein at least a portion of the synthesis gas from the gasification unit is electrochemically oxidized in a first half-cell of a fuel cell (anode) to a first half-cell exit gas comprising carbon dioxide and water; and an oxygen-containing gas is electrochemically reduced in a second half-cell of said fuel cell (cathode) completing the circuit and resulting in the production of electrical energy used in the power system of the vessel. 20. The process of claim 9, wherein the carbonaceous waste material from the on-board biomass storage facility is conveyed via a rotary feeder to the gasification unit. 21. The process of claim 10, wherein the combined biomass from the biomass storage facility is conveyed via a rotary feeder to the gasification unit. 22. The process of claim 1, further comprising an on-board solar collector system to provide auxiliary power for the vessel. 23. The system for converting biomass materials into energy to power marine vessels comprising: a) a conveying means to convey the biomass to an on-board biomass storage facility; b) an on-board gasification unit to convert the biomass from the on-board biomass storage facility to synthesis gas; and c) a power system for the marine vessel fueled by at least a portion of the synthesis gas from the gasification unit. 24. The system of claim 23, further comprising an on-board biomass removal means for harvesting the biomass, and returning the sea water to the sea through an outlet. 25. The process of claim 24, wherein the on-board biomass removal means includes a biomass holding bin, a flipper system for flipping the sea biomass harvested from the sea water into the holding bin, and a conveying system for conveying the sea biomass to the on-board biomass storage facility. 