The invention provides a modular system that includes a composite tile, with or without integrated photovoltaic cells, a track system for assembly of the tiles to a structure, and a wiring system for the photovoltaic tile. The track and tiles are made of composite material. Molding and extrusion processes can be used for the manufacturing of the tile and track, including the integration of photovoltaic cells. The track lengths are fastened to the structure. The track and tile have mating features, such that the tile can be interlocked with the track. Adjacent tiles are installed with overlap. Photovoltaic cells can be molded into or assembled with the tile. A busbar or wire harness is assembled to the track. When the photovoltaic tile is interlocked with the track, the connectors of the photovoltaic cells engage the busbar or wiring harness to provide an electrical connection.
Claims 1. A tile system for covering a structure comprising: a tile mounting track system comprising at least one track that is fastened to the structure; at least one tile; and means for fastening the tile to the at least one track, while allowing the at least one tile to slide along the at least one track. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein at least one tile includes a photovoltaic cell. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein the at least one track has an electric conductor, the system further comprising means for electrically connecting the photovoltaic cell to the electrical conductor. 4. The system of claim 3, wherein the electrical connecting means includes one of a separate wired lug, a prong or a pierce connector. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein a snap lock is used to fasten the at least one tile to the at least one track, the snap lock allowing sliding of the at least one tile along the track and removing of the at least one tile from the track. 6. The system of claim 2, wherein a snap lock is used to fasten the at least one tile to the at least one track, the snap lock allowing sliding of the at least one tile along the track, fastening of the at least one tile to the at least one track using the snap lock facilitating the electrical connection between the photovoltaic cell and the electrical conductor using the electrical connecting means. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein at least one tile and at least one track comprises one of a metallic, polymer, or a thermoplastic elastomer material, or a combination thereof. 8. The system of claim 7, wherein the at least one tile and at least one track are formed using a molding process. 9. The system of claim 2, wherein the photovoltaic cell is fastened to the at least one tile. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein the photovoltaic cell is fastened to at least one tile by co-molding, over-molding, insert-molding, applique molding, or post molding adhesion, or a combination thereof. 11. The system of claim 6, wherein the at least one track has a first snap lock arrangement, and the at least one tile has a second snap lock arrangement, the first and second snap lock arrangements adapted to engage for fastening and sliding. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein the first snap lock arrangement includes at least a pair of prongs and the second snap lock arrangement includes a recess configured to receive and hold the prongs in the recess to maintain connection between the at least one tile and the at least one track. 13. The system of claim 11, wherein the electrical connection means further comprises a connector mounted to the tile and having a third snap lock arrangement and connection pin, the first and third snap lock arrangements arranged to allow the connector to slidably fasten to the track while maintaining electrical connection between the connector pin and a busbar mounted in the track. 14. In a structure having a roof, the improvement comprising the system of claim 1 mounted to the roof. 15. The structure of claim 14, wherein at least one tile includes a photovoltaic cell. 