A device can provide a first function and a second function. The first function can have a higher priority for power than the second function. An input element can receive an indication of a remaining capacity of a power source for the device. A comparison element can compare the indication of the remaining capacity of the power source to a power threshold associated with the second function. A control element can initiate a power control action with respect to the second function if the indication of the remaining capacity of the power source is below the power threshold.
Claims 1. A method comprising: receiving an indication of a remaining capacity of a power source for a device, said device providing a first function and a second function, said first function having a higher priority for power than the second function; comparing the indication of the remaining capacity of the power source to a power threshold associated with the second function; and if the indication of the remaining capacity of the power source is below the power threshold, initiating a power control action with respect to the second function. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein initiating the power control action comprises: placing the second function in a lower power state. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein initiating the power control action comprises: prompting a user for input regarding a power state for the second function. 4. The method of claim 1 wherein the device provides a plurality of additional functions, said plurality of additional functions having an associated plurality of additional power thresholds, the method further comprising: comparing the indication of the remaining capacity of the power source to the plurality of additional power thresholds; and if the indication of the remaining capacity of the power source is below any of the plurality of additional power thresholds, initiating power control actions with respect to corresponding ones of the plurality of additional functions. 5. The method of claim 1 further comprising: waiting for a period of time; receiving a current indication of the remaining capacity of the power source; comparing the current indication to the power threshold associated with the second function; if the second function is in a lower power state and the current indication is above the power threshold; initiating a reverse power control action with respect to the second function; and if the second function is not in a lower power state and the current indication is below the power threshold, initiating the power control action with respect to the second function. 6. The method of claim 5 further comprising: while the device is active, repeating the waiting, receiving the current indication, comparing the current indication, selectively initiating the reverse power control action, and selectively initiating the power control action. 7. The method of claim 1 further comprising: receiving a user input defining the power threshold associated with the second function. 8. The method of claim 1 further comprising: generating a usage profile of the first and second functions; and defining the power threshold associated with the second function based on the usage profile. 9. The method of claim 1 further comprising: establishing the higher priority for power for the first function over the second function. 10. The method of claim 9 wherein establishing the higher priority for power for the first function over the second function comprises: setting a power threshold associated with the first function lower than the power threshold associated with the second function. 11. The method of claim 1 wherein the second function has a plurality of available power states, the power threshold is one of a plurality of power thresholds associated with the plurality of available power states, and initiating the power control action comprises: transitioning the second function to a next lower power state among the plurality of available power states. 12. An apparatus comprising: an input element to receive an indication of a remaining capacity of a power source for a device, said device to provide a first function and a second function, said first function to have a higher priority for power than the second function; a comparison element to compare the indication of the remaining capacity of the power source to a power threshold associated with the second function; and a control element to initiate a power control action with respect to the second function if the indication of the remaining capacity of the power source is below the power threshold. 13. The apparatus of claim 12 wherein the first function is selected from a group comprising a cellular telephone function and a mobile email function. 14. The apparatus of claim 12 wherein the second function is selected from a group comprising a personal computer function, a personal data assistant function, a digital camera function, an audio player function, a gaming function, a software application, and a wireless networking radio. 15. The apparatus of claim 12 further comprising: a power monitor to generate the indication of the remaining power of the power source. 16. The apparatus of claim 12 wherein the power source is selected from a group comprising a battery, a super capacitor, a fuel cell, a combustion engine, a hybrid engine, and a solar cell. 17. The apparatus of claim 12 wherein the indication of the remaining power of the power source is selected from a group comprising a voltage level of a battery, a voltage level of a super capacitor, a voltage level from a solar cell, and a fuel level in a fuel tank. 18. The apparatus of claim 12 further comprising: a processor to execute instructions to implement the input element, the comparison element, and the control element. 19. A machine readable medium having stored thereon machine executable instructions that, when executed, implement a method comprising: receiving an indication of a remaining capacity of a power source for a device, said device providing a first function and a second function, said first function having a higher priority for power than the second function; comparing the indication of the remaining capacity of the power source to a power threshold associated with the second function; and if the indication of the remaining capacity of the power source is below the power threshold, initiating a power control action with respect to the second function. 20. The machine readable medium of claim 19 wherein the device provides a plurality of additional functions, said plurality of additional functions having an associated plurality of additional power thresholds, the method further comprising: comparing the indication of the remaining capacity of the power source to the plurality of additional power thresholds; and if the indication of the remaining capacity of the power source is below any of the plurality of additional power thresholds, initiating power control actions with respect to corresponding ones of the plurality of additional functions. 21. The machine readable medium of claim 19, the method further comprising: waiting for a period of time; receiving a current indication of the remaining capacity of the power source; comparing the current indication to the power threshold associated with the second function; if the second function is in a lower power state and the current indication is above the power threshold; initiating a reverse power control action with respect to the second function; and if the second function is not in a lower power state and the current indication is below the power threshold, initiating the power control action with respect to the second function. 22. A system comprising: a portable computing device, said portable computer device to provide a first function and a second function, said first function to have a higher priority for power than the second function; a power source for the portable computing device; and a power manager, said power manager comprising an input element to receive an indication of a remaining capacity of the power source, a comparison element to compare the indication of the remaining capacity of the power source to a power threshold associated with the second function, and a control element to initiate a power control action with respect to the second function if the indication of the remaining capacity of the power source is below the power threshold. 