A solar rechargeable lantern that utilizes light emitting diodes (LEDs) as the light source. The lantern comprises a base member having a rechargeable battery positioned therein, a light emitting portion, a solar panel connected to the battery and a printed circuit board mounted in the light emitting portion and having a plurality of LED arrays mounted thereto, the battery in turn being connected to the LED arrays. A controller is provided to control the charge applied to the battery by the solar panel and to monitor the charge status of the battery. The LED array comprises twelve parallel rows of LEDs, each row having a plurality of serially connected LEDs.
Claims 1. A solar lantern comprising: a plurality of LEDs; a battery for providing power to said LEDs; a solar panel; means for releasably connecting said solar panel to said battery; and a controller for controlling the charge applied by said solar panel to said battery and for monitoring the charge status of said battery. 2. The solar lantern of claim 1 wherein said lantern comprises a base, an upper portion and a light emitting portion positioned between said upper portion and said base, a printed circuit board having said LEDs mounted thereon being positioned within said light emitting portion. 3. The solar lantern of claim 2 wherein said LEDs generate white light when power is applied thereto from said battery. 4. The solar lantern of claim 2 wherein said LEDs are arranged in twelve parallel arrays, each array comprising a plurality of serially connected LEDs. 5. The solar lantern of claim 1 further including a switch for controlling the power applied to said LEDs. 6. The solar lantern of claim 5 further including first and second visual indicators, said first visual indicator being illuminated when the battery charge is normal, said second visual indicator being illuminated when the battery charge has diminished below a predetermined level. 7. The solar lantern of claim 6 wherein said first and second visual indicators comprise LEDs. 