An apparatus for rapidly tracking fundamental frequency information in the signal of an electric grid is a cross-coupled phase-lock loop filter (CCPLL) that includes the use of a phase-lock-loop (PLL) apparatus having a plurality individual filters, wherein an input for a first filter in the plurality of individual filters comprises the signal of the electric grid and an output signal from at least a second filter in the plurality of individual filters. A method for using the CCPLL includes applying a signal to the CCPLL and monitoring the output of the CCPLL. Use of the CCPLL may be accomplished or modeled via computer instructions stored on machine readable media.
Claims 1. A cross-coupled phase-lock-loop filter (CCPLL) for tracking a signal of an electric grid, the CCPLL comprising: a plurality of PLL filters, wherein an input for a first PLL filter in the plurality of PLL filters comprises the signal of the electric grid and an output signal from at least a second PLL filter in the plurality of PLL filters. 2. The CCPLL of claim 1, wherein the signal of the electric grid comprises one of a single-phase signal, a three-phase signal, a multi-phase signal and a poly-phase signal. 3. The CCPLL of claim 1, wherein the first PLL filter in the plurality of PLL filters comprises one of a positive sequence PLL filter and a negative sequence PLL filter. 4. The first PLL filter in the plurality of PLL filters of claim 1, wherein the first PLL filter comprises: a synchronous frame phase-lock-loop circuit comprising a d-axis signal output and a q-axis signal output, wherein at least one of the d-axis signal output and the q-axis signal output are coupled to at least one signal filter, and an output of the at least one signal filter is further coupled to a circuit for providing a reverse-transformation of the output of the at least one signal filter to provide a reverse transformation signal. 5. The first PLL filter in the plurality of PLL filters of claim 4, wherein an input of the first PLL filter comprises the reverse transformation signal. 6. The first PLL filter in the plurality of PLL filters of claim 4, wherein the output of the at least one signal filter comprises a predetermined range of frequencies. 7. The first PLL filter in the plurality of PLL filters of claim 4, wherein the signal filter comprises a low pass filter. 8. The first PLL filter in the plurality of PLL filters of claim 4, wherein the output signal comprises at least one of: the reverse transformation signal, the d-axis signal, the q-axis signal, a signal for the synchronous reference frame angular frequency, and a reference signal for the synchronous reference frame angle. 9. The first PLL filter in the plurality of PLL filters of claim 4, wherein one of a forward transform phase angle and a reverse transform phase angle of the signal of the electric grid comprises a common phase angle reference multiplied by a gain parameter. 10. A method for tracking a signal of an electric grid, comprising: selecting a cross-coupled phase-lock-loop filter (CCPLL) comprising a plurality of PLL filters, wherein an input for a first PLL filter in the plurality of PLL filters comprises the signal of the electric grid and an output signal from at least a second PLL filter in the plurality of PLL filters; applying the signal of the electric grid to the CCPLL, the CCPLL producing an output signal; and, monitoring the output signal of the CCPLL to track the signal of the electric grid. 11. The method as in claim 10, wherein producing an output signal comprises at least one of substantially extracting from the input signal at least one of a positive sequence frequency and a positive sequence magnitude and a negative sequence frequency and a negative sequence magnitude. 12. The method as in claim 11, wherein producing an output signal comprises substantially removing harmonics from at least one of the positive sequence frequency and the negative sequence frequency in the signal of the electric grid. 13. The method as in claim 10, wherein producing an output signal comprises using a multiple of the fundamental frequency of the input signal for at least one of a forward transform angle and a reverse transform angle. 14. A computer program product stored on machine readable media comprising instructions for tracking a signal of an electric grid, the instructions comprising: selecting a cross-coupled phase-lock-loop filter (CCPLL) comprising a plurality of PLL filters, wherein an input for a first PLL filter in the plurality of PLL filters comprises the signal of the electric grid and an output signal from at least a second PLL filter in the plurality of PLL filters; applying the signal of the electric grid to the CCPLL, the CCPLL producing an output signal; and, monitoring the output signal of the CCPLL to track the signal of the electric grid. 15. The computer program product as in claim 14, wherein producing an output signal comprises at least one of substantially extracting from the input signal at least one of a positive sequence frequency and a positive sequence magnitude and a negative sequence frequency and a negative sequence magnitude. 16. The computer program product as in claim 15, wherein producing an output signal comprises substantially removing harmonics from at least one of the positive sequence frequency and the negative sequence frequency in the signal of the electric grid. 17. The computer program product as in claim 14, wherein producing an output signal comprises using a multiple of the fundamental frequency of the input signal for at least one of a forward transform angle and a reverse transform angle. 18. An apparatus for tracking a signal of an electric grid and at least one of controlling and protecting equipment coupled thereto, the apparatus comprising: a cross-coupled phase-lock-loop filter (CCPLL) for producing filtered signal information, the CCPLL comprising a positive sequence filter and a negative sequence filter, wherein an input for the positive sequence filter comprises the signal of the electric grid and an output signal from the negative sequence filter and an input for the negative sequence filter comprises the signal of the electric grid and an output signal from the positive sequence filter; and a control system coupled to the CCPLL to receive the filtered signal information and providing a signal to a control system of the equipment for the at least one of controlling and protecting thereof. 19. The apparatus as in claim 18, wherein the equipment comprises at least one of a wind turbine, a generator converter, a variable speed pump; a fuel cell converter; a variable speed fan; a photovoltaic converter; and variable speed process control equipment. 20. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein the equipment comprises one of a power generation device and power consuming device. 