The efficiency of a thin film Si solar battery is improved. Between a back face electrode and a transparent conductive film provided on a front face side of the back face electrode, a refractive index adjustment layer is interposed made from a material that has a lower refractive index than that of the transparent conductive film. For example when the transparent conductive film is GZO, SiO.sub.2 is interposed between the transparent conductive film and the back face electrode made from Ag. As a result light that penetrates into and is absorbed at the back face electrode is reduced, and the reflectivity of light at the back face electrode is improved.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic conversion cell comprising: a transparent substrate; a first photovoltaic conversion layer formed on a principal plane side of said transparent substrate that converts received light into electrical power; a back face electrode layer formed on said principal plane side, and formed at a side of said first photovoltaic conversion layer opposite to a side in which outside light is incident on said first photovoltaic conversion layer; and a transparent layer which is formed between said first photovoltaic conversion layer and said back face electrode, and for which a side that is closer to said back face electrode layer has a smaller refractive index than a side that is distant from said back face electrode layer. 2. A photovoltaic conversion cell according to claim 1, wherein said transparent layer comprises: an upper portion transparent layer; and a refractive index adjustment layer, which is provided between said upper portion transparent layer and said back face electrode layer, and which has a smaller refractive index than that of said upper portion transparent layer. 3. A photovoltaic conversion cell according to claim 2, wherein said upper portion transparent layer contains at least one of ZnO, ITO, and SnO.sub.2, and said ZnO is doped with at least one of Ga, Si, Al, and B. 4. A photovoltaic conversion cell according to claim 2, wherein said refractive index adjustment layer contains at least one of SiO.sub.2, MgF.sub.2, MgO, glass, Al.sub.2O.sub.3, Y.sub.2O.sub.3, CaF.sub.2, LiF, and cavities. 5. A photovoltaic conversion cell according to claim 4, wherein said refractive index adjustment layer contains a mixed phase between a first material and a second material; said first material selected from among SiO.sub.2, MgF.sub.2, MgO, glass, Al.sub.2O.sub.3, Y.sub.2O.sub.3, CaF.sub.2, and LiF; and said second material selected from among ZnO, ITO, and SnO.sub.2, said ZnO doped with at least one of Ga, Si, Al, and B. 6. A photovoltaic conversion cell according to claim 2, wherein said back face electrode layer contains at least one of Ag, Al, Cu, and Au. 7. A photovoltaic conversion cell according to claim 2, wherein a thickness of said refractive index adjustment layer is at least 2 nanometers. 8. A photovoltaic conversion cell according to claim 2, wherein a thickness of said refractive index adjustment layer is from 5 nanometers to 25 nanometers. 9. A photovoltaic conversion cell according to claim 2, wherein a thickness of said refractive index adjustment layer is from 10 nanometers to 20 nanometers. 10. A photovoltaic conversion cell according to claim 1, wherein said transparent layer has a layer structure of at least three layers, and a refractive index of an upper side transparent layer, which is one of the layers in said layer structure, is greater than a refractive index of a lower side transparent layer, which is another of the layers between said upper side transparent layer and said back face electrode layer. 11. A photovoltaic conversion cell according to claim 1, wherein said first photovoltaic conversion layer contains polycrystalline silicon, and further comprising a second photovoltaic conversion layer containing amorphous silicon at a side opposite to said back face electrode layer with respect to said first photovoltaic conversion layer. 12. A photovoltaic conversion cell according to claim 11, wherein said first photovoltaic conversion layer contains at least one of a compound between silicon and a group IV element other than silicon, a CIS type compound, and a CIGS type compound. 13. A photovoltaic conversion cell according to claim 11, further comprising a third photovoltaic conversion layer containing polycrystalline silicon between said first photovoltaic conversion layer and said second photovoltaic conversion layer. 14. A photovoltaic conversion cell according to claim 13, wherein said third photovoltaic conversion layer contains at least one of a compound between silicon and a group IV element other than silicon, a CIS type compound, and a CIGS type compound. 15. A photovoltaic conversion cell according to claim 1, comprising: a non-transparent substrate; a back face electrode layer formed on a principal plane side of said non-transparent substrate; the first photovoltaic conversion layer formed on said principal plane side and converts received light into electrical power; a transparent electrode layer which is formed on said principal plane side, and from a side at which incident light is received; and a transparent layer which is formed between said back face electrode layer formed at a side of said first photovoltaic conversion layer opposite to a side in which outside light is incident on said first photovoltaic conversion layer, and said first photovoltaic conversion layer, and for which a side that is closer to said back face electrode layer has a smaller refractive index than that of the side that is distant from said back face electrode layer. 16. A photovoltaic conversion module wherein a plurality of the photovoltaic conversion cell according to claim 1 is disposed on a substrate, and the photovoltaic conversion cells are electrically connected. 17. A photovoltaic conversion panel comprising: at least one photovoltaic conversion module according to claim 16; and wiring that is at least electrically connected with said back face electrode layer and supplies DC electrical power generated in said photovoltaic conversion modules to an external load. 18. A photovoltaic conversion system comprising: at least one photovoltaic conversion panel according to claim 17; and an inverter that is electrically connected with said wiring, which converts DC electrical power provided to at least one of an external load and an electrical power system, into AC electrical power. 19. A photovoltaic conversion system comprising: at least one photovoltaic conversion panel according to claim 17; and a storage battery that is electrically connected with said wiring, which temporarily stores electrical power supplied to an external load. 