A stormwater treatment system for separating contaminants from flowing stormwater is provided. The stormwater treatment system includes a tank including an inlet for receiving stormwater runoff and an outlet for outputting stormwater subsequent to treatment. The tank includes a storage chamber for collecting pollutant. A sensor is provided within the tank and arranged and configured to generate a pollutant level indicative signal. A control system is in communication with the sensor. The control system is operable, based upon the pollutant level indicative signal, to identify when pollutant build-up within the storage chamber reaches a level requiring service and to responsively output a service notification.
Claims 1. A stormwater treatment system for separating pollutants from flowing stormwater, comprising: a tank including an inlet for receiving stormwater runoff and an outlet for outputting stormwater subsequent to treatment, the tank including a storage chamber for collecting pollutant; a sensor within the tank and arranged and configured to generate a pollutant level indicative signal; and a control system in communication with the sensor, the control system operable, based upon the pollutant level indicative signal, to identify when pollutant build-up within the storage chamber reaches a level requiring service and to responsively output a service notification. 2. The stormwater treatment system of claim 1 wherein the control system includes a wireless communication device that wirelessly transmits the service notification. 3. The stormwater treatment system of claim 1, wherein the sensor is a sonar sensor that is configured to detect a distance between the sonar sensor and pollutant collected in the bottom of the storage chamber. 4. The stormwater treatment system of claim 2, wherein the control system processes the pollutant level indicative signal by determining a change in the pollutant level. 5. The stormwater treatment system of claim 3, wherein the control system compares the change in the pollutant level to a predetermined threshold value. 6. The stormwater treatment system of claim 1 further comprising a rechargeable battery that provides power to the sensor and a power source that is used to recharge the battery. 7. The stormwater treatment system of claim 5, wherein the power source comprises a solar panel. 8. The stormwater treatment system of claim 1 further comprising mounting structure that mounts the sensor to an interior surface of the storage chamber. 9. The stormwater treatment system of claim 1 wherein the control system comprises a number of distributed processing devices. 10. The stormwater treatment system of claim 9 wherein a first processing device of the control system is located in proximity to the tank and a second processing device of the control system is located remotely from the tank, a wireless communication link is provided between the first processing device and the second processing device. 11. The stormwater treatment system of claim 9, wherein a first processing device located in proximity to the tank can be programmed remotely using a cellular connection, a satellite connection and/or a land line connection. 12. The stormwater treatment system of claim 1, wherein the sensor is a first sensor, the stormwater treatment system further comprising a second sensor located in the tank and arranged and configured to generate a pollutant level indicative signal. 13. A method of operating a stormwater treatment device, the method comprising: locating a sensor within the stormwater treatment device, the sensor generates at least one signal indicative of contaminant buildup in the stormwater treatment device; processing the signal generated by the sensor using a processor to identify when contaminant buildup in the stormwater treatment device reaches a threshold level; and automatically issuing a service notification using a communication device based on the output generated by the processor. 14. The method of claim 13 wherein the sensor generates an acoustic pulse and detects an echo from the acoustic pulse, a time difference between generation of the acoustic pulse and detection of the echo indicating a distance between the sensor and pollutant buildup in the bottom of a storage chamber of the stormwater treatment device. 15. The method of claim 13, wherein the sensor comprises a pressure sensor that is used to detect contaminant buildup on one or more filter devices within the stormwater treatment device. 16. The method of claim 13, wherein the service notification is communicated wirelessly using a communication device. 17. The method of claim 13 further comprising locating a processor and communication device outside the stormwater treatment device. 18. The method of claim 13 further comprising performing a service operation on the stormwater treatment device in response to the service notification. 19. The method of claim 13 further comprising controlling operation of the sensor using a programmable relay controller connected to the sensor. 20. The method of claim 19 further comprising programming the programmable relay controller to activate the sensor based on a pre-selected schedule. 21. A stormwater treatment system for separating contaminants from stormwater, comprising: a chamber for receiving stormwater runoff; at least one sensor within the chamber and arranged and configured to generate a signal indicative of contaminant buildup within the stormwater treatment system; a control system in communication with the sensor, the control system operable, based upon the signal, to identify when contaminant buildup reaches a level requiring service and to responsively output a service notification. 22. The stormwater treatment system of claim 21 wherein the chamber is a storage chamber, the sensor is a sonar sensor, the signal generated by the sonar sensor is indicative of contaminant buildup in the bottom of the storage chamber. 23. The stormwater treatment system of claim 21 wherein the chamber contains at least one filter device, the signal generated by the sensor is indicative of contaminant buildup on the filter device. 24. The stormwater treatment system of claim 21 further comprising a programmable relay controller operatively connected to the sensor and programmed to control delivery of power to the sensor. 