Various embodiments of the present invention provide an inexpensive and easy to use apparatus and method that permits a user to attach an apparatus to existing picture frames or other objects with various advantages. Such embodiments will keep a picture, object or frame in a substantially continuously level position or otherwise aligned position. Thus, using the disclosed apparatus, a user can ensure that any picture, frame or other hanging and relatively flat object will generally remain in a pleasantly horizontal or other desired aspect, without need for ongoing user inspection or manual adjustment.
Claims 1. A Leveling Apparatus, comprising: a. An Enclosure b. A Tilt Switch operably connected to the enclosure c. A Battery in electrical communication with the tilt switch d. A Direct Current (DC) Motor in electrical communication with the battery; and e. A Wheel attached to the Motor via a Gear 2. A Leveling Apparatus as defined in claim 1, capable of automatically adjusting a Frame through the use of a pressure wheel placed vertically or horizontally against any fixed object and controlled thereby. 3. A Leveling Apparatus as defined in claim 1, further comprising a Glide Button that maintains a Frame equidistant from a wall or other mounting surface. 4. A Leveling Apparatus as defined in claim 1, further comprising a Glide Wheel Mounting Bracket. 5. A Leveling Apparatus as defined in claim 3, further comprising a Glide Pin. 6. A Leveling Apparatus as defined in claim 1, further comprised of a Photovoltaic Cell or Array attached to the Leveling Apparatus' enclosure. 7. A Leveling Apparatus as defined in claim 1, further comprised of a Photovoltaic Cell or Array providing sufficient excess wiring to affix the Photovoltaic Cell or Array to a point distant from the Leveling Apparatus enclosure, including the top or side of a Frame or to an adjacent wall or other fixture or object. 8. A Leveling Apparatus as defined in claim 1, further comprised of a Photovoltaic Cell or Array and a Charging Regulator, which extends the useful life of the battery in the Leveling Apparatus and, furthermore, prevents overcharging the battery. 9. A Leveling Apparatus as defined in claim 1, further comprised of a buzzer or beeper to alert the User that the Leveling Apparatus is in operation. 10. A Leveling Apparatus as defined in claim 1, with an integral tilt switch capable of user manual adjustable threshold and sensitivity settings. 11. A Leveling Apparatus as defined in claim 1, with an integral tilt switch capable of user software adjustable threshold and sensitivity settings. 12. A tilt switch capable of controlling two, or more, circuits given one angle of declination, comprised of two, or more, sets of electrical leads. 13. A wiring method connected to a Battery, Tilt Switch and Motor such that the Motor may only receive electrical power with a given specific polarity as controlled by a Tilt Switch capable of controlling the state of an electrical circuit according to the angle of inclination of the switch. 14. A wiring method as defined in claim 13, further comprised of Photovoltaic Cell or Array to provide additional charging power when exposed to ambient light. 15. A wiring method as defined in claim 13, further comprised of a Charging Regulator that prevents overcharging of the Battery. 16. A wiring method as defined in claim 13, further comprised of a Resistor that regulates the speed of the Motor. 