A mobile surveillance and/or security unit. The unit includes a trailer, a tower mounted to the trailer, a plurality of apparatus positioned on the tower, and at least one power source configured to provide power to the plurality of apparatus. In addition, at least one of the plurality of apparatus is a communication apparatus.
Claims 1. A mobile surveillance and/or security unit, comprising: a trailer; a tower mounted to the trailer; a plurality of apparatus positioned on the tower, wherein at least one of the plurality of apparatus is a communication apparatus; and at least one power source configured to provide power to the plurality of apparatus. 2. The unit of claim 1, wherein a power source is positioned on the tower. 3. The unit of claim 2, wherein the power source is a photovoltaic array. 4. The unit of claim 1, further comprising an apparatus manager, and a communication manger, the apparatus manager and the communications manager positioned on the tower. 5. The unit of claim 1, wherein an input apparatus transmits information to a remote unit via the communication apparatus. 6. The unit of claim 1, further comprising a power management unit. 7. The unit of claim 6, wherein the power source includes at least one of a battery, an engine driven generator, and a photovoltaic array. 8. The unit of claim 7, wherein the power management unit monitors the power source and transmits a status of the power source to a remote unit via the communication apparatus. 9. The unit of claim 8, wherein the power management unit transmits the status to the remote unit automatically when an alarm condition of the power source is detected. 10. The unit of claim 1, wherein the tower pivots between a generally horizontal position for transporting and a generally vertical position for operating. 11. The unit of claim 1, wherein the trailer includes a plurality of support elements. 12. The unit of claim 1, wherein the trailer includes an enclosure for securing a power source, a power management unit, and a means for pivoting the tower between a horizontal position and a vertical position. 13. A mobile surveillance and/or security unit, comprising: a trailer; a tower mounted to the trailer; a power manager; a communication manager; an apparatus manager; an input device positioned on the tower; a communication apparatus coupled to the communication manager; and a power source configured to provide power to the input device, the power source including a battery, a photovoltaic array, and an engine powered generator. 14. The unit of claim 13, wherein the power manager is configured to control the power source. 15. The unit of claim 13, wherein the power manager is configured to monitor a parameter of the power source. 16. The unit of claim 15, wherein the parameter includes at least one of a battery charge, a photovoltaic array capacity, an engine fuel level, an engine oil pressure, and an engine temperature. 17. The unit of claim 16, wherein the power manager communicates a status of a parameter when an alarm condition occurs. 18. The unit of claim 13, wherein the power manager starts the generator to recharge the battery when a charge of the battery is below a threshold and a capacity of the photovoltaic array is not sufficient to recharge the battery. 19. The unit of claim 13, wherein the communication apparatus includes means for communicating with a remote unit. 20. The unit of claim 13, further comprising a positioning mechanism coupled to the input device. 21. The unit of claim 20, wherein a remote unit transmits instructions to the positioning mechanism. 22. The unit of claim 13, further comprising an output device. 23. The unit of claim 22, wherein the output device includes a light. 24. The unit of claim 23, wherein the power manager automatically starts the generator when the light is on. 25. A mobile surveillance and/or security unit, comprising: a trailer; a tower mounted to the trailer; a plurality of devices positioned on the tower, wherein at least one of the plurality of devices is a communication apparatus; and a power source positioned on the tower and configured to provide power to the plurality of devices. 26. The unit of claim 25, wherein one of the plurality of devices is configured to provide information to the communication apparatus and the communication apparatus transmits the information to a remote unit. 27. The unit of claim 25, further comprising a second power source positioned at a base of the tower and configured to provide power to the plurality of devices. 28. The unit of claim 27, wherein the plurality of devices continue to operate when the plurality of devices are disconnected from the second power source. 29. A method of powering a mobile surveillance and/or security unit, comprising: coupling at least one surveillance and/or security apparatus to a battery; monitoring a charge of the battery; monitoring a capacity of a photovoltaic array providing a charge to the battery; and operating a generator when the battery charge is below a first threshold and the capacity of the photovoltaic array is below a second threshold. 30. The method of claim 29, further comprising starting the generator using a second battery. 31. The method of claim 29, further comprising positioning a power source on the top of a tower of the mobile surveillance and/or security unit. 32. The method of claim 31, wherein the power source includes the photovoltaic array. 33. The method of claim 29, further comprising monitoring one or more parameters associated with an engine of the generator. 34. The method of claim 33, further comprising transmitting a status of the engine to a remote unit when one or more monitored parameters indicate an alarm condition. 35. The method of claim 33, wherein the parameters include at least one of fuel level, oil pressure, and engine temperature. 36. A mobile system, comprising: a plurality of mobile surveillance and/or security units including a trailer, a tower mounted to the trailer, a plurality of apparatus positioned on the tower, wherein at least one of the plurality of apparatus is a communication apparatus, and at least one power source configured to provide power to the plurality of apparatus; wherein one of the plurality of units includes a wireless router. 37. The system of claim 36, further comprising a user interface linked to the router. 38. The system of claim 37, wherein the user interface communicates with the plurality of units through the router. 