The solar powered fan for a portable enclosure includes an electrical fan, which is pivotally mounted within the interior region of a portable edifice, such as that associated with a portable toilet facility. The pivotal mounting of the fan allows for selective user adjustment of the angular position of the fan with respect to the roof of the housing. Mounted on the roof, exterior to the enclosure, is a hollow housing having at least one solar panel mounted to an upper surface thereof. The solar panel charges a rechargeable battery received within the hollow housing which, in turn, is in electrical communication with the electrical fan.
Claims 1. A solar powered fan for a portable enclosure, comprising: a main housing having an upper surface and a lower surface, said main housing having a hollow interior region formed therein; at least one rechargeable battery received within said hollow interior region of said main housing; at least one solar panel mounted on said upper surface of said main housing, said at least one solar panel being in electrical communication with said at least one rechargeable battery; a vertical mounting member having an upper end and a lower end, said upper end being secured to said lower surface of said main housing and projecting downwardly therefrom; a gasket having a substantially annular contour, said gasket being mounted on said vertical mounting member adjacent said upper end thereof; a pivoting arm having a proximal end and a distal end, said distal end being mounted on said lower end of said vertical mounting member; and, an electrical fan being mounted on said proximal end of said pivoting arm, said electrical fan being in electrical communication with said rechargeable battery, whereby said main housing is positioned on an exterior surface of a roof of said portable enclosure with said gasket being sandwiched between said lower surface of said main housing and said exterior surface of said roof, said vertical mounting member projecting through an opening formed in said roof and projecting into an interior of said portable enclosure, said electrical fan being selectively angularly positionable by the user. 2. The solar powered fan for a portable enclosure as recited in claim 1, further comprising: an annular collar vertically adjustably mounted on said vertical mounting member, whereby said annular collar releasably securely contacts a lower surface of said roof for securement of said solar powered fan for a portable enclosure thereto. 3. The solar powered fan for a portable enclosure as recited in claim 1, wherein said vertical mounting member is rotatively mounted to said lower surface of said main housing, said vertical mounting member being rotatable about the vertical axis. 4. The solar powered fan for a portable enclosure as recited in claim 1, wherein said vertical mounting member has an upper portion and a lower portion, said lower portion being formed from a flexible tube, whereby the user may selectively position said electrical fan with respect to the upper portion of said vertical mounting member. 5. The solar powered fan for a portable enclosure as recited in claim 1, further comprising means for selectively actuating said electrical fan. 6. The solar powered fan for a portable enclosure as recited in claim 5, wherein said means for selectively actuating said electrical fan includes a user-actuatable switch. 7. The solar powered fan for a portable enclosure as recited in claim 5, wherein said means for selectively actuating said electrical fan includes a motion sensor. 8. The solar powered fan for a portable enclosure as recited in claim 1, further comprising a light source mounted to said pivoting arm, said light source being in electrical communication with said at least one rechargeable battery. 9. The solar powered fan for a portable enclosure as recited in claim 1, further comprising a male insert member being formed on the lower surface of said main housing and projecting downwardly therefrom, whereby an upper portion of said vertical mounting member has a female recess formed therein for releasably receiving the male insert member. 10. The solar powered fan for a portable enclosure as recited in claim 9, further comprising means for releasably securing the male insert member within the female recess. 11. The solar powered fan for a portable enclosure as recited in claim 10, wherein said means for releasably securing the male insert member within the female recess comprises a threaded connection. 12. The solar powered fan for a portable enclosure as recited in claim 9, further comprising an upper gasket being positioned secured to an upper edge of the male insert member and being positioned adjacent the lower surface of said main housing. 13. The solar powered fan for a portable enclosure as recited in claim 9, further comprising means for adjustably and releasably securing the upper portion of said vertical mounting member to said roof of said portable enclosure. 14. The solar powered fan for a portable enclosure as recited in claim 1, wherein said distal end of said pivotal arm is pivotally mounted on said lower end of said vertical mounting member. 