A radiant energy concentrating or collimating system comprising an enclosure that shields its contents from environmental effects while allowing radiant energy to transmit through its top window; a plurality of energy concentrating or collimating assemblies, each on its own pivot mechanism and each comprising a plurality of optics, a support structure and an energy conversion device that is mounted on a heat dissipating structure; a drive mechanism controlled by a microprocessor to rotate the said energy concentrating or collimating assemblies on two orthogonal axes in unison so the assemblies are oriented towards desired direction at any given time.
Claims 1. A radiant energy conversion system comprising: at least one optical interface that redirects and focus radiant energy that falls thereupon into a smaller target area; an energy conversion unit having an optically active area, said energy conversion unit being located such that at least portion of said optically active area is within said target area, and thereby being operable for receiving at least a portion said focused radiant energy thereupon; an enclosure, said enclosure being configured with at least one optically transparent window that is disposed at an exposed surface that may be readily exposed to an external radiant energy source, said enclosure being operable for safeguarding its contents from impact and/or external ambient conditions and is optionally hermetically sealed; at least one energy concentrator assembly, each said at least one energy concentrator assembly comprising said at least one optical interface and said energy conversion unit operably configured into said enclosure, said energy concentrator assembly being structurally supported by a pivoting mechanism pivotally joined to a support structure, said pivoting mechanism being configured to enable pivoting of said energy concentrator assembly along at least one axis or one degree of freedom of rotation; and a drive mechanism configured to rotate said at least one energy concentrator assembly along said at least one axis of rotation, said drive mechanism being operable for rotating more than one of said at least one energy concentrator assemblies in unison, thereby enabling said at least one energy concentrator assembly to track said radiant energy along said at least one axis of rotation. 2. The radiant energy conversion system of claim 1, in which all energy concentrator assemblies are enclosed in said enclosure. 3. The radiant energy conversion system of claim 1, in which said at least one axis of rotation is at least two axes of rotation. 4. The radiant energy conversion system of claim 3, in which at least two of said at least two axes of rotation are orthogonal. 5. The radiant energy conversion system of claim 4, further comprising means for combining all components in said at least one energy concentrator assembly together to enable each such assembly to rotate individually. 6. The radiant energy conversion system of claim 4, in which said at least two energy concentrator assemblies are structurally supported by a plurality of parallel axles, each of which can rotate on its longitudinal axis, thereby creating one of the two orthogonal axes. 7. The radiant energy conversion system of claim 6, in which the rotation of said at least two energy concentrator assembly about said plurality of parallel axles is accomplished by a tangential movement of the joined assemblies in a rotation plane that is normal to the axis. 8. The radiant energy conversion system of claim 7, in which the rotation of said at least two energy concentrator assemblies about said parallel axles is accomplished by a coordinated rotation of said axles such that all axles rotate at the same angular steps. 9. The radiant energy conversion system of claim 6, further comprising: a fixed pivot point disposed at a center top location at each said at least one energy concentrator assembly, whereby rotation of said assemblies about said parallel axles around said fixed pivot is accomplished by coordinated rotation of said parallel axles in a plane normal to the axis of said parallel axles; a ball housing, a bottom side of which is mounted on the top of said at least one energy concentrator assembly, said ball housing having an opening that is larger in one direction than another; and a pivot arm comprised in said pivot mechanism, said pivot arm being mounted on an inside surface of said top window, said pivot arm having a pivot ball joined therewith. 10. The radiant energy conversion system of claim 4, in which said drive mechanism comprises at least one union mechanism that is configured to isolate at least some problematic interference between the two orthogonal rotation axes, said at least one union mechanism being further configured to accommodate any change in height that occurs as said at least one energy concentrator assembly rotates about said pivoting joint, said at least one union mechanism being configured to have a well specified location in one fixed or linearly driven axis while enabling unrestricted rotation or slide in at least one other orthogonal direction. 11. The radiant energy conversion system of claim 4, in which rotation of said at least two energy concentrator assemblies about the axis orthogonal to said plurality of axles is accomplished by a relative translation between the assemblies and their supporting axles along the direction of the axles, the translation being achieved by shifting a top surface of said assemblies while keeping said axles fixed, or alternatively by keeping a top surface of said assemblies fixed while rotating said axles. 12. The radiant energy conversion system of claim 1, in which said radiant energy source is the sun. 13. The radiant energy conversion system of claim 1, in which said support structure is fixed in place or adjustable. 14. The radiant energy conversion system of claim 1, in which said drive mechanism is made of light weight metal, plastic, composite materials, or combination of light weight metal, plastic, or composite materials. 15. The radiant energy conversion system of claim 1, in which to achieve angular control said drive mechanism comprises gear sets or pulleys in combination with an independent rotational driver for each of said at least one axis of rotation. 16. The radiant energy conversion system of claim 15, in which at least one or some or all of said rotational drivers is selected from the group of drivers consisting of linear steppers, linear motors, cylinders operated by hydraulic pressure or pneumatic pressure, rotational steppers, rotational motors. 17. The radiant energy conversion system of claim 16, in which said rotational drivers is a rotational stepper and accomplishes rotation by way of a rotor, and two parallel axles, and a cylinder whose length expands or contracts in a linear motion, one end of said cylinder being joined to one of said two parallel axles, and the other end of said cylinder being on one end of the rotor which rotates on the other axle, the radius of the rotation being set by the distance between the two axles. 18. The radiant energy conversion system of claim 1, in which said at least one optical interface comprises a primary optics and optionally ray bending optics and/or a plurality of reflectors or prisms. 19. The radiant energy conversion system of claim 18, in which said primary optics is a refractive or reflective optics. 20. The radiant energy conversion system of claim 1, in which said support structure is made of a thermally conductive material. 21. The radiant energy conversion system of claim 1, in which said support structure comprises a heat dissipating structures extruded from its body. 22. The radiant energy conversion system of claim 21, in which said energy conversion unit is mounted on said thermally conductive support structure using thermally conductive epoxy or a low temperature solder. 23. The radiant energy conversion system of claim 18, in which said energy conversion unit is mounted underneath said primary optics and facing the radiant energy source. 24. The radiant energy conversion system of claim 18, in which said energy conversion unit is mounted underneath said primary optics and receives the radiant energy indirectly via a secondary reflector located near a focal plane of said primary optics. 25. The radiant energy conversion system of claim 18, in which said energy conversion unit is mounted in between said primary optics and the radiant energy source. 26. The radiant energy conversion system of claim 1, in which said energy conversion unit comprises a photovoltaic chip, two electrical conductors that carry out the electricity generated by the chip, a thermally conductive slug, a lens cap that optionally has a hollow cavity and a filler between the chip and the lens cap, said filler being selected to have a matching refractive index between the chip and the lens cap. 27. The radiant energy conversion system of claim 26, in which said energy conversion unit is packaged as a two terminal device using microelectronic packaging and the photovoltaic chip is optimized for high flux light to electricity conversion. 28. The radiant energy conversion system of claim 26, in which the photovoltaic chip is generally rectangular and made of a semiconductor pn junction structure or is a multi junction solar cell. 29. The radiant energy conversion system of claim 1, in which said enclosure is sealed at its edges and a membrane or a filter is installed on a side, which is operable to balance internal pressure with the external ambient pressure while filtering out particulates and moisture. 30. The radiant energy conversion system of claim 1, further comprising a controlling mechanism of said radiant energy conversion system, said controlling mechanism comprising: a processing unit; a clock module that provides accurate time including the date; a memory storage unit that has stored therein all necessary formula, data to calculate the expected location of the sun at any given time, and all necessary subroutines or instruction sets to perform tracking, data acquisition, and alarm functions; and a plurality of communication wirings to enable proper control and communication with all electronic components in said radiant energy conversion system. 31. The radiant energy conversion system of claim 30, further comprising a photo sensor set and corresponding optics, which provide lighting level information and differential signals due to orientation misalignment with respect to the sun thereof to said processing unit, which processing unit is configured to properly control said drive mechanism to enable sunlight tracking optimization of said at least one energy concentrator assembly. 32. The radiant energy conversion system of claim 30, in which a plurality of other separate and remote implementations of said radiant energy conversion system are centrally controlled by said controlling mechanism. 33. The radiant energy conversion system of claim 1, in which the height of said enclosure is less than its two other dimensions. 34. The radiant energy conversion system of claim 1, in which said energy conversion unit generates electrical energy and said system further comprises an electricity storage unit that receives and stores the electrical energy generated by said energy conversion unit, said electricity storage unit storing energy by either: a charger system that recharges a bank of batteries, or an electrolysis system that splits water into hydrogen and oxygen, or through an inverter that conditions the generated electrical energy to be suitable for transmission to an electrical power grid. 35. The radiant energy conversion system of claim 20, further comprising an active cooling system, said active cooling system comprising: an inlet and an outlet, the inlet and outlet being operably connected to cooling channels configured into or onto said thermally conductive support structure; a heat exchanger; a plurality of cooling pipes operably connecting the heat exchanger and the inlets/outlets, all said cooling system components being operable for acting as a conduit for a coolant; and a circulation pump that is configured to circulate the coolant through the base plate and heat exchanger via the cooling pipes and cooling channels. 36. The radiant energy conversion system of claim 35, in which the heat exchanger dissipates heat into the air. 37. The radiant energy conversion system of claim 35, in which the heat exchanger transfers heat to water for hot water uses. 38. The radiant energy conversion system of claim 35, in which the heat exchanger transfers heat to an absorption chiller that is configured to keep a building interior cool. 39. The radiant energy conversion system of claim 35, further comprising an electrical fan and heat absorbing structure that are configured inside said enclosure and operable to remove heat from the air and transfer it to the heat exchanger. 40. A radiant energy collimator comprising: an enclosure, said enclosure being configured with at least one optically transparent window that is disposed at an exposed top surface that may be readily exposed to an external radiant energy source, said top surface being dimensioned to be larger than the depth of said enclosure, said enclosure being operable for safeguarding its contents from impact and/or external ambient conditions and is stationary mounted on a support structure; a plurality of energy collimator assemblies, each having a plurality of optics to collimate divergent radiant energy from a point emitter into a collimated beam, which point emitter is mounted on a base plate, each base plate being configured with a pivoting mechanism enabling the base plate to rotate on at least two orthogonal axes, and means for support all components in said assembly such that each assembly can rotate individually; and a drive mechanism configured inside said enclosure that operable to pivotally rotate said assemblies about a pivoting point of said pivoting mechanism, said pivotally rotation of said assemblies being in unison on said at least two orthogonal axes and operable to orient the collimated beam towards a target. 41. The radiant energy collimator of claim 40, in which said point emitter is a Light Emitting Diode whose emission is divergent. 42. The radiant energy collimator of claim 40, in which said point emitter is a filament. 43. A radiant energy conversion system comprising: means for redirecting and focusing radiant energy that falls thereupon into a smaller target area; means for receiving at least a portion said focused radiant energy thereupon and converting it to another form of energy; means for enclosing the vulnerable components of said radiant energy conversion system; means for concentrating the radiant energy onto an active area of energy conversion means; means for enabling the rotation of said concentrating means; and means for rotating said rotation means to rotate said concentrating means to thereby enable said concentrating means to at least partially track the radiant energy. 44. The radiant energy conversion system of claim 43, further comprising means for actively cooling said concentrating means. 45. The radiant energy conversion system of claim 43, further comprising means for controlling mechanism of said radiant energy conversion system. 46. The radiant energy conversion system of claim 43, further comprising means for storing and transferring the converted energy generated by said energy conversion means. 47. A radiant energy conversion system comprising: an enclosure, said enclosure being configured with at least one optically transparent window that is disposed at an exposed surface that may be readily exposed to an external radiant energy source; at least one optical interface that redirects and focus radiant energy that falls thereupon into a smaller target area; an energy conversion unit having an optically active area, said energy conversion unit being located such that at least portion of said optically active area is within said target area, and thereby being operable for receiving at least a portion said focused radiant energy thereupon; at least one element near the said energy conversion unit, said element gives rise to the perceived color of the system; 48. Said element of claim 47 comprises at least one of the interior surfaces of said enclosure, and optionally the surface of the support structure on which said energy conversion unit is situated. 49. Said element of claim 47 comprises at least one light emitting device. 50. The color of said element of claim 48 results from a dye, an oxide, and optionally a plurality of color altering compounds, including but not limited to a dye embedded in an anodized surface, a paint. 