A powertrain module for a vehicle. The powertrain module comprises a support member. An energy source is disposed within the support member. A motor-driven wheel is rotatably attached to the support member and coupled to the energy source, and a tire is mounted to the motor-driven wheel. The powertrain module is configured to be attached as a unit to a corner portion of a vehicle to provide the vehicle with motive power.
Claims 1. A powertrain module for a vehicle, comprising: a support member; an energy source disposed within the support member; a motor-driven wheel rotatably attached to the support member and coupled to the energy source; and a tire mounted to the motor-driven wheel, wherein the powertrain module is configured to be attached as a unit to a corner portion of a vehicle to provide the vehicle with motive power. 2. The powertrain module of claim 1, further comprising a suspension coupled between the support member and the motor-driven wheel. 3. The powertrain module of claim 2, further comprising a steering knuckle coupled between the suspension and the motor-driven wheel. 4. The powertrain module of claim 1 wherein the motor-driven wheel is configured to additionally function as a regenerative brake. 5. The powertrain module of claim I wherein the support member further comprises a mounting portion. 6. The powertrain module of claim 1 wherein the energy source comprises at least one of a battery and a photovoltaic cell. 7. A plurality of powertrain modules for a vehicle, each module comprising: a support member; an energy source disposed within each support member; a motor-driven wheel rotatably attached to the support member and coupled to the energy source; and a tire mounted to the motor-driven wheel, wherein the powertrain modules are configured to be attached as a unit to each corner portion of a vehicle to provide the vehicle with motive power, and wherein a controller is electrically coupled to the powertrain modules to control operation of the powertrain modules in a cooperative manner. 8. The plurality of powertrain modules of claim 7 wherein the controller is configured to cause power from the energy sources to be coupled to respective motor-driven wheels such that each wheel rotates to move the vehicle one of a forward and a reverse direction. 9. The plurality of powertrain modules of claim 7 wherein the controller is configured to disconnect one or more energy sources from their respective motor-driven wheel under predetermined conditions to reduce the amount of energy consumed by the electric vehicle. 10. The plurality of powertrain modules of claim 7 wherein the controller is configured as a traction control system to sense a loss of traction at one or more motor-driven wheel and compensate for the loss of traction by commanding an increased amount of torque at the other powertrain modules. 11. The plurality of powertrain modules of claim 7 wherein the controller is configured to cause one or more powertrain modules to act as a regenerative brake to slow or stop the electric vehicle and supply generated electrical energy to the energy source. 12. The plurality of powertrain modules of claim 7 wherein the controller is configured to function as at least one of an anti-lock brake and a dynamic stability control wherein the amount of torque produced by each powertrain module is adjusted to minimize over steer or under steer of the vehicle through corners and maintain acceleration by preventing wheel spin on surfaces with uneven grip. 13. The plurality of powertrain modules of claim 7 wherein the controller is configured to function as a power grid controller, transferring power between energy sources of the powertrain modules. 14. The plurality of powertrain modules of claim 7 wherein the controller-is configured to function as a steering controller, receiving steering input signals from a steering device and generating corresponding steering control signals that are coupled to steering actuators on the powertrain modules to control the position of corresponding steering knuckles. 15. A powertrain module for a vehicle, comprising: a support member having a mounting portion; an energy source disposed within the support member; a suspension pivotably coupled to the support member; a motor-driven wheel rotatably attached to the suspension and coupled to the energy source; and a tire mounted to the motor-driven wheel, wherein the powertrain module is configured to be attached as a unit to a corner portion of a vehicle to provide the vehicle with motive power. 16. The powertrain module of claim 15, further comprising a steering knuckle coupled between the suspension and the motor-driven wheel. 17. The powertrain module of claim 15 wherein the motor-driven wheel is configured to additionally function as a regenerative brake. 18. A method for constructing a powertrain module for a vehicle, comprising the steps of: fabricating a support member; installing an energy source within the support member; attaching a motor-driven wheel to the support member; coupling the motor-driven wheel to the energy source; and mounting a tire to the motor-driven wheel, wherein the powertrain module is configured to be attached as a unit to a corner portion of a vehicle to provide the vehicle with motive power. 19. The method of claim 18, further comprising the step of coupling a suspension between the support member and the motor-driven wheel. 20. The method of claim 19, further comprising the step of coupling a steering knuckle between the suspension and the motor-driven wheel. 21. The method of claim 18, further comprising the step of configuring the motor-driven wheel to additionally function as a regenerative brake. 22. The method of claim 18, further comprising the step of forming a mounting portion of the support member. 