A system and device for and a method of programming and controlling light fixtures is disclosed. A system in accordance with the present invention includes a stationary controller unit that is electrically coupled to the light fixtures. The stationary controller unit is configured to be remotely programmed with a portable commissioning device to automatically control the lights fixtures. The stationary controller unit and the portable commissioning device include light sensors, micro-computers and transceivers for measuring light levels, running programs, storing data and transmitting data between the stationary controller unit and the portable commissioning device. In operation, target light levels selected with the portable commissioning device and the controller unit is remotely programmed to automatically maintain the target level.
Claims 1. A portable device for commissioning light fixtures to provide a target light level, the apparatus comprising: a) means for measuring light values in a work plane of the light fixtures; and b) means for communicating, the means for communicating being configured for remotely programming the light fixtures to automatically maintain light outputs at target values based-on the light values measured. 2. The portable device of claim 1, wherein the means for measuring the light values comprises a light sensor configured to measure illumination. 3. The portable device of claim 2, wherein the light sensor comprises one or more light-emitting-diodes. 4. The portable device of claim 1, wherein the means for communicating comprises a wireless transceiver. 5. The portable device of claim 4, wherein the transceiver is an infrared transceiver configured to provide two-way communication between the portable device a controller unit with a compatible infrared transceiver, the controller unit being electrically couple to the light fixtures. 6. The portable device of claim 1, further comprising a power source, the power source being selected from the group consisting of a battery and a solar cell. 7. The portable device of claim 1, further comprising a user interface to allow a user to select the target values and initiate programming. 8. The portable device of claim 1, further comprising a micro-processor and a data storage unit for running software to program the light fixtures and for storing program data. 9. The portable device of claim 1, further comprising means to transmit data to a remote host computer. 10. A system for managing light fixtures, the system comprising: a) a controller unit coupled to the light fixtures for regulating light outputs from the light fixtures in accordance with a program; and b) a commissioning device configured to remotely program the controller unit to regulate the light outputs according to the program. 11. The system of claim 10, wherein the controller unit comprises a photo-sensor for monitoring room light, and further wherein the controller unit is configured to regulate the light outputs based on a room light level. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein the light sensor is a photodiode with photopically correcting filters. 13. The system of claim 10, wherein the controller unit comprises a micro-computer for running the program and for storing operating data. 14. The system of claim 10, further comprising a wireless communication means, wherein the commissioning device is configured to remotely program the controller unit through the wireless communication means. 15. The system of claim 14, wherein the wireless communication means comprises transceivers coupled to the commissioning device and the controller unit. 16. The system of claim 10, wherein the commissioning device is configured to initiate a calibration sequence, wherein voltage inputs to the light fixtures are compared with light outputs from the light fixtures to determine a correction factor for remotely programming the controller unit. 17. The system of claim 10, further comprising an override device for overriding the controller unit and directly controlling light outputs from the light fixtures. 18. The system of claim 17, wherein the override device is selected from the group consisting of a motion sensor and a manual switch. 19. A method for commissioning light fixtures, the method comprising: a) selecting a target light level with a portable commissioning device; b) adjusting a control signal applied to the light fixtures such that light outputs meet the target light level measured with the portable commissioning device; c) remotely programming a controller unit electrically coupled to the light fixtures to automatically maintain light outputs to meet the target light level based on a light level measured with a controller unit. 20. The method of claim 19, wherein adjusting voltages applied to the light fixtures comprises initiating a commission sequence from the portable commissioning device, whereby the portable commissioning device instructs the controller unit to adjust voltages applied to the light fixtures. 21. The method of claim 19, wherein light outputs are measured with the portable commissioning device using a first light sensor. 22. The method of claim 21, wherein the light level measured with the controller unit uses a second light sensor. 23. The method of claim 19, wherein remotely programming the controller unit comprises initiating a calibration sequence from the portable commissioning device, whereby the portable commissioning device instructs the controller unit to operate the light fixtures over a range of applied voltages and measures the corresponding light outputs using to determine a calibration factor. 