An address placard that can be converted into a shelf is disclosed. The address placard may include features such as solar or external powered illumination of the address numbers where the illumination is either in front or behind the address. The address placard can be opened by depressing the placard, or by rotating the placard to an open condition. In the open condition, the shelf may include hooks or other components that can aid a person that may be carrying a number of packages. The address placard and shelf may further include an additional locked area or combination area that allows a concealed key to be stored. A writing surface may also be included to leave a note. A doorbell or signaling mechanism may also be included with the address placard that signals when the placard is opened or when a button is depressed within the placard.
Claims 1. A combination address display and deployable shelf comprising: a wall mountable elongated enclosure having a outside area and an inside area; where the outside area includes a surface for mounting an address; a deployable hinged side of the elongated enclosure such that the hinged side can be oriented in an essentially horizontal orientation; and the horizontal surface includes at least one hooked member to allow a user to place handles of bags onto the at least one hooked area and additional items onto the essentially horizontal surface. 2. The combination address display and deployable shelf from claim 1 that further includes a storage cavity within the inside area for storing items or mail. 3. The combination address display and deployable shelf from claim 1 that further includes a battery or solar powered illumination feature for illuminating the address. 4. The combination address display and deployable shelf from claim 1 wherein the deployable-hinged side can be deployed by depressing at least a portion of the deployable-hinged side. 5. The combination address display and deployable shelf from claim 1 wherein the horizontal surface includes at least one recess for reducing movement of an item placed within the recess. 6. The combination address display and deployable shelf from claim 1 that further includes a signaling or alarm function that is activated by movement of the deployable-hinged side. 7. The combination address display and deployable shelf from claim 1 that further includes a temporary or permanent writing surface for leaving a note or message. 8. A combination address display and deployable shelf comprising: a wall mountable enclosure having a outside area and an inside area separated by a hinged transparent door; where the inside area includes a surface for mounting an address; the hinged transparent door can be oriented in either an essentially vertical or horizontal orientation leaving the address visible; and the horizontal surface allows a user to place items. 9. The combination address display and deployable shelf from claim 8 that further includes an additional storage cavity that may further include a locking feature. 10. The combination address display and deployable shelf from claim 8 that further includes a battery or solar powered illumination feature for illuminating the address. 11. The combination address display and deployable shelf from claim 8 wherein the deployable-hinged side can be deployed by depressing at least a portion of the deployable-hinged side. 12. The combination address display and deployable shelf from claim 8 that further includes a signaling or alarm function that is activated by movement of the transparent door. 13. The combination address display and deployable shelf from claim 8 that further includes at least one hook feature for holding bags or other looped items. 14. The combination address display and deployable shelf from claim 1 that further includes a temporary or permanent writing surface for leaving a note or message. 15. An address display with a rotatable rail comprising: a wall mountable address display for displaying the address of a business or residence; and a vertically to horizontally rotatable rail support structure for the support of packages or items wherein the address is visible with the rotatable rail in any orientation. 16. The address display with a rotatable rail from claim 15 that further includes a battery or solar powered illumination feature for illuminating the address. 17. The address display with a rotatable rail from claim 15 wherein the rotatable rail support can be rotated by depressing at least a portion of the rotatable rail support. 18. The address display with a rotatable rail from claim 15 that further includes a signaling or alarm function that is activated by movement of the rotatable rail. 19. The address display with a rotatable rail from claim 15 that further includes an additional storage cavity. 20. The address display with a rotatable rail from claim 15 that further includes at least one hook feature for holding bags or other looped items. 