A plurality of supercapacitor elements is arranged in rows and columns within a single housing. The elements have no physical connection until they are configured into series, parallel or combinatory matrix by a configuration circuit composing of switches, an driver and a controller. Under the manipulation of the configuration circuit, the elements can be assembled in a broad voltage range to deliver the desired powers to automobiles, heavy machineries, power tools, appliances, or consumer electronics in real-time responses. When the loads present energy for recovery, the elements can also be immediately grouped in the voltage and capacity ranges corresponding to the power levels of the energy to be harvested. Using the present invention, the efficiency of DC and AC energy utilization can be significantly improved.
Claims 1. A configurable power tank, comprising: a plurality of supercapacitor elements arranged in rows and columns within a single housing body, said plurality of supercapacitor elements connected a charging circuit; and a configuration circuit located on the outer or inner surface of a housing cover, and an integrated module by joining said housing body with said housing cover hermetically; wherein said configuration circuit configure said supercapacitor elements in a specific connection. 2. The configurable power tank according to claim 1, wherein said configuration circuit comprising: a control means for monitoring, registering, storing, calculating, deciding and commanding; and a driver, switch and sensors to execute the command of said control means to configure said supercapacitor elements through data bus. 3. The configurable power tank according to claim 1, wherein each of said supercapacitor element includes two electrodes and two separators soaked with an electrolyte. 4. The configurable power tank according to claim 1, wherein said housing body is made of plastic or metal. 5. The configurable power tank according to claim 1, further comprising a charging source connected with said charge circuit and said configuration circuit. 6. The configurable power tank according to claim 1, wherein said specific connection is in series, parallel or some other combinatory connections. 7. The configurable power tank according to claim 1, wherein said charging circuit is a CD swing circuit. 8. The configurable power tank according to claim 5, wherein said charging source is selected from the group consisting of a battery, a fuel cell, a solar cell, a wind mill, a generator, an engine and a utility grid through direct/indirect electromagnetic induced wireless transmission. 9. A power tank apparatus comprising a plurality of supercapacitor elements arranged in rows and columns within a single housing body, each of said supercapacitor elements comprising: a plurality of electrodes and a plurality of electrolyte-soaked separators wrapped or stacked together; two electrical leads connected to said electrodes, wherein each lead has a lead-switching device and said lead-switching device is connected with the data bus; an element-switching device connected with said data bus; and a voltage sensor connected with said supercapacitor element; wherein said element-switching device has a lower electrical resistance than said lead-switching device. 10. The power tank apparatus according to claim 9, wherein both of said switching device is selected from the group consisting of mechanical relays, MOSFET and IGBT. 11. The power tank apparatus according to claim 9, wherein said data bus is driven by a driver. 12. The power tank apparatus according to claim 9, wherein said electrode is a bipolar electrode. 13. A power tank system for delivering and storing power, said power tank system comprising: a plurality of supercapacitor groups parallel connected with a charging source through reciprocal switching device individually; a plurality of relays for enabling said reciprocal switching device individually between open and close states for charging and discharging; and a configuration circuit connected with said relays to configure said supercapacitor groups through said reciprocal switching device; wherein said supercapacitor groups are configured to deliver consistent peak powers through said reciprocal switching of said supercapacitor groups between charging and discharging. 14. The power tank system according to claim 13, wherein said supercapacitor group comprises a plurality of supercapacitor elements arranged in rows and columns within a single housing body. 15. The power tank system according to claim 13, wherein said configuration circuit located on the outer or inner surface of a housing cover, and an integrated module by joining said housing body with said housing cover hermetically. 16. The power tank system according to claim 14, wherein said housing body is made of plastic or metal. 17. The power tank system according to claim 13, wherein said configuration circuit configure said supercapacitor elements in a series, parallel or some other combinatory connections. 18. The power tank system according to claim 13, wherein said relay is a double-pole double-throw (DPDT) mechanical switching device. 19. The power tank system according to claim 13, wherein said charging source be selected from the group consisting of a battery, a fuel cell, a solar cell, a wind mill, a generator, an engine and a utility grid through direct/indirect electromagnetic induced wireless transmission. 20. The configurable power delivery and storage system according to claim 13, wherein said configuration circuit comprises: a control means for monitoring, registering, storing, calculating, deciding and commanding; and a driver, switch and sensors to execute the command of said control means to configure said supercapacitor elements through data bus. 