An umbrella light that can be attached to most common outdoor umbrellas using a pair of opposing semi-circular housings permanently joined by a hinge and a single torsion spring. The spring is biased inward towards the central aperture thereby creating an effective means of attachment. Within the housings are a plurality of LED's, batteries and an optional IC charging monitor. An optional solar panel is attached to the umbrella via an attachment clip. All components are wired in a standard way. The housings each include a centrally located hemispherical cut out area creating a circular aperture to allow for attachment to the support pole of a standard outdoor umbrella, and a self contained flat clip for non-pole use. The floor of the housings has a plurality of apertures that allow light from the enclosed LED's to exit.
Claims 1. An umbrella light that can be attached to most common outdoor umbrellas comprising: a pair of permanently hinged opposing semi-circular, weather resistant housings that together form a doughnut, "C" or other shape; a plurality of LED's; a plurality of DC batteries; a torsion spring; a plurality of resilient gripping members; an on-off and light selector switch; a plurality of metal battery contacts; and said LED's, said battery contacts, said on-off switch, and said batteries wired in a standard way within said housings to cause said LED's to illuminate; said housings being permanently hinged and each including a centrally located hemispherical cut out area thereby creating a circular aperture to allow for attachment to the support pole or sliding collar of a standard outdoor umbrella; the floor of said housings having a plurality of apertures that allow light to exit from said enclosed LED's; said housings including said torsion spring at one side of said housings so that said housings are spring biased inward towards each other thereby creating a pole retaining means. 2. An umbrella light that can be attached to most common outdoor umbrellas as claimed in claim 1 wherein the single spring biased nature of said pole aperture allows for said housing to snuggly fit onto a variety of pole diameters or sliding pole collars 3. An umbrella light as claimed in claim 1 wherein said LED's include independently operating cool white and amber color output so that when used together, a more balanced warm light is emitted and wherein said selector switch can be positioned so that said cool white LED's or said amber LED's can be activated separately for more energy efficiency use. 4. An umbrella light as claimed in claim 1 wherein said C type battery holders can be converted to AA type battery holders by means of hinged AA battery adaptor members located within the floor of said standard C battery retaining walls. 5. An umbrella light as claimed in claim 1 further including a hanger bracket that can be removably attached to said light housing thereby allowing said housing to be supported by a standard hook rather than an umbrella pole. 6. An umbrella light as claimed in claim 1 wherein said batteries can be a recharging type and are charged by a charging system including a solar panel attached by an attachment clip that can be removably attached to the edge of a standard outdoor umbrella; said charging system including an IC charging monitor which allows for more accurate and efficient measurement of power coming from said solar panel. 7. An umbrella light as claimed in claim 1 wherein said umbrella solar panel attachment clip includes an approximately five inch extension arm to enable said solar panel to not interfere with the standard overlap vent flap found on many standard outdoor umbrellas. 8. An umbrella light as claimed in claim 1 wherein said solar panel can be attached to the fabric portion of an umbrella by alternate means such as a standard pin through fabric and associated clasp, magnetic clasps, or attachment to the top of said umbrella and retained by means of its standard finial. 9. An umbrella light as claimed in claim 1 further comprising an optional solar power clip retaining pocket that can be glued or sewn or otherwise attached to an umbrella that does not have a vent flap configuration. 10. An umbrella light that can be attached to most common outdoor umbrellas as claimed in claim 1 wherein said housing can be affixed to an umbrella pole without the need for additional tools or buckles and without the need for detaching said housing members from each other. 11. An umbrella light as claimed in claim 1 further comprising a plurality of high friction resilient strips mounted to the inside surface of said circular pole aperture so that said housing will not slip down said umbrella pole. 