A system and method for installing a solar module on a roof using a mounting structure which can be adjusted after it has been fixed to the roof. The mounting structure is comprised of a plate having a slot into which an adjustable bracket is slidably positioned. The mounting structures are spaced from each other and the plates are fixed to the roof by toggle bolts or the like. A framed module is placed across the structures and one or both of the adjustable brackets are adjusted to align holes in the frame of the module with threaded chambers in the brackets. Next, threaded fasteners are passed through the holes and into the chambers to thereby secure the solar module to the roof.
Claims 1. A mounting structure for installing a solar module on a support surface, said mounting structure comprising: a plate adapted to be secured to said support surface; said plate having a slot therein, and a bracket slidably positioned in said slot in said plate, said bracket having means adapted to receive a fastener for securing said module to said mounting structure. 2. The mounting structure of claim 1 wherein said bracket comprises: a flange; and an upstanding portion affixed to said flange and extending upward through said slot; and wherein said means for receiving a fastener comprises: a threaded chamber formed internally within said upstanding portion of said bracket. 3. The mounting structure of claim 2 including: sealant on the bottom of said plate and substantially surrounding the perimeter of said plate. 4. The mounting structure of claim 2 wherein said upstanding portion is cylindrical and wherein said slot has an enlarged, circular opening at one end thereof, said enlarged opening having a diameter sufficient to allow said upstanding cylindrical portion to pass therethrough. 5. The mounting structure of claim 4 wherein said flange is circular and has a diameter greater than the diameter of said enlarged, circular opening in said slot to thereby prevent said flange from passing through said enlarged opening. 6. The mounting structure of claim 5 wherein said cylindrical portion of said bracket includes a reduced area about a part of its circumference near its lower end to form a recessed area to allow said cylindrical portion to slide within said slot. 7. A solar array mounted on a support surface or the like, said array comprising: at least two adjustable mounting structures affixed to said support surface, each mounting structure comprising: a plate secured to said support surface; said plate having a slot therein, and an adjustable bracket slidably positioned in said slot in said plate; at least one of solar module; and means for securing said solar modules to said respective mounting structures. 8. The solar array of claim 7 wherein said at least two adjustable mounting structures are spaced from each other at a distance approximately equal to the one side of a solar panel whereby said solar module can span said distance between said mounting structures. 9. The solar array of claim 8 wherein said bracket comprises: a flange; an upstanding portion affixed to said flange and extending upward through said slot; said upstanding portion having an internal threaded chamber formed therein. 10. The solar array of claim 9 wherein said solar module includes: a frame having sides which encase said module; each of two opposing sides of said frame of said solar module having a hole therein which is aligned with said threaded chamber in a respective said adjustable bracket when said solar module spans said distance between said mounting structures; and threaded fasteners positioned through said respective holes in said frame and threaded into said respective threaded chambers to thereby secure said solar module to said mounting structures. 11. The solar array of claim 10 including: sealant substantially surrounding the perimeter of each of said at least two plates. 12. The solar array of claim 11 including: a plurality of solar modules; and a plurality of mounting structures, at least two of which are spaced from each other to secure each of said plurality of solar modules to said support surface. 13. The solar array of claim 12 wherein said support surface is a roof of a building. 14. A method of installing an array of solar modules on a support structure, said method comprising: securing at least two mounting structures on said support surface and spaced from each other at a distance equal to approximately the length of one side of a solar module; positioning a solar module across said mounting structures; adjusting one or both mounting structures after said mounting structures are secured to said support surface to align holes in the opposing sides of said solar module to said mounting structures; and passing fasteners through said holes in said solar module and into said respective mounting means to thereby secure said solar module to said support surface. 15. The method of claim 14 wherein said holes in said solar module are formed in the sides of a frame that encases said solar module. 16. The method of claim 15 wherein each of said two mounting structures comprise: a plate secured to said support surface; said plate having a slot therein, and an adjustable bracket slidably positioned in said slot in said plate, said bracket having means for receiving said fastener for securing said solar module to said mounting structure. 17. The method of claim 16 wherein said bracket comprises: a flange; an upstanding portion affixed to said flange and extending upward through said slot; and wherein said means for receiving a fastener comprises: a threaded chamber formed internally within said upstanding portion of said bracket. 18. The method of claim 17 wherein said plates of said mounting structures are secured to said support surface by toggles bolts. 19. The method of claim 18 including: sealing said plates of said mounting structures to the support surface. 20. The method of claim 20 wherein said support surface is the roof of a building. 