A light fixture using LEDs includes a lower skin layer possessing heat transfer properties. A circuit board is affixed to the lower skin layer, and a single LED, or a plurality of LEDs, is electrically connected to the circuit board. The single LED, or plurality of LEDs, when electrically activated, emits light through substantially around a vertical axis. The light fixture also includes a core possessing heat transfer properties that is in thermal contact with the LED and has an interior cavity for the LED. The core is affixed to the lower skin layer, and an upper skin layer, containing a window or windows over the LED or LEDs, is affixed to the core. The LEDs may be white, infrared, ultraviolet, and/or colored and may be mounted on a printed circuit board or individually.
Claims 1. A light fixture, comprising: a lower skin layer possessing heat transfer properties; a circuit board affixed to said lower skin layer; an LED with a bottom surface and electrically connected to said circuit board; said LED, when receiving electrical signals, emits light opposed to said bottom surface and substantially around a vertical axis extending through said bottom surface; and a core that possesses heat transfer properties and is displaced from said LED, wherein said core is in thermal contact with said lower skin layer. 2. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said fixture further comprises an upper skin layer containing a window over said LED and affixed to said core. 3. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said fixture further comprises a power supply. 4. The light fixture of claim 3 wherein said power supply has connecting wires to be connected to an electrical system. 4. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said LED emits light from a selected portion of the electromagnetic spectrum. 5. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said circuit board is a flexible circuit. 6. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said fixture comprises a second LED spaced from said first LED. 7. The light fixture of claim 6 wherein said first and second LEDs are bus connected by conductors. 8. The light fixture of claim 6 wherein said first and second LEDs are affixed to molded flexible structures. 9. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said LED is affixed to a corrugated reflector shape. 10. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said fixture comprises a two-dimensional array of LEDs. 11. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said fixture comprises a three-dimensional array of LEDs. 12. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said circuit board contains on board LED drivers. 13. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said fixture further comprises a smart printed circuit board controller. 14. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said fixture further comprises an on board LED redundancy circuit. 15. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said fixture further comprises a camera eye, on board audio/video circuity, and a wireless transmitter. 16. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said fixture further comprises a motion detector. 17. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said fixture further comprises a wireless transmitter. 18. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said fixture further comprises on-board temperature monitoring circuitry. 19. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said core has a honeycomb structure. 20. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said core has a parabolic louvered structure. 21. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said core has a square channel structure. 22. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said core has an I beam structure. 23. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said core has an egg crate structure. 24. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said core has a standoff structure. 25. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said core has a baffle structure. 26. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said core has a hex shape core section. 27. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said core has octagon structures. 28. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said core is a corrugated shape. 29. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said core has a circular shape core section. 30. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said core has a square shape core section. 31. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said core has a rectangle shape core section. 32. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said core is composed of a type of aluminum. 33. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said core is composed of a type of copper. 34. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said fixture further comprises molded plastic conductive foam. 35. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said fixture further comprises an optical component symmetrically positioned about said vertical axis of said LED. 36. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said fixture further comprises a reflector within said interior cavity of said core which directs the light substantially parallel to said vertical axis of said LED. 37. The light fixture of claim 36 wherein said reflector is metal. 38. The light fixture of claim 36 wherein said reflector is plastic. 39. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said fixture further comprises connectors that provide data to said LED. 40. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said core has an interior cavity for said LED. 41. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said fixture further comprises locative pins for connecting multiple fixtures to each other. 42. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said circuit board has on-board components and drivers. 43. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said fixture comprises an alternating array of said core and said LED. 44. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said fixture further comprises on board battery backup circuitry and a rechargeable battery. 45. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said fixture further comprises a solar panel. 46. The light fixture of claim 2 wherein said window is clear plastic. 47. The light fixture of claim 2 wherein said window is glass. 48. The light fixture of claim 2 wherein said window is an opaque plastic. 49. The light fixture of claim 2 wherein said window is prismatic. 50. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein a lens is positioned about said vertical axis of said LED. 51. The light fixture of claim 2 wherein at least one of said upper and lower skin layers contains an opening to access internal components of said fixture. 52. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said fixture is joined with another fixture. 53. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said fixture is joined to an existing frame. 54. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said fixture is mounted to a ceiling grid. 55. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said fixture is affixed to a floor grid. 56. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein at least one of said upper and lower skin layers contain an opening. 57. The light fixture of claim 52 wherein said fixtures are electrically connected, wherein said fixtures require only one connection from a power supply source. 58. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said fixture comprises a light dimmer. 59. The light fixture of claim 2 wherein said core has a square shaft affixed between said lower and upper skin layers. 60. The light fixture of claim 1 wherein said fixture further comprises additional skin layers and additional layers of said core. 61. A light fixture, comprising: a lower skin layer possessing heat transfer properties; a circuit board affixed to said lower skin layer; a lower voltage power supply having connecting wires to be connected to an electrical system and wired to said circuit board; an LED with a bottom surface and electrically connected to said circuit board; said LED, when receiving electrical signals, emits light opposed to said bottom surface and substantially around a vertical axis extending through said bottom surface; an optical component symmetrically positioned about said vertical axis of said LED; a core that possesses heat transfer properties and is displaced from said LED, wherein said core is in thermal contact with said lower skin layer; an upper skin layer containing a window over said LED and affixed to said core; and said lower skin layer and said upper skin layer encompassing said LED. 