The present invention is a new and novel wind generator system particularly suitable for small wind applications that harnesses low velocity wind effectively. In a preferred embodiment of the invention, the wind generator system comprises a drive shaft; a plurality of blades attached to the drive shaft and extending radially outwardly therefrom; a generator assembly coupled to the drive shaft and effective for generating electrical power; and a housing having an inner chamber for receiving the plurality of blades and a wind directional apparatus that operates to adjust the speed of the wind and to channel wind along a desired flow pathway towards the plurality of blades.
Claims 1. A wind generator system comprising: a rotor mounted to a drive shaft; one or more blades attached to said rotor and extending radially outwardly from said rotor; a generator assembly coupled to said drive shaft and effective for generating electrical power; and a housing having an inner chamber for receiving said rotor and said one or more blades and a wind directional apparatus that operates to adjust wind speed and to channel the wind into a desired flow pathway towards said one or more blades. 2. The wind generator system of claim 1 further comprising means for sensing the direction and speed of wind at the location of said housing. 3. The wind generator system of claim 1 further comprising sensing means for monitoring the electrical power output of the wind generator system. 4. The wind generator system of claim 1 further comprising sensing means for monitoring the operational efficiency of the wind generator system. 5. The wind generator system of claim 2 further comprising communication and control means coupled to said sensing means and whereby said communication and control means can communicate with an outside monitoring system. 6. The wind generator system of claim 5 whereby said communication and control means of one wind generator system can communicate with said communication and control means of another wind generator system. 7. The wind generator system of claim 1 wherein each of said blades comprises an aerodynamic adjustment element for adjusting the aerodynamic characteristic of each of said blades. 8. The wind generator system of claim 7 wherein said aerodynamic element is a thin film substrate. 9. The wind generator system of claim 7 wherein said aerodynamic element is a metallic coating substrate. 10. The wind generator system of claim 7 wherein said aerodynamic element is formed from a shaped memory alloy. 11. The wind generator of claim 10 wherein said shaped memory alloy is Nitinol. 12. The wind generator of claim 1 further comprises a pulley apparatus having a loop and is coupled to said drive shaft; and means for creating a temperature differential along a portion of said loop; wherein said loop is effective for increasing the rotational speed of said drive shaft when acted upon by said means for creating a temperature differential along a portion of said loop. 13. The wind generator of claim 12 wherein said loop is formed from a shaped memory alloy. 14. The wind generator system of claim 1 wherein said blades comprises a photovoltaic substrate operable for generating electrical power. 15. The wind generator system of claim 14 wherein said photovoltaic substrate operates in response to infrared light. 16. The wind generator system of claim 1 wherein said wind directional apparatus comprises a plurality of rotatable slats. 17. A wind generator system comprising: at least two rotors mounted to a drive shaft; each rotor having a plurality of blades attached thereto and extending radially outwardly from said rotor; a generator assembly coupled to said drive shaft and effective for generating electrical power; and a housing having an inner chamber for receiving each said rotor and said plurality of blades and a wind directional apparatus that operates to adjust wind speed and to channel the wind into a desired flow pathway towards said plurality of blades. 18. The wind generator system of claim 17 wherein said wind directional apparatus comprises a plurality of rotatable slats. 19. The wind generator system of claim 18 wherein said slats comprises images thereon that change when said slats rotate. 20. The wind generator system of claim 17 further comprising means for sensing the direction and speed of wind at the location of said housing. 21. The wind generator system of claim 17 further comprising sensing means for monitoring the electrical power output of the wind generator system. 22. The wind generator system of claim 17 further comprising sensing means for monitoring the operational efficiency of the wind generator system. 23. The wind generator system of claim 17 wherein each of said blades comprises an aerodynamic adjustment element for adjusting the aerodynamic characteristic of each of said blades. 24. The wind generator system of claim 23 wherein said aerodynamic element is a thin film substrate. 25. The wind generator system of claim 23 wherein said aerodynamic element is a metallic coating substrate. 26. The wind generator system of claim 23 wherein said aerodynamic element is formed from a Nitinol (NiTi) alloy. 27. The wind generator system of claim 17 wherein said blades comprises a photovoltaic substrate operable for generating electrical power. 28. The wind generator system of claim 27 wherein said photovoltaic substrate operates in response to infrared light. 29. The wind generator system of claim 21 further comprising communication and control means coupled to said sensing means and whereby said communication and control means can communicate with an outside monitoring system. 30. The wind generator system of claim 29 whereby said communication and control means of one wind generator system can communicate with said communication and control means of another wind generator system. 