Novel means for the inexpensive long-term storage on farms of hydrogen produced from wind power or solar energy is provided. The means allow hydrogen stored at near-ambient temperature and pressure to heat farm buildings and crop dryers many months after the hydrogen has been produced, at projected initial cost savings of 92% to 96% of the initial cost of present state of the art storage means. The novel means include inflatable and deflatable balloons protected by shields which, because they are not subjected to the stresses and loads of pressurized gas or liquid heads and because they rest on relatively cheap rural lands, are lightweight and cost-effective despite their bulk.
Claims 1. A method for storing and releasing hydrogen gas at near-ambient temperature and pressure comprising: a) providing a plurality of large inflatable and deflatable balloons whose skin is nearly impermeable to hydrogen; b) gradually inflating each balloon with near-ambient temperature and pressure hydrogen gas produced by a renewable source of energy during months when little heat is needed from the combustion of said hydrogen; c) gradually deflating each balloon by emptying its near-ambient temperature and pressure hydrogen gas during months when heat obtainable by burning said hydrogen is needed; d) protecting the balloons in a space shielded against external causes of rupture; e) piping said hydrogen gas from its point of generation to the storage balloons and to a hydrogen-burning heat source; f) piping said hydrogen gas directly from said storage balloons to said hydrogen-burning heat source; g) providing a sensor to measure the concentration of oxygen in said stored hydrogen; h) providing a sensor to measure the concentration of hydrogen in the air within the shielded spaces surrounding the balloons; i) providing means for rapidly emptying the balloons to the outside atmosphere if the sensed concentration of oxygen in the hydrogen ever approaches the hydrogen flammability threshold; and j) providing means for rapidly emptying the balloons to the outside atmosphere if the sensed concentration of hydrogen in the air spaces within the protected spaces enclosing the balloons ever approaches the flammability threshold. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the balloons are made of metallized polyethylene phthalate polymer film. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the balloons are sized to store enough hydrogen to heat a farmhouse through most of the winter and heat a crop dryer through most of the harvest. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein the renewable source of energy comprises a windmill, an electric generator, and an electrolyzer. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein the renewable source of energy comprises photovoltaic solar cells and an electrolyzer. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein the balloons are housed within thin-walled, rigid, protective shields made of materials selected from the class comprising metal, concrete, cement, plastics, and composites. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein the protective shields are unpressurized and ventilated to the atmosphere. 8. The method of claim 6, wherein the protective shields are hollow cylinders. 9. The method of claim 6, wherein the protective shields are tubes having a polygonal cross-section. 10. The method of claim 6, wherein said shields protect the balloons against water, wind and snow. 11. A storage device for providing gaseous hydrogen to hydrogen-burning heat sources, the storage device comprising: a) an inflatable and deflatable balloon whose skin is nearly impermeable to hydrogen and having at least one gas-conveying opening; b) a volume of gaseous hydrogen stored within said balloon at near-ambient temperature and pressure; c) a rigid shield for protecting said balloon against rupture; and d) means of piping hydrogen gas to and from the balloon. 12. The device of claim 11, wherein the balloon skin is made of metallized polyethylene phthalate polymer film. 13. The device of claim 11, wherein said rigid shield is arranged to protect the balloon against water, snow and wind. 14. The device of claim 11, wherein said rigid shield is ventilated to the atmosphere. 15. The device of claim 11, wherein said rigid shield is a hollow cylinder. 16. The device of claim 11, wherein the said rigid shield is a tube whose cross-section is a regular polygon. 17. The device of claim 11, wherein the walls of the rigid shield are selected from the class of materials comprising metal, concrete, cement, plastics, and composites. 18. The device of claim 11, further comprising: a) a sensor to monitor the oxygen concentration inside the balloon; b) sensor to monitor the hydrogen concentration in the air space inside the rigid shield; c) a safety relief valve for the rapid release of hydrogen from the balloon to the atmosphere when one of the sensors detects a gas composition approaching a flammability threshold; d) a hydrogen flowmeter; and e) a hydrogen volume totalizer 19. A system for generating, storing, releasing, and burning hydrogen gas, comprising: a) a source of electricity powered by a renewable form of energy; b) a switch means, including control means, connecting the electrical output of said source of electricity to an electrolyzer; c) an electrolyzer adapted to dissociate water into hydrogen and oxygen by electrolysis; d) a device for storing hydrogen gas at near-ambient temperature and pressure during any one season and releasing it in a subsequent season; e) means to generate heat by burning said stored hydrogen gas; f) means of transferring hydrogen gas from said electrolyzer to said hydrogen gas storing device and to said hydrogen-burning heat-generating means; and g) means of transferring heat from said heat-generating means to a heat-consuming structure. 20. A system according to claim 19, wherein said source of electricity is an electric generator powered by a windmill. 21. A system according to claim 19, wherein said source of electricity is an array of photovoltaic solar cells. 22. A system according to claim 19, wherein said device for storing hydrogen is the device of claim 11. 23. A system according to claim 19, wherein said heat-consuming structure is a farmhouse. 24. A system according to claim 19, wherein said heat-consuming structure is a crop dryer. 25. A system according to claim 19, further comprising: a) means of transferring oxygen gas to the heat-generating means of claim 19; b) means to utilize said oxygen gas as the oxidant for the combustion of hydrogen in said heat-generating means; c) means of condensing into pure water the water vapor produced by the combustion of hydrogen; and d) means of conveying said pure water to said electrolyzer, to be electrolyzed into more hydrogen and more oxygen. 