An integrated module frame and racking system for a solar panel is disclosed. The solar panel comprises a plurality of solar modules and a plurality of splices for coupling the plurality of solar modules together. The plurality of splices provide a way to make the connected modules mechanically rigid both during transport to the roof and after mounting for the lifetime of the system, provide wiring connections between modules, provide an electrical grounding path for the modules, provide a way to add modules to the panel, and provide a way to remove or change a defective module. Connector sockets are provided on the sides of the modules to simplify the electrical assembly of modules when the modules are connected together with splices.
Claims 1. A solar panel comprising: a plurality of solar modules, each of the solar modules include a plurality of connector sockets placed such that improper wiring based on cable length is prevented and placed such that at least one connector socket of one solar module is aligned with the connector socket of another solar module when coupled together; and a plurality of splices for coupling the plurality of solar modules together; wherein the plurality of splices provides rigidity wherein each of the plurality of splices provides a grounding path and a stop for the modules, each of the plurality of splices comprising: a body for coupling two solar modules together; a coupling mechanism on the body for causing a press-fit coupling of two solar modules; and a secure mechanism for securing the body to at least one of the two solar modules. 2. The solar panel of claim 1 wherein the coupling mechanism comprises one or more raised features on the body. 3. The solar panel of claim 1 wherein the secure mechanism comprises one or more screws. 4. The solar panel of claim 1 wherein each of the solar modules include a plurality of connector sockets designed so that improper wiring is prevented by the shape of the connector socket. 5. The solar panel of claim 1 wherein each of the modules include a groove extending along the solar module; the groove for receiving a bracket, the bracket for securing the solar panel to a structure. 6. The solar panel of claim 1 wherein each of the solar modules is a solar thermal module. 7. The solar panel of claim 1 wherein the splice is internal to the solar modules. 8. The solar panel of claim 1 wherein the splice is external to the solar modules. 9. The solar panel of claim 1 wherein each of the splices includes a first raised feature providing a stop for the splice and a second raised feature for providing a grounding path for one or more of the splices. 10. The solar panel of claim 1 wherein the body is tapered. 11. The solar panel of claim 1 wherein mounting brackets are pre-installed on each of the modules and used to securely stack modules and other installation components for shipment. 12. A solar panel comprising: a plurality of solar modules, each of the solar modules include a plurality of connector sockets placed such that improper wiring based on cable length is prevented and placed such that at least one connector socket of one solar module is aligned with the connector socket of another solar modules when coupled together; wherein each of the modules include a groove extending along the solar module; the groove for receiving a bracket, the bracket for securing the solar panel to a structure; and a plurality of splices for coupling the plurality of solar modules together; wherein the plurality of slices provides rigidity, wherein each of the plurality of splices includes; a first raised feature for providing a stop on one of the plurality of solar modules and second raised feature for providing a grounding path for one or more of the solar modules each of the plurality of splices comprising: a body for coupling two solar modules together; a coupling mechanism on the body for causing a press-fit coupling of two solar modules; and a secure mechanism for securing the body to at least one of the two solar modules, wherein the body is tapered. 13. The solar panel of claim 12 wherein each of the solar modules is a solar thermal module. 14. The solar panel of claim 12 wherein the splice is internal to the solar modules. 15. The solar panel of claim 12 wherein the splice is external to the solar modules. 16. A solar panel comprising: a plurality of solar modules each of the solar modules include a plurality of connector sockets placed such that improper wiring based on cable length is prevented by the shape of the connector socket, wherein each of the connector sockets are placed such that at least one connector socket of one solar module is aligned with the connector socket of another solar module when coupled together; wherein each of the modules include a groove extending along the solar module; the groove for receiving a bracket, the bracket for securing the solar panel to a structure; wherein a continuous groove is provided when the plurality of solar modules are coupled together; and a plurality of splices for coupling the plurality of solar modules together; wherein each of the solar module includes a plurality of apertures, at least one of the plurality of apertures capable of receiving one of the plurality of splices, wherein the solar module is rigidly coupled to another module when a splice is coupled therebetween; wherein each of the plurality of splices provides a grounding path and a stop for the modules, each of the plurality of splices comprising: a body for coupling two solar modules together; a coupling mechanism on the body for causing a press-fit coupling of two solar modules; and a secure mechanism for securing the body to at least one of the two solar modules; wherein the coupling mechanism comprise one or more raised features on the body. 17. The solar panel of claim 16 wherein the secure mechanism comprises any of or any combination of one or more screws, a cam type compression device, apres fir device, a toothed barb device, a spring clip attachment, a through pin and an expandable section on the splice. 