A device for the wire-free determination of a position (4, 5, 6) of a mechanical force-transmitting device (2a), having at least one storage device (11) for storing electrical energy, at least one sensor element (10) which detects the position and is monitored by at least one sensor electronic unit (7), comprising at least one radio transmitter, and at least one photovoltaic energy supply device (8) supplying the storage device (11) with electrical energy.
Claims 1. A device for the wire-free determination of a position (4, 5, 6) of a mechanical force-transmitting device (2a), comprising: at least one storage device (11) for storing electrical energy; at least one sensor element (10) which detects the position of the mechanical force-transmitting device; at least one sensor electronic unit (7), comprising at least one radio transmitter for monitoring the at least one sensor element; and at least one photovoltaic energy supply device (8) which supplies the at least one storage device (11) with electrical energy. 2. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein an actuation of a sensor element (10) activates the sensor electronic unit (7). 3. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein at least one timer circuit (12) is connected to the storage device (11) and activates the sensor electronic unit (7) at predetermined or predeterminable time intervals. 4. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic energy supply device (8) is embedded in a faceplate (3) of a mechanical force-transmitting device (2a). 5. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the storage device (11) is an electrical capacitor and/or an electrochemical accumulator. 6. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the sensor element (10) is a magnetic field detector, preferably a magnet-actuated reed contact. 7. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the sensor element is arranged at an end position of the mechanical force-transmitting device (2a). 8. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the mechanical force-transmitting device (2a) has a magnetic region. 9. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the mechanical force-transmitting device (2a) is a lever and/or a shaft and/or a wheel and/or a rod, for example a connecting rod, and/or a piston. 