A communications system for one or more of a community's public safety resources is upgraded to include a public safety network. Assets owned by one of the public safety resources may be controlled over the network from a remote command center that compiles information from the network-enabled resources in the community to enhance the ability of the assets to effectively deployed in an emergency situation. The upgraded communications system at the public safety resources also enables trusted resources, such as the assets owned by the public safety resources, to access the network and communicate with additional trusted resources throughout the community. Additionally, the public safety network may be extended using mobile transceivers to form an ad hoc network in the event part of the infrastructure supporting the network is lost.
Claims 1. A method of extending a wireless network, the method comprising: upgrading a communications system at one or more of a community's public safety resources to include a node of a wireless network at each of the one or more public safety resources, where the wireless network includes a command center for the emergency response system and each of the nodes functions both as a router of information traveling in the network and a destination for information from the command center to a public safety resource associated with the node; communicating information from the control center to the one or more public safety resources regarding an emergency situation by way of the wireless network; and communicating control information to the one or more public safety resources by way of the wireless network for controlling assets owned by the one or more public safety resources. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein the wireless network is a public safety network and the upgrading further includes upgrading the communications system at one or more of the nodes to include a transceiver supporting a public access network. 3. The method of claim 1 including communicating information from at least one of the (1) public safety resource and (2) control center to a trusted resource by way of the wireless network. 4. The method of claim 3 wherein the trusted resource is at least one of a (1) emergency response vehicle and (2) an emergency first responder. 5. The method of claim 1 wherein the public safety resource is at least one of a (1) police station and (2) a fire station. 6. The method of claim 5 wherein the assets are at least one of (1) a garage door, (2) an exhaust fan, (3) an audible alarm, (4) a visual alarm, and (5) a display terminal (6) interior lights (7) external emergency warning lights for traffic (8) printer. 7. The method of claim 1 wherein the upgrading of the communications system includes providing a power source for one or more of the nodes that is local to the node's public safety resource. 8. The method of claim 7 wherein the local power source is one or more of a battery, solar cell and fuel cell. 9. The method of claim 1 wherein one or more of the nodes support wireless communications at 4.9 GHz. 10. A method of installing public safety and public access networks comprising: upgrading a communications system at a public safety resource to include one or more nodes extending public safety and public access networks, where the communications system provides public safety information to the public safety resource; sending information over the public safety network to the one or more nodes to control assets owned by the public safety resource; accessing a remote resource unrelated to the public safety resource by way of the one or more nodes supporting the public access network; and monitoring at a remote site in the public safety network performance of the assets owned by the public safety resource as the assets respond to the sent information. 11. The method of claim 10 including communicating information to a trusted resource by way of the public safety network from at least one of the (1) public safety resource and (2) a control center remotely located from the public safety resource. 12. The method of claim 11 wherein the trusted resource is at least one of a (1) emergency response vehicle and (2) an emergency first responder. 13. The method of claim 10 wherein the public safety resource is at least one of a (1) police station and (2) a fire station. 14. The method of claim 13 wherein the assets owned by the public safety resource include one or more of (1) a garage door, (2) an exhaust fan, (3) an audible alarm, (4) a visual alarm, (5) a display terminal, (6) interior lights (7) external emergency warning lights for traffic and (8) printer. 15. The method of claim 10 wherein the upgrading of the communications system includes providing a power source for one or more of the nodes that is local to the node's public safety resource. 16. The method of claim 15 wherein the local power source is one or more of a battery, solar cell and fuel cell. 17. The method of claim 10 wherein the communications system is a dedicated communications system in which each node in the system is a terminal able to route information to other nodes of the communications system. 18. A public safety system comprising: a node at a public safety resource that extends public safety and public access networks to include an area about the public safety resource; a control center remote from the public safety resource for sending information over the public safety network to the node to control assets owned by the public safety resource; electronics associated with the node for controlling functions of the assets in accordance with the information from the control center; a first terminal communicating with the node to send information over the public safety network; and a second terminal communicating with the node for sending information over the public access network. 19. The public safety system of claim 18 wherein the node is a router and terminal point in the public safety network such that data is routed through the node to other nodes of the public safety network associated with other public safety resources. 20. The public safety system of claim 18 wherein the first terminal includes controls for controlling assets owned by the other public safety resources. 