An array of photovoltaic (PV) module(s) is arranged in series and/or parallel electrical connection to deliver direct current electrical power to an electrolyzer to produce hydrogen. The electric power is delivered by the array at its maximum power point (V.sub.mpp) to deliver I.sub.oper at V.sub.oper for the electrolyzer. The arrangement of the PV modules in the array, or the arrangement of cells in the electrolyzer, is continually monitored and controlled by an automatic controller system to operate the PV and electrolyzer systems at or near their respective maximum efficiencies. A DC-DC converter may be used to adjust the V.sub.mpp to the operating voltage of the electrolyzer.
Claims 1. A method for operation of a hydrogen-producing electrolyzer powered by two or more available photovoltaic modules, an array of modules, irradiated by sunlight, the electrolyzer having two or more electrolytic cells and having an operating direct current and an operating voltage, one or more photovoltaic modules being connectable in parallel or series circuit arrangement to form different arrays of module(s) for delivery of direct current power to the electrolyzer cells where a given array of module(s) may include less than the total number of available modules, the method comprising: pre-determining maximum power point operating voltages for representative arrays of module(s); determining an operating current and operating voltage for the electrolyzer for a desired hydrogen production rate; and selecting and employing a photovoltaic array of module(s), as a presently operating array, to operate at its maximum power point voltage for delivery of the determined operating current and operating voltage to the electrolyzer. 2. A method for operation of a hydrogen-producing electrolyzer as recited in claim 1, the method further comprising: continually monitoring the operating voltage of the presently operating photovoltaic array of modules; and selecting and employing a new array of modules to operate at its maximum power point voltage for delivery of the determined operating current and operating voltage to the electrolyzer when the presently operating array of modules is not operating at its maximum power point voltage. 3. A method for operation of a hydrogen-producing electrolyzer as recited in claim 2 in which a presently operating array of modules is converted to a new array of modules by the switching of electrical connections between two or more modules. 4. A method for operation of a hydrogen-producing electrolyzer as recited in claim 2 in which a presently operating array of modules is converted to a new array of modules by the substitution of one or more different modules. 5. A method for operation of a hydrogen-producing electrolyzer as recited in claim 1, the method further comprising: interconnecting a DC-DC converter between a presently operating array of module(s) and the electrolyzer to improve the match between the maximum power point voltage of the presently operating array and the operating voltage of the electrolyzer. 6. A method for operation of a hydrogen-producing electrolyzer as recited in claim 1, the method further comprising: continually measuring the operating temperature of the module(s) in the presently operating array, and cooling the modules in the presently operating array when the operating temperature increases and lowers the maximum power point voltage of the array. 7. A method for operation of a hydrogen-producing electrolyzer as recited in claim 6 comprising using a flow of a cooling fluid on the module or modules to decrease the steady-state module operating temperature. 8. A method for operation of a hydrogen-producing electrolyzer as recited in claim 2 in which the new array of modules comprises more modules in series connection than the previous array of modules. 9. A method for operation of a hydrogen-producing electrolyzer powered by an array of photovoltaic modules irradiated by sunlight, the electrolyzer having a plurality of electrolytic cells connectable in parallel or series arrangement and having an operating direct current and an operating voltage, the photovoltaic modules being connectable in parallel or series arrangement to form different arrays for delivery of direct current power to the electrolyzer, the method comprising: pre-determining maximum power point operating voltages for representative arrays of the modules; determining a first operating current and operating voltage for the electrolyzer for a desired hydrogen production rate; selecting a first array of the photovoltaic modules to operate at its maximum power point voltage for delivery of the determined operating current and operating voltage to the electrolyzer; and thereafter altering the hydrogen production rate of the electrolyzer by changing its operation to a second operating current and operating voltage; and selecting a second array of the photovoltaic modules to operate at a second array maximum power point voltage for delivery of the second operating current and operating voltage to the electrolyzer. 10. A method for continuously optimizing the operation of a solar-powered photovoltaic-electrolyzer system to generate hydrogen, the electrolyzer being powered by a group of two or more available photovoltaic modules irradiated by sunlight, the electrolyzer having two or more electrolytic cells connectable in series or parallel circuits with variable operating direct current values and operating voltage values, the photovoltaic system comprising one or more photovoltaic modules connectable in parallel or series circuit arrangement to form different arrays of module(s) for delivery of direct current power to the electrolyzer cells where a given array may include less than the total number of available modules; the method comprising: continually measuring the operating voltage and current of the photovoltaic-electrolyzer system; continually measuring the operating temperature of the photovoltaic modules; and using a pre-programmed computer control system, comprising a mainframe or microprocessor and associated circuits, switches, and wiring, to continually receive present values of system operating current and voltage, and photovoltaic module temperature and to use the values to select and employ a present photovoltaic array of module(s) having a maximum power point close to the present operating voltage of the electrolyzer system, the computer having a database of maximum power point values related to operating temperatures for available photovoltaic arrays of module(s). 11. A method for continuously optimizing the operation of a solar-powered photovoltaic-electrolyzer system as recited in claim 10 in which the pre-programmed computer control system, comprising a mainframe or microprocessor and associated circuits, switches, and wiring, controls the number of photovoltaic modules connected in series and in parallel circuits to maintain the optimum operating voltage. 12. A method for continuously optimizing the operation of a solar-powered photovoltaic-electrolyzer system as recited in claim 11 in which the pre-programmed computer, comprising a mainframe or microprocessor and associated circuits, switches, and wiring, directs the substitution of a new photovoltaic array of modules for a present array of modules by the switching of electrical connections between one or more modules. 13. A method for continuously optimizing the operation of a solar-powered photovoltaic-electrolyzer system as recited in claim 11 in which the pre-programmed computer, comprising a mainframe or microprocessor and associated circuits, switches, and wiring, directs the substitution of a new photovoltaic array of modules for a present array of modules by the substitution of one or more different modules. 14. A method for continuously optimizing the operation of a solar-powered photovoltaic-electrolyzer system as recited in claim 10 in which the pre-programmed computer control system, comprising a mainframe or microprocessor and associated circuits, switches, and wiring, controls the output voltage of a DC-DC converter to adjust the maximum power point voltage of the presently operating array of modules closer to the operating voltage of the electrolyzer. 15. A method for continuously optimizing the operation of a solar-powered photovoltaic-electrolyzer system as recited in claim 10 in which the pre-programmed computer control system, comprising a mainframe or microprocessor and associated circuits, switches, and wiring, controls the number of electrolysis cells connected in series and in parallel circuits in the electrolyzer to maintain the optimum system operating voltage. 