A method for the manufacture of solar panels from scrapped wafers and/or scrapped dies is provided, including the following steps: identifying scrap wafers and/or scrap dies; cleaning and removing remaining structures from the surface of the wafers/dies; grinding both surfaces of the wafers/dies down to a required thickness; doping the wafers/dies; and further processing the wafers/dies using a solar panel manufacturing method.
Claims 1. A method for the manufacture of solar panels from at least one of a scrapped wafer and a scrapped die, comprising the steps of: a) identifying at least one of a scrap wafer and a scrap die; b) cleaning and removing remaining structures from the surface of the wafer or die; c) grinding both surfaces of the wafer die down to a required thickness; d) doping the wafer or die; and e) further processing the wafer or die using a solar panel manufacturing method. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein, when using at least one scrapped die, the die is mounted on a die carrier before the removing step. 3. The method of claim 2, wherein the carrier is a flat plate with an individual slot for each die. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein a scrap wafer or die is identified by monitoring at least one of thickness, flatness and electrical performance. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein cleaning of a wafer or die is carried out by wet cleaning. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein removing remaining structures is accomplished by etching. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein the etching comprises a selective wet etch. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein the grinding is carried out to a thickness of 300 .mu.m. 9. The method of claim 1, wherein the wafer is laser cut into square panels after the grinding step. 10. The method of claim 1, wherein the wafer or die is n+-doped by adding a glass layer having a phosphorus doping content. 11. The method of claim 1, wherein the further processing includes frontside and backside contacting of the wafer or die. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein the frontside and backside contacting is carried out by using a printing method. 13. The method of claim 3, wherein the flat plate is made of a metallic and conductive material. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein said metallic and conductive material is steel. 