A method for spacecraft power acquisition is provided using single-axis slit sun sensors for both wing-stowed and wing-deployed spacecraft configurations. The method for wing-deployed spacecraft includes initializing a solar wing of the spacecraft to search for sun; rotating the spacecraft about a search axis substantially parallel to a slit sun sensor field of view; monitoring the slit sun sensor for a time of arrival signal; and wherein, if the time of arrival signal occurs, the spacecraft is rotated along the search axis to an orientation where the time of arrival signal occurred and the spacecraft is placed in stable rotation about an axis substantially parallel to a solar wing longitudinal axis; and for a non-occurrence of the time of arrival signal, the spacecraft is slewed about a keyhole axis substantially perpendicular to the search axis to move the sun away from a keyhole.
Claims 1. A method for a spacecraft power acquisition, comprising: initializing a solar wing of the spacecraft to search for sun; rotating the spacecraft about a search axis substantially parallel to a single-axis slit sun sensor field of view; and monitoring the slit sun sensor for a time of arrival signal; wherein, if the time of arrival signal occurs, the spacecraft is rotated along the search axis to an orientation where the time of arrival signal occurred and the spacecraft is placed in stable rotation about an axis substantially parallel to a solar wing longitudinal axis; and for a non-occurrence of the time of arrival signal, the spacecraft is slewed about a keyhole axis substantially perpendicular to the search axis to move the sun away from a keyhole. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the spacecraft is sleeved for a predetermined angle. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the initial state of the spacecraft is in nominal on-station operations. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein the initial state of the spacecraft is in wing-deployed, transfer orbit operations. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein the final state of the spacecraft is in y-spin with a sun polar angle near 90.degree.. 6. The method of claim 1, further comprising monitoring peak panel current over a spin period to determine if the current is below a safety threshold. 7. The method of claim 1, further comprising: stopping the spacecraft; and resetting attitude to remember orientation. 8. The method of claim 7, wherein the attitude estimate is reset to identity and attitude command is reset to identity to place sun in xz plane. 9. A method for spacecraft power acquisition, comprising: rotating the spacecraft about a search axis substantially parallel to a slit sun sensor field of view; monitoring the slit sun sensor for a time of arrival signal; wherein, if the time of arrival signal occurs, the spacecraft is rotated along the search axis to orient solar panels toward the sun and placed in stable spin about an axis substantially perpendicular to the search axis and the solar panels; and for a non-occurrence of the time of arrival signal, the spacecraft is stopped and then slewed about a keyhole axis substantially perpendicular to the search axis. 10. The method of claim 9, wherein the spacecraft is slewed for a predetermined angle. 11. The method of claim 9, wherein the initial state of the spacecraft is in arbitrary attitude. 12. The method of claim 9, wherein the final state of the spacecraft is in x-spin with a sun polar angle of near 90 degrees. 13. The method of claim 9, further comprising: stopping the spacecraft; and resetting attitude to remember orientation. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein the attitude estimate is reset to identity and attitude command is reset to z-rotate an additional 90 degrees without stopping. 15. A spacecraft having a body reference frame with three mutually perpendicular axes, comprising a roll axis, a pitch axis, and a yaw axis, said spacecraft comprising: a solar wing having a plurality of solar panels; a single-axis slit sun sensor for providing a time of arrival signal; a set of gyros used to propagate attitude estimate; wherein the spacecraft performs a yaw search phase by rotating the spacecraft about the yaw axis; wherein if the sun is detected crossing a field of view of the single-axis slit sun sensor, the spacecraft goes to power safe spin; and wherein if the sun is not detected crossing a field of view of the single-axis slit sun sensor, the spacecraft is slewed to move the sun away from keyhole and then the yaw search is retried. 16. The spacecraft of claim 15, wherein the spacecraft is slewed for a predetermined angle. 17. The spacecraft of claim 15, wherein the initial state of the spacecraft is in an arbitrary attitude. 18. The spacecraft of claim 17, wherein the final state of the spacecraft is in an x-spin with a sun polar angle of near 90.degree.. 19. The spacecraft of claim 15, wherein the initial state of the spacecraft is in a nominal on-station operations. 20. The spacecraft of claim 15, wherein the initial state of the spacecraft is in a wing-deployed transfer orbit operations. 21. The spacecraft of claim 19, wherein the final state of the spacecraft is in a y-spin with a sun polar angle near 90.degree.. 