A task light system for mounting to a computer component, including a housing with an aperture, a light source, and a mounting structure such that light escapes to illuminate a workspace when desired and levels of light may be adjusted. The task light system of the present invention also includes embodiments with mechanical and electronic light level controls for customizable workplace lighting.
Claims 1. A task light system, comprising (a) a housing having at least one aperture; (b) a light means positioned within the housing adjacent the aperture; (c) a mounting means wherein the mounting means operably engages the housing and is adapted to be removably attached to a structural device in a worker's task zone. 2. The task light system of claim 1 further comprising a light control means operably engaged to the light means. 3. The task light system of claim 2 wherein the light control means comprises a cover movably connected to the housing, and wherein the cover may be moved to eclipse the aperture in any segment of the range from zero percent to one-hundred percent. 4. The task light system of claim 3 wherein the cover rotates about the housing. 5. The task light system of claim 2 wherein the light control means comprises a potentiometer. 6. The task light system of claim 2 wherein the light control means comprises a microprocessor. 7. The task light system of claim 6 wherein the user adjusts the light level using a graphic user interface (GUI). 8. The task light system of claim 1 wherein the light means comprises one or more fluorescent light bulbs. 9. The task light system of claim 8 wherein the one or more fluorescent light comprise one or more cold cathode fluorescent light bulbs. 10. The task light system of claim 1 wherein the light means comprises one or more light emitting diodes. 11. The task light system of claim 1 wherein the light means comprises a light source with a color temperature in the range from approximately 3000 Kelvins to approximately 6000 Kelvins. 12. The task light system of claim 1 wherein the light means comprises a light source with an illuminance in the range from approximately 50 foot candles to approximately 200 foot candles. 13. The task light system of claim 1 wherein the housing includes a reflective interior surface. 14. The task light system of claim 1 wherein the light means comprises a power source operably engaged to the light source. 15. The task light system of claim 14 wherein the power source is external to the housing. 16. The task light system of claim 14 wherein the power source converts alternating current to direct current. 17. The task light system of claim 14 wherein the power source comprises a computer component. 18. The task light system of claim 17 wherein the power source is supplied by the computer component via a universal serial bus (USB) port. 19. The task light system of claim 14 wherein the power source converts solar energy to electrical power. 20. The task light system of claim 14 wherein the power source comprises one or more batteries. 21. The task light system of claim 1 wherein the mounting means secures the task light system to a computer component. 22. The task light system of claim 21 wherein the computer component comprises a monitor. 23. The task light system of claim 21 wherein the computer component comprises a central processing unit. 24. The task light system of claim 21 wherein the computer component comprises a support for a monitor. 25. The task light system of claim 21 wherein the computer component comprises a support for a central processing unit. 26. The task light system of claim 21 wherein the mounting means comprises an engagement means to secure the housing to the mounting means. 27. The task light system of claim 26 wherein the engagement means releasably secures the housing to the mounting means. 28. The task light system of claim 27 wherein the engagement means comprises a flexible ball joint adapted to secure the housing to the mounting means. 29. The task light system of claim 27 wherein the engagement means rotatably secures the housing to the mounting means. 30. The task light system of claim 26 wherein the mounting means further comprises (a) an inner frame member, the inner frame member having a slot; (b) a substantially hollow outer frame member for receiving the inner frame member to adjust a width of the task light system; and (c) a locking adjustment means to cooperate with the inner and outer frame members through the slot to adjust the width of the task light system. 31. The task light system of claim 30 wherein the adjustment means comprises a knob adapted to tighten and loosen the inner and outer frame members relative to each other. 32. The task light system of claim 26 wherein the mounting means comprises (a) two frame members; and (b) a connector means to adjust a width of the task light system. 33. The task light system of claim 32 wherein the connector means comprises two frame end members and a frame connector member operably engaged with the frame members. 34. The task light system of claim 33 wherein the connector means further comprises an adjustment means to cooperate with the frame members through the frame connector member to adjust the width of the task light system. 35. The task light system of claim 34 wherein the adjustment means comprises a knob adapted to immobilize or mobilize the frame members relative to each other. 36. The task light system of claim 34 wherein the frame connector member further comprises an internal ratchet connector, wherein the frame members include at least one saw-tooth edge which is operably engaged with the internal ratchet connector, and the adjustment means operably engages the ratchet connector to adjust the width of the task light system. 37. The task light system of claim 36 wherein the adjustment means comprises a knob engaged with the ratchet connector to turn the ratchet connector clockwise or counterclockwise. 38. The task light system of claim 34 wherein the adjustment means comprises a spring button and a reset knob, whereby the spring button operates to allow movement of the frame members to increase the width of task light system, whereby the reset knob operates to allow movement of the frame members to decrease the width of task light system, and whereby frame members are substantially immobile relative to each other otherwise. 39. The task light system of claim 34 wherein the adjustment means further comprises a switch, whereby when the switch is open, the engagement between the frame members is adjustable, and when the switch is closed, the frame members are substantially immobile relative to each other. 40. The task light system of claim 26 wherein the mounting means comprises at least two members spring-mounted to the housing and capable of exacting opposing forces such that a compression force secures the task light system to computer component. 41. The task light system of claim 26 wherein the mounting means comprises at least one connector member movably attached to a mounting clamp. 42. The task light system of claim 41 wherein the connector member comprises two disks fixed together and rotatable in substantially opposing directions. 43. The task light system of claim 41 wherein the connector member engages and articulates the housing and the mounting clamp relative to each other. 44. The task light system of claim 41 wherein the mounting means further comprises at least two connector members movably attached to at least one arm member. 45. The task light system of claim 44 wherein the connector members engage and articulate the arm member, the housing, and the mounting clamp relative to each other. 46. The task light system of claim 41 wherein the mounting clamp removably secures the task light system to a computer component. 47. The task light system of claim 46 wherein the mounting clamp secures the task light system to a monitor. 48. The task light system of claim 46 wherein the mounting clamp secures the task light system to a central processing unit. 49. The task light system of claim 46 wherein the mounting clamp secures the task light system to a support for a monitor. 50. The task light system of claim 46 wherein the mounting clamp secures the task light system to a support for a central processing unit. 51. A task light system, comprising (a) a housing with an aperture; (b) at least one light source within the housing and adjacent the aperture, and (c) a mounting structure, wherein the mounting structure engages the housing. 52. The task light system of claim 51 further comprising a light controller operably engaged to the light source. 53. The task light system of claim 52 wherein the light controller comprises a cover. 54. The task light system of claim 53 wherein the cover is movably connected to the housing, and wherein the cover may be moved to eclipse the aperture in any segment of the range from zero percent to one-hundred percent. 55. The task light system of claim 54 wherein the cover rotates about the housing. 56. The task light system of claim 52 wherein the light controller comprises a potentiometer to control the light source. 57. The task light system of claim 52 wherein the light controller comprises a microprocessor. 58. The task light system of claim 51 wherein the user adjusts the light level using a graphic user interface (GUI). 59. The task light system of claim 51 wherein the light source comprises one or more fluorescent light bulbs. 60. The task light system of claim 59 wherein the one or more fluorescent light bulbs comprise one or more cold cathode fluorescent light bulbs. 61. The task light system of claim 51 wherein the light source comprises one or more light emitting diodes. 62. The task light system of claim 51 wherein the light source comprises a color temperature in the range from approximately 3000 Kelvins to approximately 6000 Kelvins. 63. The task light system of claim 51 wherein the light source has an illuminance in the range from approximately 50 foot candles to approximately 200 foot candles. 64. The task light system of claim 51 wherein the housing includes a reflective interior surface. 65. The task light system of claim 51 wherein the mounting structure secures the task light system to a computer component. 66. The task light system of claim 65 wherein the computer component comprises a monitor. 67. The task light system of claim 65 wherein the computer component comprises a central processing unit. 68. The task light system of claim 65 wherein the computer component comprises a support for a monitor. 69. The task light system of claim 65 wherein the computer component comprises a support for a central processing unit. 70. The task light system of claim 51 further comprising a power source. 71. The task light system of claim 70 wherein the power source is external to the housing. 72. The task light system of claim 70 wherein the power source converts alternating current power to direct current. 73. The task light system of claim 70 wherein the power source comprises a computer component. 74. The task light system of claim 73 wherein the power source is supplied by the computer component via a universal serial bus (USB) port. 75. The task light system of claim 70 wherein the power source converts solar energy to electrical power. 76. The task light system of claim 70 wherein the power source comprises one or more batteries. 77. The task light system of claim 51 wherein the mounting structure comprises an adhesive. 78. A task light system kit comprising (a) a plurality of interchangeable mounting structures and (b) a light source adapted to be removably attached to one of the plurality of interchangeable mounting structures, wherein the plurality of interchangeable mounting structures are adapted to removably attach the light source to a structural device in the worker's task zone. 79. The task light system kit of claim 78 further comprising a universal serial bus (USB) cable to connect the light source to a computer component's USB port. 80. The task light system kit of claim 79 further comprising graphical user interface software adapted to allow a user to adjust the power supplied to the computer component's USB port. 81. A task light system kit comprising (a) a mounting structure and (b) a plurality of interchangeable light sources adapted to be removably attached to the mounting structure, wherein the plurality of interchangeable light sources are adapted to provide adequate lighting for a variety of tasks in the worker's task zone. 82. The task light system kit of claim 81 further comprising a universal serial bus (USB) cable to connect the light source to a computer component's USB port. 83. The task light system kit of claim 82 further comprising graphical user interface software adapted to allow a user to adjust the power supplied to the computer component's USB port. 