The subject matter of the invention is a backup power system configured to be a UPS system, with a customer generation system (5) and with a network monitoring device with a switch topology a. including a first connection node, a.1 that is connected to the customer generation system (5) a.2 that is connected to at least one automatic disconnection switch including a first switch (411, 412), said first switch (411, 412) being disposed between the customer generation system (5) and a utility grid (1), and a.3 that is connected to a second switch (44) that is connected to one or several loads (6), b. said system including a second connection node (9) b.1 that is connected to said second switch (44) b.2 connected to said load (6), b.3 that is connected to a third switch (43) disposed between the utility grid (1) and the load (6) and b.4 that is connected to a fourth switch (45) to which there is connected a standalone inverter (7) with a storage device (71), c. and said system including a third connection node, c.1 connecting said first switch (411, 412) and said third switch (43) to said utility grid (1), d. said customer generation system (5) supplying an AC voltage that can be added to the circuit, in parallel to said utility grid (1), the grid monitoring device for opening said first switch (411, 412) being provided upon a failure of the utility grid.
Claims 1. A backup power system configured to be a UPS system, with a customer generation system (5) and with a network monitoring device characterized by a switch topology a. including a first connection node, a.1 that is connected to the customer generation system (5) a.2 that is connected to at least one automatic disconnection switch including a first switch (411, 412), said first switch (411, 412) being disposed between the customer generation system (5) and a utility grid (1), and a.3 that is connected to a second switch (44) connected to one or several loads (6), b. including a second connection node (9) b.1 that is connected to said second switch (44) b.2 connected to said load (6), b.3 that is connected to a third switch (43) disposed between the utility grid (1) and the load (6) and b.4 that is connected to a fourth switch (45) to which there is connected a standalone inverter (7) with a storage device (71), c. and including a third connection node, c.1 connecting said first switch (411, 412) and said third switch (43) to said utility grid (1), d. said customer generation system (5) supplying an AC voltage that can be added to the circuit, in parallel to said utility grid (1), the grid monitoring device for opening said first switch (411, 412) being provided upon a failure of the utility grid. 2. The backup power system as set forth in claim 1, characterized in, that each switch (411, 412, 43, 44, 45) is integrated in such a manner in an additional device (4) that each component is disposed in an appropriate box or in one or several control panels and that said additional device (4) is connected between the utility grid (1) and the customer generation system (5). 3. The backup power system as set forth in claim 2, characterized in that there is provided an island network detecting device for controlling the coupling of the customer generation system (5) to the utility grid (1) so that, when the grid (1) fails, the additional device (4) can be completely isolated from the grid. 4. The backup power system as set forth in claim 1, characterized by an implementation such that several customer generation systems (5) are adapted for parallel connection. 5. The backup power system as set forth in claim 1, characterized by an implementation such that several standalone inverters (7) are adapted for parallel connection. 6. The backup power system as set forth in claim 1, characterized by two connections for two separate power meters (2, 3), a first meter (2) connected to a automatic disconnection switch (42) being provided as an export meter (2) and a second meter (3) being provided, which is connected to a fourth switch (43) interposed between the grid (1) and the load (6) and is configured to be an import meter 7. The backup power system as set in claim 1, characterized in that another, more specifically fifth switch (46) is provided for adding an additional generator (8) to the circuit, said generator being different from a generator of the customer generation system, said generator (8), preferably a combustion engine generator, more specifically being a diesel generator. 8. The backup power system as set in claim 1, characterized in that the customer generation system includes at least one photovoltaic generation with at least one DC-AC inverter. 9. The backup power system as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that the standalone inverter (7) is voltage controlled so that, when the grid fails, the controller needs not be switched. 10. The backup power system as set forth in claim 2, characterized in that the additional device (4) contains an automatic disconnection switch (42) so that the network monitoring of the customer generation system can be set so as to be operable both in the grid parallel mode and in the island mode of operation. 11. The backup power system as set forth in claim 10, characterized in that the additional device (4) contains an automatic disconnection switch (42), and as a switch a transfer contactor (43), a contactor (44), a grid voltage meter (47) and a grid current meter (50). 12. The backup power system as set forth in claim 11, characterized in that the transfer contactor (43) is a two-pole contactor, the one pole being configured such that, upon switching from grid parallel operation to island operation, the pole of the contactor that is connected to the neutral conductor of the logical point (9) can be switched to PE by the neutral conductor of the grid (1). 13. The backup power system as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that, in island operation, the loads (6) may be completely supplied from the customer generation system (5) as long as the energy produced is greater than or equal to consumption. 14. The backup power system as set forth in claim 2, characterized in that network monitoring and island network detection provided in the additional device (4) rely on a passive or an active method. 15. The backup power system as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that in the event of a short in a load electric circuit during island operation and of the voltage drop at the logical point (9) related thereto, the contactor (45) remains closed until the standalone inverter (7) is capable of enabling the overload protection member of the load electric circuit so that the voltage in the logical point (9) is restored. 16. The backup power system as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that, once the batteries have been completely recharged, the standalone inverter enters an energy mode in which it turns off everything except the network monitoring in order to save energy. 17. The backup power system as set forth in claim 11, characterized in that the transfer contactor (43) is switched on as soon as there is voltage in the utility grid and the standalone inverter(s) operate in the charging mode of operation or are not operative. 18. A method of operating a system as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that the customer generation system (5) is data connected to the additional device (4) and can be influenced in such a manner through data communication that switching the mode of operation from island operation to grid parallel operation is possible, the switching of the mode of operation--island operation/grid parallel operation--of the generation system (5) being designed such that, upon failure of the data connection, the customer generation system switches over to grid parallel operation or remains in this mode of operation. 