Disclosed is an electrical power converter circuit including a photovoltaic cell and a power supply adapted to control a low power output of the photovoltaic cell. The power supply includes an input switch, an over-voltage detector, an under voltage detector, a rechargeable battery, a DC to DC converter circuit, an output capacitor, a delay element and an output switch. An item of luggage is adapted to support and carry the photovoltaic cell, power supply, and optional ancillary equipment.
Claims 1. A Photovoltaic cell powered electrical power source for a portable electronic appliance comprising: a photovoltaic cell; a power converter and conditioner circuit; and a luggage article, said photovoltaic cell being adapted to be coupled to said luggage article. 2. A Photovoltaic cell powered electrical power source as in claim 1 wherein said photovoltaic cell is mounted on an outside surface of said luggage article. 3. A Photovoltaic cell powered electrical power source as in claim 1 wherein said power converter and conditioner circuit is adapted to receive a time-varying current generated by said photovoltaic cell and output a substantially constant predetermined voltage. 4. A Photovoltaic cell powered electrical power source as in claim 1, wherein said power converter and conditioner circuit is adapted to be automatically adjusted to respective specific power requirements of a plurality of portable electronic appliances capable of being powered by said power source. 5. A Photovoltaic cell powered electrical power source as in claim 1 wherein electrical power generated by said electrical power source is adapted to charge a rechargeable battery of a portable electronic device. 6. A Photovoltaic cell powered electrical power source as in claim 1 wherein said luggage article is adapted to be carried by at least one of straps and handles. 7. A Photovoltaic cell powered electrical power source as in claim 1 wherein the Photovoltaic cell powered electrical power source is adapted to power a portable electronic entertainment device. 8. A Photovoltaic cell powered electrical power source as in claim 1 wherein the Photovoltaic cell powered electrical power source is adapted to power a portable electronic communication device. 9. A Photovoltaic cell powered electrical power source as in claim 1 wherein the Photovoltaic cell powered electrical power source is adapted to power a portable electronic navigational aid device. 10. A Photovoltaic cell powered electrical power source for a portable electronic appliance comprising: a photovoltaic cell; a power converter and conditioner circuit; and a garment article. 11. A Photovoltaic cell powered electrical power source as in claim 10 wherein said photovoltaic cell is adapted to be coupled to an outside surface of said garment article. 12. A Photovoltaic cell powered electrical power source as in claim 10 wherein said power converter and conditioner circuit is adapted to receive a time-varying current produced by said photovoltaic cell and output a substantially constant predetermined voltage. 13. A Photovoltaic cell powered electrical power source as in claim 10 wherein said power converter and conditioner circuit is adapted to be automatically adjusted to respective specific power requirements of a plurality of portable electronic appliances capable of being powered by said power source. 14. A Photovoltaic cell powered electrical power source as in claim 10 wherein electrical power generated by said electrical power source is adapted to charge a rechargeable battery of a portable electronic device. 15. A Photovoltaic cell powered electrical power source as in claim 10 wherein the garment article is adapted to be donned over a human body. 16. A Photovoltaic cell powered electrical power source as in claim 10 wherein the Photovoltaic cell powered electrical power source is adapted to power a portable electronic entertainment device. 17. A Photovoltaic cell powered electrical power source as in claim 10 wherein the Photovoltaic cell powered electrical power source is adapted to power a portable electronic communication device. 18. A Photovoltaic cell powered electrical power source as in claim 10 wherein the Photovoltaic cell powered electrical power source is adapted to power a portable electronic navigational aid device. 19. A Photovoltaic cell powered electrical power converter circuit comprising: a photovoltaic cell; an under voltage detector; a rechargeable battery; a DC to DC converter circuit; a delay element; and an output switch. 20. A Photovoltaic cell powered electrical power converter circuit as in claim 19 wherein an output voltage of said DC to DC converter is substantially independent of a voltage at an input of the DC to DC converter. 21. A Photovoltaic cell powered electrical power converter circuit as in claim 19 wherein an output voltage of said DC to DC converter can be at least one of higher, lower and equal to a voltage at an input of said DC to DC converter. 22. A Photovoltaic cell powered electrical power converter circuit as in claim 19 wherein an output voltage of said DC to DC converter is adapted to be automatically adjusted to respective specific voltage requirements of a plurality of portable electronic appliances capable of being powered by said photovoltaic cell powered electrical power converter. 23. A Photovoltaic cell powered electrical power converter circuit as in claim 19 further comprising: an under voltage detector, said under voltage detector being adapted to monitor a voltage produced by said photovoltaic cell, said under voltage detector being adapted to produce an output signal, said output signal being adapted to control an operation of said DC to DC converter circuit. 24. A Photovoltaic cell powered electrical power converter circuit as in claim 23 wherein said output signal is adapted to turn said DC to DC converter circuit OFF when insufficient power is generated by said photovoltaic cell and to turn said DC to DC converter circuit ON when sufficient power is generated by the photovoltaic cell. 25. A Photovoltaic cell powered electrical power converter circuit as in claim 19 wherein a delay element is coupled between an output of the said DC to DC converter circuit and a control input of said output switch. 26. A Photovoltaic cell powered electrical power converter circuit as in claim 19 wherein said output switch is adapted to be coupled between an output of said DC to DC converter circuit and a power input of a portable electronic appliance, said appliance being coupled to receive power produced by said photovoltaic cell. 27. A Photovoltaic cell powered electrical power converter circuit as in claim 19 wherein said delay element is adapted to cause said output switch to be turned ON some first delay time after said DC to DC converter circuit is turned ON and turned OFF some second delay time after said DC to DC converter circuit is turned OFF. 28. A Photovoltaic cell powered electrical power converter circuit as in claim 27 wherein said first delay time is equal to said second delay time. 29. A Photovoltaic cell powered electrical power converter circuit as in claim 19 further comprising a rechargeable battery, said rechargeable battery being adapted to be coupled to an input of said DC to DC converter circuit, said battery being adapted to power said DC to DC converter circuit during a time interval when said photovoltaic cell does not generate sufficient power to power said DC to DC converter circuit. 