A drug delivery device, system and method for identifying a drug contained in the drug delivery device and the amount of the drug administered. The drug delivery device includes at least a first portion and a second portion, in which the portions move relative to one another as a drug contained in the drug delivery device is administered or expelled from the drug delivery device. The drug delivery device includes radio frequency identification (RFID) tags that are mounted on each of the portions. At least one active tag is mounted on one of the first and second portions.
Claims 1. A drug delivery device for the administration of a drug, said device comprising: a first portion and a second portion, said first and second portions being moveable relative to one another when a drug contained in said drug delivery device is being administered; at least one first tag mounted to said first portion, said first tag adapted to at least transmit first signals; and at least one second tag mounted to said second portion, said second tag being adapted to receive said first signals and to transmit second signals. 2. The drug delivery device of claim 1, wherein said second tag is a passive tag. 3. The drug delivery device of claim 1, wherein said first tag is an active tag. 4. The drug delivery device of claim 1, wherein at least one of said first and second tags store and transmit drug identification information. 5. The drug delivery device of claim 4, wherein said information is said drug's name, expiration date, NDC number, unique identification number, national drug identification code or a unique tracking code, concentration, batch number, or a combination thereof. 6. The drug delivery device of claim 5, wherein said information is included in one of said signals. 7. The drug delivery device of claim 1, wherein said first and second signals have different frequencies. 8. The drug delivery device of claim 1, wherein said first tag is pressure activated. 9. The drug delivery device of claim 1, wherein said first tag includes an internal power source. 10. The drug delivery device of claim 9, wherein said power source is a battery, inductively charged, photovoltaic or a piezoelectric element. 11. The drug delivery device of claim 1, wherein said first tag includes a subsystem and said first tag is adapted to receive said second signals. 12. The drug delivery device of claim 11, wherein said subsystem is adapted to calculate a time delay between transmission of at least one of said first signals and receipt thereby of at least one of said second signals. 13. The drug delivery device of claim 1, further comprising an attachment for securing one of said first and second tags to one of said first and second portions. 14. The drug delivery device of claim 13, wherein said attachment is a heel button. 15. The drug delivery device of claim 14, wherein said attachment includes at least one tactile, geometric or color configuration. 16. The drug delivery device of claim 1, wherein said first and second signals comprise radio frequency signals. 17. The drug delivery device of claim 1, wherein said drug delivery device is a syringe and said first portion is a plunger that is operative for expelling said drug from said syringe. 18. The drug delivery device of claim 17, wherein said second portion comprises a barrel of said syringe. 19. A drug identification and delivery monitoring system comprising: a drug delivery device including a first portion and a second portion, said first and second portions being moveable relative to one another when a drug contained in said drug delivery device is being administered; at least one first tag mounted to said first portion, said first tag being adapted to at least transmit first signals; at least one second tag mounted to said second portion, said second tag adapted to receive said first signals and to transmit second signals; and at least one sensing device adapted to receive said first and second signals for determining the amount of said drug being administered; wherein at least one of said first and second tags stores and transmits drug identification information. 20. A method for determining a volume of a drug being administered during drug delivery comprising: providing a drug delivery device including first and second portions moveable relative to one another when a drug contained in said drug delivery device is being administered, said drug delivery device having a first tag mounted to one of said first and second portions and a second tag mounted to the other of said first and second portions; transmitting a first signal from said first tag; transmitting a second signal from said second tag responsive to said first signal; calculating a time delay between said first and second signals; and determining the volume of said drug administered based on said time delay. 21. The method of claim 20, wherein said first tag is an active tag and said second tag is a passive tag. 22. The method of claim 21, second signal is transmitted after receipt of said first signal from said active tag by said passive tag. 23. The method of claim 20, wherein both first and second signals are radio frequency signals. 24. The method of claim 20, wherein one of said first and second signals include drug identification information. 25. The method of claim 24, wherein said information is said drug's name, expiration date, concentration or batch number, NDC number, unique identification number, or a combination thereof. 26. The method of claim 20, further including activating said first tag by applying pressure thereto. 27. The method of claims 20, wherein said first and second signals have different frequencies. 28. The method of claim 20, further comprising providing at least one external sensing device for receiving said first and second signals. 29. The method of claim 28, wherein said time delay is the time differential between said receipt of said first signal and said receipt of said second signal. 30. A method of determining a volume of a drug being administered during drug delivery comprising: providing a drug delivery device including first and second portions moveable relative to one another when a drug contained in said drug delivery device is administered, said drug delivery device having an active tag mounted to one of said first and second portions and a passive tag mounted to the other of said first and second portions; transmitting a first signal from said active tag; transmitting a second signal from said passive tag after receipt of said first signal by said passive tag; calculating a time delay between said first and second signals after receipt of said second signal by said active tag; transmitting a third signal including time delay information by said active tag; and determining a volume of said drug administered based on said time delay. 31. The method of claim 31, wherein said time delay is the time differential between said transmission of said first signal and said detection of said second signal. 32. The method of claim 31, wherein said third signal is encrypted prior to its transmission. 33. The method of claim 31, wherein said third signal includes drug identification information. 34. The method of claim 34, wherein said drug identification information is said drug's name, expiration date, concentration, batch number, unique identification number or a combination thereof. 35. The method of claim 31, further providing an external sensing device for receipt of said third signal. 36. The method of claim 31, wherein said active tag includes a subsystem for detecting said second signal. 37. The method of claim 31, wherein said first, second and third signals comprise radio frequency signals. 38. The method of claim 37, wherein said first, second and third signals are each at a different frequency. 