A mobile, integrated, self-contained surveillance system providing motion detection, audio and video capture, and audible alarm capabilities and capable of operation from solar power alone. The system implemented on a trailer configured to be towed by a motor vehicle. The system may be towed to a site or area to be monitored and protected. The system is capable of reporting and transmitting video and images wireless to one or more recipients.
Claims 1. A mobile monitoring and surveillance system for monitoring activities at a remote protected area, the system comprising: a wheeled trailer frame with a hitch for removably securing to and being towed by a motor vehicle; a weather tight enclosure secured to the trailer frame, the enclosure having a front wall, opposing side walls, a rear wall and a roof; one or more panels having an array of solar voltaic cells secured to roof of the enclosure, the solar voltaic cells for converting sunlight into electricity to power the surveillance system; an energy storage means comprising at least one rechargeable battery; a DC to AC power inverter for supplying 120 VAC power from the energy storage means, the inverter electrically connected to the energy storage means and solar voltaic cells, the inverter secured to the interior of the enclosure; a computer system secured to the interior of the enclosure, the computer system having programmable logic control functionality for surveillance monitoring, the computer system having: a processor; memory; a non-volatile storage means for storing an operating system, application software, recorded video and audio surveillance data and surveillance configuration information; keyboard; mouse; and at least one display monitor; a plurality of motion sensors, at least one motion sensor secured to an outside surface of each wall of the enclosure, the motion sensors interfaced to the computer system, the motion sensors for detecting movement within the remote protected area, the motion sensors electrically interfaced to the computer, the motion sensors having adjustable range/sensitivity settings; a plurality of video cameras, the video cameras secured to the roof of the enclosure, the camera positioned to provide substantially 360 degree coverage of the area around the enclosure, the cameras electronically interfaced to the computer; at least one digital video recorder having audio and video recording capabilities, the digital video recorder interfaced to the computer system, the video recorder for recording still images as well as motion images with audio from the video cameras; a siren secured to the enclosure and electrically interfaced to the computer system, the siren for annunciating when an intrusion has been detected; one or more heaters for electronic devices such as the digital video recorder and programmable logic controller; a wireless transmission means for transmitting surveillance video and images; a plurality of flood lights secured to the roof of the enclosure and positioned to illuminate a 360 degree coverage area around the enclosure, the flood lights electrically connected to the energy storage means and controlled by the computer system, wherein when motion is detected the computer may be programmed to illuminate in a direction where the motion was detected for better video image capture; and at least one communications antenna secured to the enclosure and electrically interfaced to the wireless transmission means, wherein when motion is detected in the protected area the siren and lights are triggered and the cameras capture video images, the computer system recording the images to the data store or digital video recorder, the images optionally transmitted to a recipient via the cellular phone connection to the Internet. 2. The mobile monitoring and surveillance system of claim 1, wherein: the non-volatile storage means is at least one hard disk drive; and wherein the wireless transmission means is a cellular phone device having a cellular modem interfaced to the computer control system, the cellular device having Internet access capabilities, the cellular device for connecting the computer to the Internet. 3. The mobile monitoring and surveillance system of claim 2, wherein: the video camera is a CCD night/day infrared video camera; and wherein the motion sensors are passive infrared sensors for detecting movement of infrared emitting sources such as a human body. 4. The mobile monitoring and surveillance system of claim 3, wherein: the video camera includes carbonite composite light emitting diodes for illuminating a remote target. 5. The mobile monitoring and surveillance system of claim 1, further comprising: the wireless transmission means is a satellite transmitter/receiver. 6. The mobile monitoring and surveillance system of claim 1, wherein: the digital video recorders are DVD-R/W devices interfaced to the computer system. 7. The mobile monitoring and surveillance system of claim 3, wherein: the recipient is a law enforcement agency. 8. The mobile monitoring and surveillance system of claim 1, further comprising: one or more heaters for warming electronic devices such as the digital video recorder in cold weather conditions. 9. A method of detecting, capturing images and reporting undesirable activity in a remote protected area utilizing a mobile monitoring and surveillance system, the method comprising: detecting motion in a surveillance area; activating one or more video cameras; recording video from each active camera; illuminating the area where motion is detected using one or more flood lights; annunciating the detected undesirable activity using a siren; and transmitting the recorded video to one or more recipients. 