Alignment monitoring systems for directional and omni-directional antennas that are mounted to the antennas and which include solar sensors that are mounted with enclosing housings such that solar imaging across the surface of one or more sensing elements is used to determine a current alignment of the antennas in at least in one of headings, or azimuths of the antennas, or tilt angles thereof relative to a horizontal plane, and wherein signals generated by the sensing elements are communicated to data processing units.
Claims 1. A sensor for use in determining an alignment of a directional or omni-directional antenna with respect to tilt angle of the antenna relative to a horizontal plane and a directional heading thereof wherein the antenna is mounted at a vertically elevated location, the sensor comprising, a housing, means for mounting the housing to the antenna, at least one solar sensing element mounted within the housing, said at least one solar sensing element generating an output signal in response to solar energy radiating a portion of a surface thereof, means for communicating the output signal with a data processing unit, and the housing including means for controlling the passage of solar radiation entering the housing toward the at least one solar sensing element such that the solar radiation being sensed by the at least one solar sensor may be used to calculate at least one of an azimuth and a tilt angle of the antenna. 2. The sensor of claim 1 wherein the at least one solar sensing element includes a CCD. 3. The sensor of claim 1 wherein the housing is generally opaque and includes a plurality of openings there through by way of which solar energy enters the housing toward the at least one solar sensing element, and the openings being placed in predetermined positions such that relative positions of solar images impinging on the at least one solar sensing element may be compared with a date and time of day to thereby provide alignment data of the antenna. 4. The sensor of claim 3 including a plurality of solar sensing elements mounted within the housing. 5. The sensor of claim 4 wherein the plurality of solar sensing elements are at least partially vertically oriented within the housing. 6. The sensor of claim 3 wherein the housing is cylindrical having a central vertical axis and the at least one solar sensing element being centered with respect to the vertical axis and being positioned below the openings within the housing. 7. The sensor of claim 1 wherein the at least one solar sensing element includes at least one phototransistor. 8. The sensor of claim 1 wherein the housing is structured to prevent light from entering the housing except through at least one slit therein through with solar energy may pass toward the at least one solar sensing element. 9. The sensor of claim 8 wherein the housing includes at least two spaced slits therein wherein a first slit is positioned to permit morning solar energy to enter the housing and a second is positioned to permit afternoon solar energy to enter the housing. 10. The sensor of claim 9 including at least one solar sensing element associated with each of the first and second slits. 11. The sensor of claim 8 wherein the at least one slit extends in a vertically diagonal direction. 12. The sensor of claim 11 including means for communicating solar energy passing through the at least one slit to the at least one solar sensing element. 13. The sensor of claim 1 wherein the at least one solar sensing element includes a plurality of spaced solar sensing elements that are positioned relative to a shadow creating member mounted within the housing such that shadow images on the spaced solar sensing elements may be used to determine an azimuth position of the sun. 14. The sensor of claim 13 wherein at least a portion of the housing is transparent to permit sun light to pass there through toward the plurality of spaced solar sensing elements. 15. The sensor of claim 14 in which a portion of the housing that is transparent forms a refracting lens that directs solar energy toward the plurality of solar sensing elements. 16. The sensor of claim 15 wherein the plurality of solar sensing elements are mounted in a circular array with the shadow creating member being positioned centrally of the circular array. 17. The sensor of claim 13 including at least one electrical level sensing device for determining a level of the antenna. 18. The sensor of claim 8 including at least one electrical level sensing device for determining a level of the antenna. 19. The sensor of claim 1 including at least one electrical level sensing device for determining a level of the antenna. 20. An apparatus for use for determining an alignment of a directional or omni-directional antenna with respect to at least one of a tilt angle and heading of the antenna, comprising means for adjustably mounting the antenna at a vertically elevated location, a sensor for use in determining an alignment of the antenna with respect to at least one of a tilt angle of the antenna relative to a horizontal plane and a directional heading thereof, the sensor including a housing, means for mounting the housing to the antenna, at least one solar sensing element mounted within the housing, said at least one solar sensing element generating an output signal in response to solar energy imaging a surface portions thereof, means for communicating the output signal with a data processing unit, and the housing including means for controlling the passage of solar radiation entering the housing toward the at least one solar sensing element such that the solar imaging being sensed by the at least one solar sensor may be used to calculate at least one of an azimuth and tilt angle of the antenna. 