Sensors and techniques useful with operating an automated data acquisition and notification system having a plurality of receptacles adapted to store items. In each of the plurality of receptacles, at least one sensor is operated to detect a presence of an item in that receptacle. Light is emitted from a planar surface within the receptacle to a space within the receptacle opposite the planar surface. While that light is emitted light incident on the planar surface is detected. A determination is made whether an amount of light that is detected is significant to indicate a presence of the item.
Claims 1. A data acquisition and notification system adapted to be associated with at least one array of receptacles, the system comprising: a sensor group of at least one sensor in each receptacle of the array, the sensor group adapted to detect a presence of a subject material placed in the receptacle, wherein at least one sensor of the sensor group includes an electromagnetic emitter and an electromagnetic detector arranged such that electromagnetic waves are emitted by the electromagnetic emitter and, if detectable subject material is present in the receptacle, the emitted electromagnetic waves reflect off of the subject material and are detected by the electromagnetic detector; a system database configured to maintain data corresponding to sensor information from the at least one sensor; monitoring hardware communicatively coupled to each sensor of the array of receptacles and controlled by a data acquisition program that causes the monitoring hardware to gather sensor information from the sensors and communicate the data representing the sensor information to the system database; and a notification system communicatively coupled to the system database and adapted to issue notifications via a communications medium based on the data maintained by the system database. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the electromagnetic emitter comprises a light-emitting diode and wherein the electromagnetic detector comprises a photovoltaic cell. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the sensor group corresponding to each receptacle includes a plurality of sensors. 4. The system of claim 3, further comprising decision logic configured to analyze multiple overlapping detections by the plurality of sensors of the sensor group to validate a positive detection. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the receptacle has an interior that absorbs the electromagnetic waves emitted by the electromagnetic emitter such that, in an absence of any detectable subject material from the receptacle, the electromagnetic detector does not detect any significant portion of the emitted electromagnetic waves. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein each receptacle includes a sensor group of sensors situated in different planes. 7. A data acquisition and notification system adapted to be associated with at least one array of receptacles, the system comprising: a sensor group of at least one sensor in each receptacle of the array, the sensor group adapted to detect a presence of a subject material placed in the receptacle, wherein at least one sensor of the sensor group includes data analysis and storage capability; a system database configured to maintain data corresponding to sensor information from the at least one sensor; monitoring hardware communicatively coupled to each sensor of the array of receptacles and controlled by a data acquisition program that causes the monitoring hardware to gather sensor information from the sensors and communicate the data representing the sensor information to the system database; and a notification system communicatively coupled to the system database and adapted to issue notifications via a communications medium based on the data maintained by the system database. 8. The system of claim 7, wherein the at least one sensor includes an analog-to-digital converter (ADC) interfaced with a processor. 9. The system of claim 7, wherein the at least one sensor is configured to conduct communication with the monitoring hardware in communication cycles and gather and store sensor information between communication cycles. 10. The system of claim 7, wherein the at least one sensor is configured to aggregate collected data and to provide an output that includes statistical data. 11. The system of claim 7, wherein the at least one sensor is configured to communicate with the monitoring hardware via a data bus utilizing a burst mode of communications. 12. The system of claim 7, wherein the at least one sensor includes a plurality of like sensors within each receptacle. 13. The system of claim 12, further comprising decision logic configured to analyze multiple overlapping detections by the plurality of like sensors within each receptacle to validate a positive detection. 14. A sensor adapted for detecting a presence of material in a receptacle, the sensor comprising: a base structure defining a planar surface; a light emitter situated on the planar surface and facing away from the planar surface such that, in operation, the light emitter emits light to a space facing the planar surface; a photovoltaic cell that converts light energy into an electrical signal, the photovoltaic cell being situated on the planar surface and facing away from the planar surface such that, in operation, the photovoltaic cell detects light incident on the planar surface; and a measuring circuit electrically coupled to the photovoltaic cell, the measuring circuit being adapted to determine if an amount of light detected by the photovoltaic cell is significant to indicate a detection of a presence of the material. 15. The sensor of claim 14, wherein the light emitter comprises a set of at least one light emitting diode. 16. A method for operating an automated data acquisition and notification system that includes a plurality of receptacles adapted to store items, the method comprising: in each of the plurality of receptacles, operating at least one sensor to detect a presence of an item in that receptacle, including: emitting light from a planar surface within the receptacle to a space within the receptacle opposite the planar surface; while emitting the light, detecting light incident on the planar surface; and determining if an amount of light that is detected is significant to indicate a presence of the item. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein operating emitting the light includes energizing a light-emitting diode. 18. The method of claim 16, further comprising: while emitting the light, absorbing substantially all of the light incident on an interior surface of the receptacle. 19. The method of claim 16, wherein detecting the light includes detecting light by a plurality of distinct sensors. 20. The method of claim 19, further comprising: analyzing multiple overlapping detections by the plurality of distinct sensors to validate a positive detection. 