An impeller exhaust ridge vent is provided for covering a ridge slot formed along the ridge of a roof. The ridge vent has an elongated laterally flexible center panel with edge portions along which vents are formed. Standoffs can depend from the bottom of the center panel for supporting the center panel a predetermined distance above the roof deck so that attic air can vent through the ridge slot, beneath the center panel, and exit through the vents. A base panel can be provided to cover the roof deck and form a smooth substantially sealed air duct for passage of the air. Upstanding wind baffles are disposed outboard of and spaced from the vents. One or more tangential impellers is rotatably mounted in the pace between the vents and wind baffles and can be free spinning or driven by an electric motor. Rotation of the tangential impellers creates a cross-flow fan effect that draws air forcibly from beneath the center panel and exhausts it to ambience. The attic space is thereby actively ventilated.
Claims 1. A ridge vent comprising: an elongated panel having edge portions and a width sufficient to cover a ridge slot extending at least partially along the ridge of a roof; a vent formed along at least one of said edge portions of said elongated panel; a wind baffle outboard of and spaced from said vent; and a rotatable impeller mounted between said vent and said wind baffle. 2. A ridge vent as claimed in claim 1 and wherein said impeller is a tangential impeller. 3. A ridge vent as claimed in claim 2 and wherein said tangential impeller has a plurality of spaced impeller blades radially arrayed about an axis of said impeller. 4. A ridge vent as claimed in claim 3 and wherein each of said impeller blades is curved. 5. A ridge vent as claimed in claim 4 and wherein each of said impeller blades generally follows the curve of an Archimedes spiral. 6. A ridge vent as claimed in claim 3 and wherein each of said impeller blades extends radially from said axis. 7. A ridge vent as claimed in claim 1 and wherein said impeller is mounted for free rotation about said axis. 8. A ridge vent as claimed in claim 1 and further comprising a motor coupled to said impeller for rotating said impeller upon activation of said motor. 9. A ridge vent as claimed in claim 8 and wherein said motor is an electric motor. 10. A ridge vent as claimed in claim 9 and wherein said electric motor is powered at least partially by electrical power from electrical service. 11. A ridge vent as claimed in claim 9 and wherein said electric motor is powered at least partially by solar generated electrical power. 12. A ridge vent as claimed in claim 9 and wherein said electric motor is powered at least partially by batteries. 13. A ridge vent as claimed in claim 9 and further comprising a controller coupled to said electric motor, said controller being programmed to activate said electric motor upon the occurrence of predetermined conditions. 14. A ridge vent as claimed in claim 13 and wherein said predetermined conditions include an attic temperature above a preselected threshold. 15. A ridge vent as claimed in claim 13 and wherein said predetermined conditions include an attic humidity above a predetermined threshold. 16. A ridge vent as claimed in claim 13 and wherein said predetermined conditions include a wind speed below a predetermined threshold. 17. A ridge vent for extending along and covering a ridge slot formed along a ridge of a roof, said ridge vent comprising: a laterally flexible central panel having edge portions; standoffs depending from said central panel to support said central panel a predetermined distance above a deck of said roof for allowing attic air to flow through said ridge slot, through the space between said central panel and said roof deck, and out from beneath the edge portions of said central panel; and a rotatable impeller disposed at least partially along an edge portion of said central panel to draw air from beneath said central panel upon rotation of said impeller. 18. A ridge vent as claimed in claim 17 and further comprising a wind baffle spaced from and extending along an edge portion of said central panel, said rotatable impeller disposed within the space between said wind baffle and the edge portion of said central panel. 19. A ridge vent as claimed in claim 17 and wherein said rotatable impeller is mounted for free rotation as a result of wind blowing across said ridge vent. 20. A ridge vent as claimed in claim 17 and further comprising an electric motor coupled to said rotatable impeller, said electric motor being selectively powered by a source selected from an electric service provider, solar cells, batteries, a wind generator, or a combination thereof. 21. A method of ventilating an attic space beneath a roof having a roof ridge, said method comprising the steps of: (a) forming a ridge slot along the ridge of the roof, the ridge slot communicating with the attic space beneath the roof; (b) covering the ridge slot with a ridge vent having a central panel with edge portions, vents formed along the edge portions, and wind baffles outboard of and spaced from said vents; (c) mounting at least one impeller in the space between a wind baffle and a vent; and (d) rotating the impeller to draw air out through said vent and exhaust the air to ambience. 22. The method of claim 21 and wherein step (d) comprises driving the impeller with a motor. 23. The method of claim 22 and further comprising driving the impeller with a motor upon the occurrence of predetermined conditions. 24. The method of claim 21 and where in step (c) the impeller is a tangential impeller. 25. A ridge vent as claimed in claim 1 and further comprising a base panel spaced from said elongated panel and forming an air duct between said elongated panel and said base panel. 26. A ridge vent as claimed in claim 25 and further comprising a lip extending from at least one of said edge portions of said elongated panel, said lip at least partially overlying said rotatable impeller. 27. A ridge vent as claimed in claim 1 and further comprising a lip extending from at least one of said edge portions of said elongated panel, said lip at least partially overlying said rotatable impeller. 