The present application is directed to a laser scribing system for scribing photovoltaic substrates and includes a support body, one or more positioning devices positioned proximate to the support body and configured to engage and position one or more photovoltaic substrates relative to the support body, at least one grate system positioned proximate to the support body, the grate system formed from one or more grate members, the grate members defining one or more scribing passages in the grate system, and at least one scribe system positioned proximate to the support body, the scribe system having at least one scribe system body disposing one or more scribe devices, the scribe devices positioned proximate to the scribing passages and configured to scribe the substrate supported by the support body.
Claims 1. A system for scribing photovoltaic substrates, comprising: a support body; one or more positioning devices positioned proximate to the support body and configured to engage and position one or more photovoltaic substrates relative to the support body; at least one grate system positioned proximate to the support body, the grate system formed from one or more grate members, the grate members defining one or more scribing passages in the grate system; and at least one scribe system positioned proximate to the support body, the scribe system having at least one scribe system body disposing one or more scribe devices, the scribe devices positioned proximate to the scribing passages and configured to scribe the substrate supported by the support body. 2. The device of claim 1 further comprising: at least one rail device formed on the support body; and at least one rail recess formed on the scribe body and configured to receive at least a portion of the rail device therein. 3. The device of claim 1 wherein at least one positioning device comprises a linear motor. 4. The device of claim 1 wherein at least one positioning device comprises at least one positioning device comprises an air bearing system. 5. The device of claim 1 wherein at least one positioning device is selected from the group consisting of linear actuators, piezo-actuators, mechanical positioning systems, gantry devices, belt devices, roller track systems, and air support devices. 6. The device of claim 1 wherein the substrate comprises silica substrates. 7. The device of claim 1 wherein the positioning devices enable the substrate to move along the x-axis relative to the support body. 8. The device of claim 1 wherein the positioning devices enable the substrate to move along the y-axis relative to the support body. 9. The device of claim 1 wherein the positioning devices enable the substrate to move along the z-axis relative to the support body. 10. The device of claim 1 wherein the positioning devices enable the substrate to move along at least one of the x-axis, y-axis, and z-axis relative to the support body. 11. The device of claim 1 wherein the scribe device comprises a diode-pumped, solid-state Q-switched laser configured to emit one or more light beams to the substrate. 12. The device of claim 1 wherein the scribe device is selected from the group consisted of diode-pumped solid state lasers, fiber lasers, gas laser, semiconductor lasers, VCSEL lasers, solid state lasers, ultrasonic devices, and mechanical scribe devices. 13. The device of claim 1 further comprising at least one substrate stabilizing device positioned proximate to the support body, the stabilizing device configured to stabilize the substrate during processing. 14. The device of claim 13 wherein the stabilizing device is configured to assist the positioning device in moving the substrate before and after processing. 15. The device of claim 1 further comprising at least one controller in communication with the scribing system and configured to control and monitor the movement and scribing of the substrate. 16. The system of claim 15 wherein the controller comprises at least one device selected from the group consisting of a processor, computer, camera, metrology device, galvo system, inspection device, registration device, bar code reader, bar code writer, fiducial rending device, and fiducial reading device. 17. A pre-scribing stage for use with a laser scribing system for scribing photovoltaic substrates, comprising: at least one pre-scribe body; at least one support member positioned proximate to the pre-scribe body and configured to support at least one photovoltaic substrate; at least one movable body positioned proximate to the pre-scribe body and movable with respect thereto, the movable body having one or more engaging device positioned thereon, the engaging device configured to controllably engage and position the photovoltaic substrate relative to the pre-scribe body; and at least one pre-scribe element positioned on the support member and configured to the scribe at least one pre-scribe marks on the substrate. 18. The device of claim 17 wherein the engaging device is configured to rotate the substrate between 1 degree and 360 degrees relative to the support member. 19. The device of claim 17 wherein the pre-scribe element is selected from the group consisting of lasers, galvos, mirrors, fast-steering mirrors, gratings, prisms, cameras, detectors, and registers. 20. The device of claim 17 wherein the pre-scribe mark comprises at least one mark selected from group consisting of fiducials, registers, bar codes, serial numbers, part numbers, positioning marks, and positioning lines. 21. A system for scribing photovoltaic substrates, comprising: a pre-scribe stage comprising at least one engaging device and at least one scribe element positioned on a movable body configured to move in relation to a support member, the engaging device configured to engage and secure a substrate positioned on the pre-scribe stage, the pre-scribe element configured to apply at least one pre-scribe mark to the substrate; and a scribe stage in communication with the pre-scribe stage and comprising at least one engaging device and at least one scribe element positioned on a movable body configured to move in relation to a support member, the engaging device configured to engage and secure a substrate, the scribe stage configured to receive the substrate from the pre-scribe stage and position the substrate on the support member relative to the pre-scribe mark, the scribe element configured to apply one or more scribe marks thereto using the scribe element. 