A passenger pick-up bus stop notification system designed to help bus drivers to determine if passengers at a bus stop used by different bus routes desired to be picked up. The system includes a display panel mounted on a vertical post installed adjacent to the roadway that services the bus stop. The display panel is designed to display a plurality of bus route numbers capable of viewed from a distance by an approaching bus driver. Directly or wirelessly coupled to the display is an input key pad that passengers used to input a bus route number on the display panel. The key pad may be mounted on the same vertical post used to mount the display or mounted at a separate location. The sign may include a solar panel and battery which provides electrical energy to the display panel and key pad. During use, waiting passengers input the bus route they desire to take which is presented on the display panel. When the bus driver sees the bus route number on the display, he or she knows a passenger is waiting at the bus stop. If the bus driver's bus route is not illuminated, the bus driver knows to by-pass the bus stop altogether
Claims 1. A passenger pickup bus stop notification system, comprising: a. a mounting structure; b. a display panel attached to the upper end of said mounting structure, said display capable of displaying a plurality of bus route numbers each said bus route number being sufficient in size for a driver of an approaching bus to see; and, c. a key pad coupled to said display, said key pad enabling a bus passenger to input a desired bus route number into said display panel for viewing by a bus driver approaching the bus stop. 2. The bus stop notification system, as recited in claim 1, further including a solar panel and battery coupled to said display panel. 3. The bus stop notification system, as recited in claim 1 wherein said display is mounted on an elevated structure. 4. The bus stop notification system, as recited in claim 1, wherein said elevated structure is a vertical pole. 5. The bus stop notification system, as recited in claim 4, wherein said key pad is attached to said vertical pole. 6. The bus stop notification system, as recited in claim 1, wherein said display panel is located at the bus stop entry location and said key pad is located in the passenger waiting area. 7. A method for notifying a bus driver that a passenger at a bus stop is waiting to be picked-up, comprising the following steps: a. installing a notification system at a bus stop, said system includes an elevated mounting structure with a display panel attached at an elevated end, said display panel capable of displaying a plurality of bus route numbers visible to the driver of an approaching bus, said system also including a key pad coupled to said display panel enabling a passenger to selectively enter a desired bus route number therein which is then transmitted to said display panel; b. selecting a passenger desiring to take a bus route on which said bus stop is used; c. entering the bus route number into the key pad which is then displayed on said display panel; d. selecting a bus driven by a bus driver approaching the bus stop and viewing said display panel to determine whether the bus route number of the bus is displayed; and, e. stopping at the bus stop if the bus route number is displayed or continuing to travel past said bus stop if the bus route number is not displayed on said displayed panel. 