An electronically-controlled roll-up window shade that can easily be installed by a homeowner or general handyman is disclosed. The motorized shade includes an internal power source, a motor, and a communication system to allow for remote control of the motorized shade. One or more motorized shades can be controlled singly or as a group. In one embodiment, the motorized shades are used in connection with a zoned or non-zoned HVAC system to reduce energy usage. In one embodiment, the motorized shade is configured to have a size and form-factor that conforms to a standard manually-controlled motorized shade. In one embodiment, a group controller is configured to provide thermostat information to the motorized shade. In one embodiment, the group controller communicates with a central monitoring system that coordinates operation of one or more motorized shades. In one embodiment, the internal power source of the motorized shade is recharged by a solar cell.
Claims 1. An electronically-controlled motorized roll-up window shade, comprising: a controller; a tubular motor provided to said controller, said tubular motor configured to raise and lower a shade material; a first power source provided to said controller; a two-way wireless communication system provided to said controller, said controller configured to control said motor in response to a wireless communication received from a group controller, said group controller configured to open and close said motorized shade to produce a desired room temperature during the day and to provide privacy at night. 2. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 1 further comprising a light sensor. 3. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 1, further comprising a temperature sensor. 4. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 1 further comprising a second power source. 5. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 1, further comprising a solar cell configured to charge said first power source. 6. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 1, further comprising a shade position sensor. 7. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 1, further comprising a turns counter to count turns of said tubular motor. 8. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 1, wherein said controller is configured to transmit sensor data according to a threshold test. 9. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 8, wherein said threshold test comprises a high threshold level. 10. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 8, wherein said threshold test comprises a low threshold level. 11. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 8, wherein said threshold test comprises an inner threshold range. 12. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 8, wherein said threshold test comprises an outer threshold range. 13. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 1, wherein controller is configured to receive an instruction to change a status reporting interval. 14. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 1, wherein controller is configured to receive an instruction to change a wakeup interval. 15. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 1, wherein a group controller is configured to monitor a status of one or more electronically-controlled motorized shades. 16. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 1, wherein said wireless communication system communicates using radio-frequency communication. 17. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 1, wherein said wireless communication system communicates using frequency hopping. 18. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 1, wherein said wireless communication system communicates using a 900 megahertz band. 19. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 1, further comprising a visual indicator to indicate a low-power condition when said power source is low. 20. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 1, wherein said controller is configured to send sensor data to a group controller. 21. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 1, wherein said shade material comprises a plurality of conductors provided to said controller. 22. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 33, said group controller configured to send current room temperature data to said controller. 23. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 1, further comprising a group controller configured to send room temperature slope data to said controller. 24. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 1, further comprising a remote control interface. 25. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 1, further comprising a group controller comprising an occupant sensor. 26. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 1, wherein said shade material comprises a solar cell. 