A heating control system, monitoring system and predictive maintenance radio sensor system. The heating control system comprises at least one temperature transducer element having a downstream voltage transformer; an energy storage device which is electrically coupled to the at least one voltage transformer; a logic assembly coupled to the energy storage device and having sequence control; a data transmission unit coupled to the logic assembly; and a sensor, coupled to the logic assembly, for measuring ambient parameters.
Claims 1. A heating control system, comprising: at least one temperature transducer element having a downstream voltage transformer; an energy storage device which is electrically coupled to the at least one voltage transformer; a logic assembly coupled to the energy storage device and having sequence control; a data transmission unit coupled to the logic assembly; and a sensor, coupled to the logic assembly, for measuring ambient parameters. 2. The heating control system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the transmission unit transmits a broadband signal having a bandwidth of more than 100 kHz. 3. The heating control system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the at least one temperature transducer element is a thermal transducer which converts thermal energy into electrical energy based on thermoelectric or pyroelectric principles. 4. The heating control system as claimed in claim 1, further comprising: a rectifier circuit disposed at the output of the at least one heat transducer element. 5. The heating control system as claimed in claim 1, further comprising: an additional electrical power supply which comprises a solar cell. 6. The heating control system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the voltage transformer is operable on a clocked basis. 7. The heating control system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the sensor is an accumulating sensor. 8. The heating control system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the logic assembly is connected to a memory which stores an identification code. 9. The heating control system as claimed in claim 1, wherein at least two transmission messages are transmitted successively. 10. The heating control system as claimed in claim 9, wherein at least one of a time interval and a frequency of the transmission messages are variably adjustable with respect to each other. 11. The heating control system as claimed in claim 9, wherein information in a transmission message transmitted by the data transmission unit is scrambled. 12. A monitor system for a heating control, comprising: at least one temperature transducer element having a downstream voltage transformer; an energy storage device which is electrically coupled to the at least one voltage transformer; a logic assembly coupled to the energy storage device and having sequence control; a data transmission unit coupled to the logic assembly; a sensor coupled to the logic assembly for measuring ambient parameters; and at least one first unit which receives a signal transmitted from the data transmission unit and indicates data which are transmitted from the data transmission unit. 13. The monitor system according to claim 12, further comprising a second unit for controlling a heating system based on the received signal transmitted from the data transmission unit. 14. The monitor system according to claim 13, wherein the second unit controls the ambient temperature of the heating. 15. A predictive maintenance radio sensor system, comprising: at least one temperature transducer element having a downstream voltage transformer; an energy storage device which is electrically coupled to the at least one voltage transformer; a logic assembly coupled to the energy storage device and having sequence control; a data transmission unit coupled to the logic assembly; a sensor coupled to the logic assembly for measuring ambient parameters; and at least one first unit which receives a signal transmitted from the data transmission unit and indicates data which are transmitted from the data transmission unit. 16. The predictive maintenance radio sensor system as claimed in claim 15, wherein the signal transmission is performed cyclically. 17. The predictive maintenance radio sensor system as claimed in claim 15, wherein the signal transmission is performed when sufficient energy is accumulated at the energy storage device. 18. The predictive maintenance radio sensor system as claimed in claim 15, wherein the data transmission unit transmits a broadband signal having a bandwidth of more than 100 kHz. 19. The predictive maintenance radio sensor system as claimed claim 15, wherein the at least one temperature transducer element is a thermal transducer which converts thermal energy into electrical energy based on thermoelectric or pyroelectric principles. 20. The predictive maintenance radio sensor system as claimed in claim 15, wherein a rectifier circuit is disposed at the output of the at least one heat transducer element. 21. The predictive maintenance radio sensor system as claimed in claim 15, further comprising: an additional electrical power supply which comprises a solar cell. 22. The predictive maintenance radio sensor system as claimed in claim 15, wherein the voltage transformer is operable on a clocked basis. 23. The predictive maintenance radio sensor system as claimed in claim 15, wherein the at least one sensor is an accumulating sensor. 24. The predictive maintenance radio sensor system as claimed in claim 15, wherein the logic assembly is coupled to a memory which stores an identification code. 25. The predictive maintenance radio sensor system as claimed in claim 15, wherein at least two transmission messages are transmitted successively. 26. The predictive maintenance radio sensor system as claimed in claim 25, wherein at least one of a time interval and a frequency of the transmission messages are variably adjustable with respect to each other. 27. The predictive maintenance radio sensor system as claimed in claim 25, wherein information in the transmission message transmitted by the data transmission unit is scrambled. 28. The predictive maintenance radio sensor system as claimed in claim 15, further comprising a second unit for controlling a maintained system based on the received signal transmitted from the data transmission unit. 29. The predictive maintenance radio sensor system as claimed in claim 28, wherein the second unit controls a temperature of the maintained system. 