A consumer finance method and system financing a purchase including the steps of providing new goods or services to at least partially replace used goods or services which the customer is currently using to a customer at a purchase price; and collecting at least the amount of the purchase price from the customer in a plurality of installments, the amount of each installment calculated as the amount which the customer would have paid for the used goods or services based on historical information.
Claims 1. A consumer finance method and system for financing a purchase including the steps of providing new goods or services to at least partially replace used goods or services which the customer is currently using to a customer at a purchase price; and collecting at least the amount of the purchase price from the customer in a plurality of installments, the amount of each installment calculated as the amount which the customer would have paid for the used goods or services based on historical information. 2. A consumer finance method and system for financing a purchase including the steps of providing an alternative or renewable energy collection or generation apparatus or system to at least partially replace electricity supplied from an electricity supply company which the customer is currently using, to a customer at a purchase price under a credit arrangement; establishing a credit contract between a credit provider and the purchaser of the alternative or renewable energy collection or generation apparatus or system and using a computer to calculate a repayment plan for at least the purchase price, based on the amount which the customer would have paid for the electricity supplied from an electricity supply company. 3. A consumer finance method and system according to claim 1 wherein the repayments are calculated to substantially match the historical spending of the customer on electricity supply. 4. A consumer finance method and system for financing a purchase including the steps of providing an alternative or renewable energy collection or generation apparatus or system to at least partially replace utilities supplied from a utilities supply company which the customer is currently using, to a customer at a purchase price under a credit arrangement; establishing a credit contract between a credit provider and the purchaser of the alternative or renewable energy collection or generation apparatus or system and using a computer to calculate a repayment plan for at least the purchase price, based on the amount which the customer would have paid for the utilities supplied from an utilities supply company. 5. A consumer finance method and system according to claim 1 wherein the alternative or renewable energy collection or generation apparatus or system includes solar collection equipment. 6. A consumer finance method and system according to claim 1 wherein the credit contract has no fixed term in which the purchase price is to be paid out but the term is calculated according to the historical pattern of use of the purchaser. 7. A consumer finance method and system according to claim 1 wherein the method is a computer-implemented method. 8. A consumer finance method and system according to claim 7 wherein the computer implements the method and produces a list of scheduled repayments which govern the amount and timing of the repayments. 9. A consumer finance method and system according to claim 2 wherein the method is a computer-implemented method and once the list of repayments has been produced, the list is imported into a record keeping system for monitoring by the credit provider. 10. A consumer finance method and system for financing a purchase including the steps of providing new goods or services to at least partially replace goods or services which the customer is currently using to a customer at a purchase price; and collecting at least the amount of the purchase price from the customer in a plurality of installments, the amount of each installment calculated as the amount which the customer would have paid for the goods or services based on historical information. 