A method of manufacturing a solar cell on a flexible film by providing a substrate; depositing on the substrate a sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming a solar cell; mounting the semiconductor substrate on a flexible film; and thinning the semiconductor substrate to a predetermined thickness. The sequence of layers forms an inverted metamorphic solar cell structure.
Claims 1. A method of manufacturing a solar cell comprising: providing a substrate; depositing on a first substrate a sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming a solar cell; mounting a semiconductor substrate on a flexible film; and thinning the semiconductor substrate to a predetermined thickness. 2. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein the sequence of layers of semiconductor material is mounted directly adjacent to the flexible film. 3. A method as defined in claim 1, further comprising attaching the flexible film to a surrogate substrate. 4. A method as defined in claim 3, wherein the surrogate substrate is a sapphire wafer. 5. A method as defined in claim 4, further comprising removing said surrogate substrate subsequent to processing. 6. A method as defined in claim 5, further comprising attaching said solar cell with said flexible film to a glass supporting member. 7. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein said step of depositing a sequence of layers of semiconductor material includes forming a first solar subcell on said substrate having a first band gap; forming a second solar subcell over said first subcell having a second band gap smaller than said first band gap; forming a grading interlayer over said second subcell having a third band gap larger than said second band gap; forming a third solar subcell having a fourth band gap smaller than said second band gap such that said third subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to said second subcell. 8. A method of manufacturing a solar cell as defined in claim 1, wherein said first substrate is composed of GaAs. 9. A method of manufacturing a solar cell as defined in claim 7, wherein said first solar subcell is composed of an InGa(Al)P emitter region and an InGa(Al)P base region. 10. A method of manufacturing a solar cell as defined in claim 7, wherein said second solar subcell is composed of an InGaP emitter region and an In.sub.0.015GaAs base region. 11. A method of manufacturing a solar cell as defined in claim 7, wherein said grading interlayer is composed of InGaAlAs. 12. A method of manufacturing a solar cell as defined in claim 7, wherein the grading interlayer is composed of a plurality of layers with monotonically increasing lattice constant. 13. A solar cell comprising: a flexible film; a semiconductor body mounted on said film, and having a sequence of layers: including a first solar subcell having a first band gap; a second solar subcell disposed over the first subcell and having a second band gap smaller than the first band gap; a grading interlayer disposed over the second subcell having a third band gap larger than the second band gap; and a third subcell disposed over the interlayer such that the third solar subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to the second subcell and has a fourth band gap smaller than the third band gap. 14. A solar cell as defined in claim 13, wherein said semiconductor body is a thin film structure having a thickness about 12 microns. 15. A solar cell as defined in claim 13, wherein said first solar subcell is composed of an InGa(Al)P emitter region and an InGa(Al)P base region. 16. A solar cell as defined in claim 13, wherein said second solar subcell is composed of an InGaP emitter region and an In.sub.0.015GaAs base region. 17. A solar cell as defined in claim 13, wherein said grading interlayer is composed of InGaAlAs. 18. A solar cell as defined in claim 13, wherein said flexible film has a thickness about 75 microns. 19. A solar cell as defined in claim 18, wherein said flexible film is composed of Kapton. 20. A solar cell as defined in claim 13, where said sequence of layers of said semiconductor body is mounted directly adjacent to said flexible film with said first subcell forming the exposed top cell in the solar cell, and said third subcell being disposed adjacent to said flexible film. 