A method for fabricating semiconductor components includes the step of providing a semiconductor substrate having a circuit side, a back side, a plurality of integrated circuits on the circuit side, and a plurality of substrate contacts on the circuit side in electrical communication with the integrated circuits. The method also includes the steps of forming vias from the back side to the substrate contacts, forming a conductive layer in the vias and on the back side in electrical contact with the substrate contacts; and forming the conductive layer on the back side into a plurality of conductors in electrical communication with the substrate contacts. The semiconductor component includes the semiconductor substrate, the through interconnects and the redistribution conductors. Each through interconnect includes a via aligned with a substrate contact, and a conductive layer at least partially lining the via in physical and electrical contact with the substrate contact. Each conductor is formed by a portion of the conductive layer.
Claims 1. A method for fabricating a semiconductor component comprising: providing a semiconductor substrate comprising a substrate contact; forming a through interconnect in the substrate in electrical contact with the substrate contact; and forming a conductor on the semiconductor substrate in electrical contact with the through interconnect; wherein the forming the through interconnect step and the forming the conductor step comprise a same metal deposition step. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein the through interconnect and the conductor comprise a same metal layer. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein the through interconnect comprises a via from the substrate contact to the back side and a metal layer in the via in electrical contact with the substrate contact, and the conductor comprises a portion of the metal layer on a back side of the semiconductor substrate. 4. The method of claim 1 wherein the forming the through interconnect step comprises electroless deposition of a metal layer through openings in an insulation layer on the semiconductor substrate, and the forming the conductor step comprises electroless deposition of the metal layer onto the insulation layer. 5. A method for fabricating a semiconductor component comprising: providing a semiconductor substrate comprising a substrate contact and a surface; forming a via in the semiconductor substrate aligned with the substrate contact; forming a conductive layer in the via in electrical contact with the substrate contact; forming the conductive layer in the via into a through interconnect; and forming the conductive layer on the surface into a conductor. 6. The method of claim 5 further comprising forming a terminal contact on the surface in electrical communication with the conductor. 7. The method of claim 5 further comprising forming an insulation layer on the surface and in the via configured to electrically insulate the conductive layer. 8. The method of claim 5 wherein the via and the surface are generally perpendicular to one another. 9. The method of claim 5 wherein the substrate contact is on a circuit side of the semiconductor substrate and the surface comprises a back side of the semiconductor substrate. 10. A method for fabricating a semiconductor component comprising: providing a semiconductor substrate comprising a circuit side, a back side, a plurality of integrated circuits on the circuit side, and a plurality of substrate contacts on the circuit side in electrical communication with the integrated circuits; forming a plurality of vias from the back side of the semiconductor substrate to the substrate contacts; forming a conductive layer in the vias and on the back side of the semiconductor substrate in electrical contact with the substrate contacts; and forming the conductive layer on the back side of the semiconductor substrate into a plurality of conductors in electrical communication with the substrate contacts. 11. The method of claim 10 further comprising forming an insulation layer on the back side of the semiconductor substrate and in the vias. 12. The method of claim 10 further comprising forming insulation layers in the vias prior to the forming the conductive layer step. 13. The method of claim 10 further comprising forming a plurality of terminal contact pads on the back side in electrical communication with the conductors, and forming terminal contacts on the terminal contact pads. 14. The method of claim 10 wherein the forming the conductive layer step comprises electroless deposition. 15. The method of claim 10 wherein the forming the plurality of vias step comprises etching. 16. The method of claim 10 further comprising attaching a carrier to the semiconductor substrate prior to the forming the conductive layer step. 17. The method of claim 10 wherein each via includes a sidewall and the conductive layer lines the sidewall but leaves the via open. 18. The method of claim 10 wherein the substrate contacts include inner surfaces and the conductive layer lines the inner surfaces. 19. The method of claim 10 wherein the semiconductor substrate is provided on a semiconductor wafer and the method is performed on the wafer. 20. The method of claim 10 wherein the semiconductor substrate comprises a known good die (KGD). 21. The method of claim 10 wherein the vias are generally perpendicular to the back side and to the conductors. 22. The method of claim 10 wherein the semiconductor substrate comprises an imager die. 23. The method of claim 10 wherein the semiconductor substrate comprises a high speed digital logic device selected from the group consisting of a dynamic random access memory (DRAM), a static random access memory (SRAM), a flash memory, a microprocessor, a digital signal processor (DSP), an application specific integrated circuit (ASIC), a MEMS type device, and a solar cell. 24. The method of claim 10 wherein the integrated circuits include radiation sensitive integrated circuits, and further comprising attaching a transparent carrier to the semiconductor substrate configured to protect the radiation sensitive integrated circuits during the forming step. 25. A method for fabricating a semiconductor component comprising: providing a semiconductor substrate comprising a circuit side, a back side, a plurality of integrated circuits on the circuit side, and a plurality of substrate contacts on the circuit side in electrical communication with the integrated circuits; forming a plurality of vias from the back side of the semiconductor substrate to the substrate contacts; forming a conductive layer in the vias and on the back side of the semiconductor substrate, the conductive layer at least partially lining the vias and the substrate contacts; forming the conductive layer on the back side of the semiconductor substrate into a plurality of conductors in electrical communication with the substrate contacts; and forming an insulation layer on the back side and in the vias at least partially covering the conductive layer. 26. The method of claim 25 wherein the substrate is contained on a semiconductor wafer and the method is performed on the wafer. 27. The method of claim 25 wherein the forming the conductive layer step comprises electrolessly depositing a seed layer in the vias and on the back side, forming a deposition mask on the back side, depositing a copper layer through the deposition mask onto the seed layer, and removing the deposition mask. 28. The method of claim 25 wherein the conductors include terminal contact pads, and further comprising forming terminal contacts on the terminal contact pads. 29. The method of claim 25 wherein the conductive layer comprises an electrolessly plated copper/nickel stack. 30. The method of claim 25 wherein the forming the vias step comprises etching the semiconductor substrate through an etch mask on the back side having openings aligned with the substrate contacts. 31. The method of claim 25 wherein the forming the vias step comprises etching the semiconductor substrate through an insulation layer on the back side having openings aligned with the substrate contacts. 32. The method of claim 25 further comprising forming insulation layers in the vias prior to the forming the conductive layer step. 33. The method of claim 25 further comprising forming a transparent carrier on the semiconductor substrate configured to support the semiconductor substrate prior to the forming the conductive layer step. 34. The method of claim 25 further comprising mounting the semiconductor substrate to a supporting substrate of a system. 35. The method of claim 25 further comprising thinning the semiconductor substrate from the back side prior to the forming the conductive layer step. 36. A method for fabricating a semiconductor component comprising: providing a semiconductor substrate comprising a circuit side, a back side, a plurality of integrated circuits on the circuit side, and a plurality of substrate contacts on the circuit side in electrical communication with the integrated circuits; forming a first insulation layer on the back side having a plurality of first openings aligned with the substrate contacts; etching a plurality of vias through the first openings to the substrate contacts; forming a deposition mask on back side having second openings aligned with the vias and elongated third openings; electrolessly depositing a conductive layer through the first openings and the second openings into the vias to form through interconnects, and through the third openings onto the back side to form back side conductors in electrical communication with the through interconnects; removing the deposition mask; and forming a second insulation layer on the back side covering the through interconnects and at least partially covering the conductors. 37. The method of claim 36 wherein the etching step further comprises forming an etch mask on the first insulation layer and the etching the vias step comprises etching through the etch mask. 38. The method of claim 36 wherein the substrate contacts comprise bond pads or redistribution pads. 39. The method of claim 36 wherein the conductors include terminal contact pads, and further comprising forming terminal contacts on the terminal contact pads. 40. The method of claim 36 wherein the first insulation layer comprises a polymer or a photoimageable polymer. 41. The method of claim 36 wherein the second insulation layer comprises a polymer or a photoimageable polymer. 42. The method of claim 36 wherein the semiconductor substrate is contained on a substrate comprising a plurality of semiconductor substrates and the method is performed on the substrate. 43. The method of claim 36 wherein the substrate contacts are in a first pattern and the conductors include terminal contact pads in a second pattern. 44. The method of claim 36 wherein the conductors include terminal contact pads in an area array, and further comprising forming terminal contacts on the terminal contact pads. 45. The method of claim 36 further comprising thinning the semiconductor substrate from the back side prior to the forming the first insulation layer step. 46. The method of claim 36 wherein the semiconductor substrate is contained on a semiconductor wafer, and further comprising attaching the wafer to a transparent carrier, thinning the wafer using the carrier, and then singulating the wafer and the carrier. 47. The method of claim 36 further comprising mounting the component to a supporting substrate of a semiconductor system. 48. The method of claim 36 wherein the semiconductor substrate includes a passivation layer, and the etching the vias step comprises etching the vias to the passivation layer, and then etching the passivation layer in the vias from the substrate contacts. 49. The method of claim 36 wherein the conductive layer has a thickness of from 1 .mu.m to 10 .mu.m. 50. The method of claim 36 wherein the conductive layer comprises copper. 51. The method of claim 36 further comprising forming an insulation layer in each via prior to the forming the conductive layer step. 52. A semiconductor component comprising: a semiconductor substrate comprising a plurality of integrated circuits; a plurality of substrate contacts on the semiconductor substrate in electrical communication with the integrated circuits; a plurality of through interconnects in the semiconductor substrate in electrical contact with the substrate contacts; a plurality of conductors on a surface of the semiconductor substrate in electrical contact with the through interconnects; the through interconnects and the conductors comprising a same conductive layer. 53. The semiconductor component of claim 52 wherein the surface comprises a back side of the semiconductor substrate and the through interconnects are generally perpendicular to the surface. 54. The semiconductor component of claim 52 wherein the through interconnects comprise insulated vias extending from the substrate contacts to the surface, and the conductive layer lines the vias and extends over the surface. 55. The semiconductor component of claim 52 wherein the substrate contacts are located on a circuit side of the semiconductor substrate, and the surface comprises a back side of the semiconductor substrate. 56. A semiconductor component comprising: a semiconductor substrate comprising a plurality of integrated circuits; a plurality of substrate contacts on the semiconductor substrate in electrical communication with the integrated circuits; a plurality of vias extending through the semiconductor substrate to the substrate contacts; a conductive layer in the vias and on the semiconductor substrate in physical and electrical contact with the substrate contacts; and a plurality of conductors on the semiconductor substrate comprising portions of the conductive layer. 57. The semiconductor component of claim 56 further comprising an insulation layer on the semiconductor substrate and in the vias. 58. The semiconductor component of claim 56 further comprising an insulation layer in each via. 59. The semiconductor component of claim 56 further comprising a plurality of terminal contact pads on the conductors, and terminal contacts on the terminal contact pads. 60. The semiconductor component of claim 56 wherein each via includes a sidewall and the conductive layer lines the sidewall but leaves the via open. 61. The semiconductor component of claim 56 wherein the substrate contacts include inner surfaces and the conductive layer lines the inner surfaces. 62. The semiconductor component of claim 56 wherein the semiconductor substrate comprises a known good die (KGD). 63. A semiconductor component comprising: a semiconductor substrate comprising a circuit side, a back side, a plurality of integrated circuits on the circuit side, and a plurality of substrate contacts on the circuit side in electrical communication with the integrated circuits; a plurality of vias in the semiconductor substrate extending from the back side of the semiconductor substrate to the substrate contacts; a conductive layer on the back side of the semiconductor substrate at least partially lining the vias and the substrate contacts; a plurality of conductors comprising portions of the conductive layer in electrical communication with the substrate contacts; and an insulation layer on the back side and in the vias at least partially covering the conductive layer. 64. The semiconductor component of claim 63 wherein the conductors include terminal contact pads in an area array, and further comprising a plurality of terminal contacts on the terminal contact pads. 65. The semiconductor component of claim 63 wherein the semiconductor substrate comprises an imager die. 66. The semiconductor component of claim 63 wherein the semiconductor substrate comprises a high speed digital logic device selected from the group consisting of a dynamic random access memory (DRAM), a static random access memory (SRAM), a flash memory, a microprocessor, a digital signal processor (DSP), an application specific integrated circuit (ASIC), a MEMS type device, and a solar cell. 67. The semiconductor component of claim 63 wherein the integrated circuits include radiation sensitive integrated circuits, and further comprising a transparent cover attached to the semiconductor substrate configured to protect the radiation sensitive integrated circuits. 68. The semiconductor component of claim 63 wherein the conductive layer has a thickness of from 1 .mu.m to 10 .mu.m. 69. The semiconductor component of claim 63 wherein the conductive layer comprises copper. 70. The semiconductor component of claim 63 wherein the conductive layer comprises a copper-nickel stack. 71. The semiconductor component of claim 63 wherein the substrate contacts are in a first pattern, and the conductors include terminal contact pads in a second pattern. 72. The semiconductor component of claim 63 wherein the conductors include terminal contact pads in an area array, and further comprising terminal contacts on the terminal contact pads. 73. The semiconductor component of claim 63 wherein the substrate contacts comprise bond pads or redistribution pads. 74. The semiconductor component of claim 63 wherein the semiconductor substrate has a thickness of from 10 .mu.m to 700 .mu.m. 75. A semiconductor component comprising: a semiconductor substrate having a circuit side, a back side and a plurality of integrated circuits; a plurality of substrate contacts on the circuit side in electrical communication with the integrated circuits having inner surfaces; a plurality of through interconnects in the semiconductor substrate comprising electrically insulated vias aligned with the substrate contacts, and a conductive layer at least partially lining the vias and the inner surfaces of the substrate contacts; and a plurality of conductors on the back side comprising portions of the conductive layer. 76. The semiconductor component of claim 75 further comprising an outer insulating layer at least partially covering the back side and the through interconnects. 77. The semiconductor component of claim 75 wherein the conductors include terminal contact pads in an area array, and the component includes terminal contacts on the terminal contact pads. 78. The semiconductor component of claim 75 wherein the semiconductor substrate comprises a thinned, tested semiconductor die. 79. The semiconductor component of claim 75 wherein the semiconductor substrate comprises an imager die, and further comprising a transparent cover on the imager die. 80. The semiconductor component of claim 75 wherein the conductors comprise redistribution conductors configured to redistribute a pattern of the substrate contacts. 81. The semiconductor component of claim 75 further comprising a supporting substrate of a system and wherein the semiconductor component is mounted to the supporting substrate. 82. The semiconductor component of claim 75 wherein the conductive layer includes portions on the back side circumjacent to the vias. 83. A system comprising: a supporting substrate; and at least one semiconductor substrate on the supporting substrate comprising a plurality of integrated circuits, a plurality of substrate contacts in electrical communication with the integrated circuits, and a plurality of through interconnects and redistribution conductors; each through interconnect comprising a via aligned with a substrate contact and a conductive layer at least partially lining the via in physical and electrical contact with the substrate contact, each conductor comprising a portion of the conductive layer. 84. The system of claim 83 wherein the conductors include terminal contact pads in an area array, and further comprising a plurality of terminal contacts on the terminal contact pads. 85. The system of claim 83 wherein the semiconductor substrate comprises an imager die. 86. The system of claim 83 wherein the semiconductor substrate comprises a high speed digital logic device selected from the group consisting of a dynamic random access memory (DRAM), a static random access memory (SRAM), a flash memory, a microprocessor, a digital signal processor (DSP), an application specific integrated circuit (ASIC), a MEMS type device, and a solar cell. 87. The system of claim 83 wherein the integrated circuits include radiation sensitive integrated circuits, and further comprising a transparent cover attached to the semiconductor substrate configured to protect the radiation sensitive integrated circuits. 88. The system of claim 83 wherein the supporting substrate comprises a module substrate, a circuit board or a computer mother board. 89. A system comprising: a supporting substrate; and a component on the supporting substrate comprising a plurality of substrate contacts, a plurality of through interconnects in electrical contact with the substrate contacts, a plurality of back side conductors in electrical communication with the through interconnects, and a plurality of terminal contacts in electrical communication with the conductors flip chip mounted to the supporting substrate; the through interconnects and the conductors comprising a same conductive layer. 90. The system of claim 89 wherein the terminal contacts comprise the same conductive layer. 91. The system of claim 89 wherein each through interconnect comprises a via, and a metal layer in the via in electrical contact with a substrate contact, and the conductors comprise portions of the metal layer. 92. The system of claim 89 wherein the supporting substrate comprises a module substrate, a circuit board or a computer mother board. 93. The system of claim 89 wherein the component comprises a semiconductor die comprising a plurality of integrated circuits in electrical communication with the substrate contacts, and the conductive layer at least partially lines the substrate contacts. 