A robust multi-wall tray which is easily retrofitable to a wheelchair. Due to the structural design, the tray is lightweight but yet more rigid than conventional solid wheelchair trays. The multi-wall tray can be secured to a wheelchair with conventional means or with several novel means that provide a smooth work surface free of screws or Velcro.TM.. A novel prior art adjustable tray support structure can also be integrated into the multi-wall tray to allow the system to mount robustly to the frame of a wheelchair and also allow the tray to fold away to the side of the wheelchair when not in use. Additionally, the multi-wall tray can have a sealed perimeter to create an enclosure for protecting electronic devices. The design can support electronic devices for computer assisted living while also providing a tray work surface for reading, writing or eating.
Claims 1) A tray for use while in the seated position, said tray comprising: a top panel; a bottom panel; support members disposed between the top and the bottom panels, said tray being of unitary construction and being configured such that the tray is mountable to support structure. 2) A tray as recited in claim 1, further comprising at least one storage compartment disposed between the top and bottom panels. 3) A tray as recited in claim 1, wherein the tray has a front side and a rear side, and the support members extend from the front side of the tray to the rear side of the tray. 4) A tray as recited in claim 1, wherein the tray is comprised of at least one of a plastic polymer and a carbon fiber material. 5) A tray as recited in claim 4, wherein the tray is at least one of translucent and opaque. 6) A tray as recited in claim 1, wherein the tray has a front edge, and the tray has a recess cutout at the front edge which is configured to accommodate a torso of a user. 7) A tray as recited in claim 1, wherein the tray is rectangular. 8) A tray as recited in claim 1, wherein there is a hole in the top panel. 9) A tray as recited in claim 1, wherein the tray comprises a top surface, and the top surface is smooth. 10) A tray as recited in claim 1, wherein the tray has an outer perimeter which has radiused corners. 11) A tray as recited in claim 1, further comprising a hook and latch fastening structure configured to attach the tray to the support structure. 12) A tray as recited in claim 1, further comprising tray support structure which engages and supports the tray, wherein the tray support structure comprises an upper support assembly and a lower support assembly, wherein the upper support assembly is configured to support the tray, is configured to telescope relative to the lower support assembly to facilitate height adjustment of the tray, and is configured to rotate relative to the lower support assembly such that the tray is orientateable away from the seating structure. 13) A tray as recited in claim 12, wherein the upper support assembly comprises a vertical tube which is configured to interact with corresponding structure on the lower support assembly to facilitate adjustment and securement of the vertical tube relative to the lower support assembly. 14) A tray as recited in claim 13, wherein the lower support assembly comprises a tube and a plunger which is disposed on the tube and has a tip, wherein the vertical tube includes at least one opening which is configured to receive the tip of the plunger. 15) A tray as recited in claim 12, further comprising a tray assembly which comprises a panel and a mounting bracket disposed on the panel and configured to engage corresponding structure on the upper support assembly for adjusting and securing a position of the panel. 16) A tray as recited in claim 12, further comprising an inner mounting clamp which is configured to mount to a frame of the seating structure, an outer mounting clamp which is configured to clamp to the lower support structure, and structure which is clamped by both the inner and outer mounting clamps such that the outer mounting clamp is spaced away from the inner mounting clamp. 17) A tray as recited in claim 16, wherein both the inner and outer mounting clamps are comprised of a plurality of clamp sections held together by fasteners. 18) A tray as recited in claim 1, wherein the tray has an outer perimeter and the tray further comprises trim molding which is engaged with the outer perimeter thereby forming an enclosure, wherein the support members are contained within the enclosure. 19) A tray as recited in claim 1, wherein the tray further comprises a handle. 20) A tray as recited in claim 1, wherein the tray has an outer perimeter and the tray further comprises a handle at the outer perimeter. 21) A tray as recited in claim 19, wherein the trim molding includes a handle. 22) A tray as recited in claim 1, wherein the tray comprises at least one interior compartment between the top and bottom panels, and printed material disposed in the at least one interior compartment. 23) A tray as recited in claim 1, wherein the tray comprises at least one interior compartment between the top and bottom panels, and at least one solar panel disposed in the at least one interior compartment. 24) A tray as recited in claim 1, wherein the tray comprises at least one interior compartment between the top and bottom panels, and an electronic display disposed in the at least one interior compartment. 25) A tray as recited in claim 1, wherein the tray comprises at least one interior compartment between the top and bottom panels, and a computer disposed in the at least one interior compartment. 26) A tray as recited in claim 25, further comprising a stylus pen which is useable as an input device for the computer. 27) A tray as recited in claim 1, wherein the tray comprises at least one interior compartment between the top and bottom panels, and a communication device disposed in the at least one interior compartment. 28) A tray as recited in claim 1, wherein the communication device comprises at least one of a cellular phone, an MP3 player, a walkie-talkie, an AM/FM radio and a satellite radio. 29) A tray as recited in claim 1, wherein the tray comprises at least one interior compartment between the top and bottom panels, and a speaker disposed in the at least one interior compartment. 30) A tray as recited in claim 1, wherein the tray comprises at least one interior compartment between the top and bottom panels, and a Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) unit disposed in the at least one interior compartment. 31) A tray as recited in claim 1, wherein the tray comprises at least one interior compartment between the top and bottom panels, and an electronic connector disposed in the at least one interior compartment. 32) A tray as recited in claim 31, wherein the tray has an outer perimeter and the tray further comprises trim molding which is engaged with the outer perimeter thereby forming an enclosure, wherein the support members are contained within the enclosure, and wherein the electronic connector is disposed in the trim molding. 33) A tray as recited in claim 1, wherein the tray has an outer perimeter and the tray further comprises trim molding which is engaged with the outer perimeter thereby forming an enclosure, wherein the support members are contained within the enclosure, further comprising a wire disposed between the outer perimeter of the tray and the trim molding. 34) A tray as recited in claim 1, wherein the tray comprises at least one interior compartment between the top and bottom panels, and said tray is configured such that an electronic device is positionable and removeable from the at least one interior compartment. 35) A tray as recited in claim 1, wherein the tray comprises at least one interior compartment between the top and bottom panels, further comprising at least one insert disposed in the at least one interior compartment, said at least one insert having at least one hole configured to receive a fastener. 36) A tray as recited in claim 1, further comprising at least one mounting bracket which is disposed on the bottom panel of the tray, said at least one mounting bracket being configured to mount to the seating structure. 37) A tray as recited in claim 1, wherein each of the top and bottom panels comprises two portions which are hinged together. 38) A tray as recited in claim 37, wherein the tray is configured such that the portions of the top panel are co-planar when the tray is orientated in a standard use position. 39) A tray as recited in claim 38, wherein the tray is configured such that the tray is selectively openable to a flat position and closeable such that the tray is folded in half. 40) A tray as recited in claim 39, further comprising a contoured hinge configured to prevent a user's finger from getting pinched during folding of the tray. 41) A tray as recited in claim 1, wherein the tray is incorporated into an assembly such that the tray is rotatable to a side of a wheelchair, nearly parallel to and flush to wheels of the wheelchair. 42) A tray as recited in claim 1, wherein the tray includes a connector which is configured to be electrically connectable to an electric device. 43) A tray as recited in claim 18, wherein the edge molding is configured such that the enclosure is water-resistant to a minimum level of IP21 per IEC 60529. 44) A tray as recited in claim 1, further comprising means for mounting the tray to the support structure, wherein the support structure comprises an armrest of a chair. 45) A tray as recited in claim 44, wherein the chair comprises a wheelchair. 