A building optimization system for optimizing an environment of a building is disclosed. The building optimization system includes a number of building optimization switches for controlling the environment of a corresponding space in a building according to a plurality of operation modes. The environment at least includes first and second lighting banks. Each building optimization switch includes first and second lighting controls for manually operating corresponding first and second lighting banks, and a wireless transceiver for receiving input signals from and transmitting environment data to a master controller via a wireless communication network. Each building optimization switch further includes logic responsive to input signals from the first and second lighting controls, and/or the master controller via the wireless receiver for controlling the first and second lighting banks, and a graphical display screen adapted to display a graphical user interface by which an occupant of the building can program the building optimization switch and receive data related to each of the plurality of operation modes.
Claims 1. A building optimization switch for controlling the environment of a space in a building according to a plurality of operation modes, the environment at least including first and second lighting banks, the building optimization switch comprising: first and second lighting controls for manually operating corresponding first and second lighting banks; a motion sensor for detecting occupancy of the space; a wireless receiver for receiving input signals from a master controller via a wireless communication network; logic responsive to input signals from the first and second lighting controls, the motion sensor, and/or the master controller via the wireless receiver for controlling the first and second lighting banks; and a graphical display screen adapted to display a graphical user interface by which an occupant of the building can program the building optimization switch and receive data related to each of the plurality of operation modes. 2. The building optimization switch in accordance with claim 1, further comprising a mode control for receiving, from an occupant, input associated with the plurality of operation modes. 3. The building optimization switch in accordance with claim 1, further comprising a wireless transmitter for transmitting status signals to the master controller. 4. The building optimization switch in accordance with claim 1, wherein the input signals include an instruction to turn off the second lighting bank. 5. The building optimization switch in accordance with claim 1, further comprising a service port adapted to receive programming or instruction data for the building optimization switch via a service key. 6. The building optimization switch in accordance with claim 1, further comprising a mounting bracket for mounting the building optimization switch in a standard lighting control faceplate. 7. The building optimization switch in accordance with claim 1, further comprising a temperature sensor for sensing a temperature of the space, the graphical display screen further configured to display the sensed temperature. 8. A building optimization switch for controlling the environment of a space in a building according to a plurality of operation modes, the environment at least including first and second lighting banks, the building optimization switch comprising: first and second lighting controls for manually operating corresponding first and second lighting banks; a wireless transceiver for receiving input signals from and transmitting environment data to a master controller via a wireless communication network; logic responsive to input signals from the first and second lighting controls, and/or the master controller via the wireless receiver for controlling the first and second lighting banks; and a graphical display screen adapted to display a graphical user interface by which an occupant of the building can program the building optimization switch and receive data related to each of the plurality of operation modes. 9. The building optimization switch in accordance with claim 8, further comprising a plurality of sensors to sense the environment data. 10. The building optimization switch in accordance with claim 9, wherein the plurality of sensors include a motion sensor for detecting occupancy of the space. 11. The building optimization switch in accordance with claim 9, wherein the plurality of sensors include a temperature sensor for sensing a temperature of the space. 12. The building optimization switch in accordance with claim 9, wherein the plurality of sensors include an external solar sensor for detecting an amount of external solar light being received proximate the space. 13. The building optimization switch in accordance with claim 9, wherein the plurality of sensors include an external lighting sensor for detecting a light level within the space. 14. The building optimization switch in accordance with claim 8, further comprising a mode control for receiving, from an occupant, input associated with the plurality of operation modes. 15. The building optimization switch in accordance with claim 8, wherein the input signals include an instruction to turn off the second lighting bank. 16. A building optimization system for controlling the environment of a building according to a plurality of operation modes, the building being composed of a number of defined spaces, the environment at least including first and second lighting banks in each space, the building optimization system comprising: a master controller for transmitting control signals via a wireless communication network to control the environment according to the plurality of operation modes; and a plurality of building optimization switches, at least one switch per space, each building optimization switch comprising: first and second lighting controls for manually operating corresponding first and second lighting banks; a wireless transceiver for receiving the control signals from the master controller, and for transmitting environment data to the master controller via the wireless communication network; logic responsive to input signals from the first and second lighting controls, and/or the master controller via the wireless receiver for controlling the first and second lighting banks. 17. The building optimization system in accordance with claim 16, wherein each building optimization switch further comprises a graphical display screen adapted to display a graphical user interface by which an occupant of the building can program the building optimization switch and receive data related to each of the plurality of operation modes. 18. The building optimization system in accordance with claim 16, wherein the plurality of operation modes includes an ON mode in which the first and second lighting banks are in an "on" state. 19. The building optimization system in accordance with claim 16, wherein the plurality of operation modes includes an OFF mode in which the first and second lighting banks are in an OFF state, at least in part responsive to the environment data. 20. The building optimization system in accordance with claim 16, wherein the plurality of operation modes includes a SOLAR mode in which the first and second lighting banks are controlled according to an amount of solar light detected for the space. 21. The building optimization system in accordance with claim 16, wherein the plurality of operation modes includes a DEMAND mode in which the first and second lighting banks are controlled according to peak demand levels occurring in a geographic region associated with the building. 22. The building optimization system in accordance with claim 17, wherein the plurality of operation modes includes an EXIT mode in which the graphical display screen displays a message for occupants of the space to exit the building. 23. The building optimization system in accordance with claim 16, wherein the plurality of operation modes includes a SETUP mode in which selected ones of the plurality of building optimization switches receive instruction or programming data. 24. The building optimization system in accordance with claim 16, wherein the wireless communication network operates according to a ZigBee communication protocol. 25. A building optimization switch for controlling the environment of a space in a building according to a plurality of operation modes, the environment at least including first and second lighting banks, the building optimization switch comprising: first and second lighting controls for manually operating corresponding first and second lighting banks; a wireless transceiver for receiving input signals from and for transmitting environment data to a master controller via a wireless communication network, the wireless transceiver further configured for receiving the environment data from one or more sensors associated with the building optimization switch; and logic responsive to input signals from the first and second lighting controls, and/or the master controller via the wireless receiver for controlling the first and second lighting banks. 