An integrated voltaic energy system incorporates a bio-friendly DC power generator with a photovoltaic (PV) system connected to feed a main service panel and a utility grid. A plurality of inverters are connected one each, to a respective output of one of a plurality of photovoltaic (PV) solar arrays. The outputs of each of the inverters are connected to a main service panel and a utility grid. A further inverter is connected to the DC power generator and in parallel with the other inverters. The DC power generator is also connected to each of the PV solar panel inverters through a switch operated at a specific time manually or automatically. When switched the DC power generator feeds all of the inverters. A resistor/capacitor structure is connected between the DC power generator and each inverter. A self-powered timer may control the output level of the DC power generator.
Claims 1. An integrated photovoltaic (PV) system, comprising: at least one PV solar panel; at least one inverter connected respectively to an individual said PV solar panel; an electrical connection capable of connecting the output of said at least one inverter to a main service panel of a local residential or commercial load and a utility grid; a bio-friendly DC power unit; and a further inverter connected to said DC power unit, said further inverter also being connected to said electrical connection. 2. The system of claim 1, also including a switch on the output of said DC power unit; and an electrical connection from said switch into said at least one inverter connected respectively to said at least one PV solar panel; said electrical connection including resistor circuit in series with said electrical connection to said at least one inverter; and an identical resister circuit in said connection from said DC power unit to said further inverter. 3. The system of claim 2, including: a plurality of identical PV solar panels; a plurality of identical inverters connected one each respectively to said plurality of PV solar panels, said plurality of identical inverters each being connected in parallel to said electrical connection capable of connecting to said main service panel and said utility grid; wherein said electrical connection from said switch also connects to each of said plurality of identical inverters; and wherein said connection from said switch to said plurality of identical inverters has an identical resister circuit to that of said DC power source to said further inverter. 4. The system of claim 3, wherein said identical resister circuits each also includes a capacitor shunted to ground. 5. The system of claim 47 wherein said bio-friendly DC power unit includes a controller which duplicates a DC power level equal to the DC power level output of an individual PV solar panel when said sun irradiance is sufficient for said plurality of identical PV solar panels to have an output; and a power level equal to the aggregate sum of the power levels of said plurality of identical plural PV solar panels when said PV solar panels are not outputting power. 6. The system of claim 5, wherein said switch is a manually operated switch. 7. The system of claim 6, wherein said switch is an automatically operated switch responsive to a self-powered timer. 8. The system of claim 7, wherein said DC power unit output is controlled by a self-powered timer. 9. The system of claim 5, wherein said DC power unit includes a diesel fuel powered generator. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein said diesel fuel powered generator includes a biofuel powered generator run by bio-diesel fuel or vegetable oil fuel. 11. The system of claim 47 wherein said DC power unit includes a wind electric power generator. 12. The system of claim 4, wherein said DC power unit includes a hydro electric power generator. 13. The system of claim 4, wherein said DC power unit includes a fuel cell power generator. 14. 1. An integrated photovoltaic (PV) system, comprising: a plurality of identical DC output PV solar panels operating in parallel; a plurality of identical power rated and programmed inverters connected in parallel, one each to a respective one of said plurality of identical DC output PV solar panels and connected in parallel to an electric system connection on their outputs; a bio-friendly DC power unit; and a further inverter of identical power rating and program as said plurality of said inverters, connected in parallel to said plurality of said inverters to said electric system connection; wherein said bio-friendly DC power unit is controlled to supply the same power to said further inverter when said plurality of PV solar panels are outputting power; and wherein said DC power unit is connected to said plurality of identical power rated and programmed inverters connected in parallel to supply substitute power thereto when said plurality of parallel operating PV solar panels are not operative. 