An emergency location identification system is provided. The system includes a monitoring unit and an emergency light unit. The monitoring unit is connected to a telephone system of a facility, and responds to some predetermined dialing of the telephone generating signals, which is going to control the behavior of the emergency light unit. The emergency light unit includes a plurality of colors and shapes adapted to display a emergency location identification to an emergency crew or visitors. The emergency light unit may include blue, green, and red lights and may flash for some instances. Also, the emergency light may have a predetermined shape such as arrow, triangle, and others to alert people properly for the emergency situations.
Claims 1. An emergency location identification system associated with a telephone system, comprising: a monitoring unit configured to be connected to the telephone system for generating signals by monitoring phone calls made at the telephone system; and an emergency light unit controlled by the signals from the monitoring unit, the emergency light unit comprising one or more first light panels and a plurality of second light panels, wherein the light panels are disposed at a plurality of locations around a facility in which the telephone system is located, wherein the emergency light unit is activated when an emergency call is made at the telephone system, and wherein the emergency light unit displays a visual identification and direction of the location associated with the telephone system. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the emergency call comprises a 911 call. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the telephone system comprises a plurality of phone jacks, and wherein the monitoring unit is adapted to be plugged into one of the phone jack. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the telephone system comprises a main phone junction box, wherein the monitoring unit is adapted to be connected to the main phone junction box. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the monitoring unit is configured to be plugged into an external power supply. 6. The system of claim 5, wherein the external power supply comprises a wall outlet. 7. The system of claim 5, wherein the monitoring unit comprises a power backup, and wherein the power backup comprises one or more batteries or solar cells. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein the monitoring unit is configured to be plugged into a cigarette lighter/computer plug in a vehicle. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein the first light panel is lit steadily upon receiving a first signal from the monitoring unit, wherein the second light panel flashes with a predetermined interval upon receiving a second signal from the monitoring unit, and wherein the second signal is issued by the emergency call. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein the first light panel comprises a plurality of green lights, wherein the second light panel comprises a plurality of flashing blue lights. 11. The system of claim 1, further comprising a manual controller for controlling the emergency location identification system manually. 12. The system of claim 11, further comprising a timer for controlling the time of operation of the light panels, wherein the timer sets the time of operation of the light panels. 13. The system of claim 1, further comprising a flash sequencer for controlling light flashing patterns of the second light panels. 14. The system of claim 1, wherein at least part of the first and second light panels are disposed around the facility. 15. The system of claim 14, wherein at least part of the first and second light panels are disposed to indicate a direction to the facility. 16. The system of claim 15, wherein the facility comprises a house, an apartment complex comprising a plurality of subdivisions which look alike, and a building comprising a plurality of rooms which look alike. 17. The system of claim 15, wherein at least part of the first and second light panels are disposed at driveways or corners of neighboring streets. 18. The system of claim 15, wherein at least part of the first and second light panels are disposed next to an address panel of the facility. 19. The system of claim 1, wherein the emergency light unit further comprises one or more light casing, wherein the light casing contains at least part of the lights. 20. The system of claim 1, wherein at least part of the light panels have arrow shapes, wherein the light panels having the arrow shape flash in a coordinated pattern simulating a flying arrow upon receiving a signal from the monitoring unit, and wherein the signal is issued by the emergency call. 