A temporary dog-confining device is provided for public use. Structurally, the device includes an enclosure formed from front, rear, and opposed side walls. For use, the rear and side walls are covered with screens to provide shade in the enclosure. Further, the enclosure includes a roof covered with a canopy for shading the enclosure. Also, the front wall defines an opening that is selectively closed by a door. In order to secure a dog within the enclosure, the device includes an assembly for locking the door in a closed configuration. Specifically, the locking assembly is operable by a user after a required payment. Moreover, the device includes a separately-accessible compartment mounted within the enclosure to house a fluid container for providing water to a dog in the enclosure. Importantly, that compartment is secured by a fastener that is operated independently of the locking assembly.
Claims 1. A temporary dog-confining device for public use comprising: an enclosure forming an opening, wherein said enclosure defines a space for holding a dog; a door for closing the opening; an assembly for locking the door in closed configuration; and an interface for receiving a payment from a user, wherein after the payment is received the interface allows the user to lock the door a single time and thereafter to unlock the door. 2. A device as recited in claim 1 wherein the enclosure is formed with opposed front and rear walls, opposed side walls, and a roof, and wherein the front wall defines the opening. 3. A device as recited in claim 2 further comprising a canopy connected to the roof for providing shade in the enclosure. 4. A device as recited in claim 4 further comprising a side screen connected to at least one side wall for providing shade in the enclosure. 5. A device as recited in claim 4 further comprising a compartment mounted to the rear wall, with the compartment positioned within the enclosure to house a fluid container for providing water to a dog in the enclosure. 6. A device as recited in claim 5 further comprising a fastener for securing the compartment to prevent contamination of the fluid container. 7. A device as recited in claim 5 wherein the fluid container is a fluid bladder suspended from the compartment. 8. A device as recited in claim 1 further comprising a compartment mounted within the enclosure to house a fluid container for providing water to a dog in the enclosure. 9. A device as recited in claim 8 further comprising a fastener for securing the compartment to prevent contamination of the fluid container. 10. A temporary dog-confining device for public use comprising: a means for enclosing a space for holding a dog; a means for providing access to the enclosed space; a means for securing the enclosed space upon receipt of a payment; and a means for unsecuring the enclosed space upon receipt of an input. 11. A device as recited in claim 10 wherein the enclosing means includes an enclosure forming an opening, wherein said enclosure defines the space and an opening formed in the enclosure provides access to the enclosed space. 12. A device as recited in claim 11 wherein a door is provided to close the opening and wherein an assembly for locking the door in a closed configuration is provided to secure the enclosed space upon receipt of a payment. 13. A device as recited in claim 12 further comprising a means for providing shelter and shade to the enclosed space. 14. A device as recited in claim 13 further comprising a means for providing drinking water in the enclosed space, and a means for preventing tampering of the drinking water. 15. A device as recited in claim 14 wherein the providing means comprises a compartment mounted within the enclosure to house a fluid container for providing water to a dog in the enclosure, and wherein the preventing means comprises a fastener for securing the compartment to prevent contamination of the fluid container. 16. A device as recited in claim 15 wherein the fluid container is a fluid bladder suspended from the compartment. 17. A method of facilitating use of a public area by dog owners comprising the steps of: positioning a plurality of dog-confining devices at the public area for use by dog owners, with each device comprising an enclosure defining an opening, a door for closing the opening, an assembly for locking the door, with the assembly being operable by a user after payment to selectively lock the door in a closed configuration, and a compartment mounted within the enclosure; mounting a fluid container in each compartment to provide water to a dog in each enclosure; and locking each compartment to prevent contamination of each fluid container. 18. A method as recited in claim 17 further comprising the steps of: establishing a unique key for the user to input into the locking assembly after payment; and requiring input of the unique key to unlock the door. 19. A method as recited in claim 17 wherein the enclosure is formed from with opposed front and rear walls, opposed side walls, and a roof, wherein the front wall defines the opening, and wherein the method further comprises the steps of: connecting a canopy to the enclosure of each device to provide shade therein; and connecting a solar screen to the rear wall and to the side walls of each device to provide shade in the enclosure. 20. A method as recited in claim 19 wherein the fluid container is a fluid bladder and wherein the mounting step is accomplished by suspending the bladder from the compartment. 