A system for recycling drilling sludge is disclosed. The system has a treatment area and a salt-tolerant bio-reactor coupled to the treatment area. The bio-reactor has i) at least one bio-suspension element for supporting the growth of at least one type of biological microorganism within an enclosed flow zone; ii) an agitator for creating a flow of the drilling sludge through the enclosed flow zone at a flow rate; and iii) an aerator for providing a gas to the enclosed flow zone. The system also has a processor coupled to the agitator and configured to create at least a minimum self-cleaning drag force between drilling sludge passing through the enclosed flow zone and the combined at least one type of biological microorganism and the at least one bio-suspension element. A related method and bio-reactor are also disclosed.
Claims 1. A method of recycling drilling sludge, comprising: directing the drilling sludge to a treatment area; passing the drilling sludge from the treatment area through a salt-tolerant bio-reactor to reduce oil, sludge, and carbon compounds to produce remaining wastewater; and removing salt from the remaining wastewater. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein directing the drilling sludge to the treatment area comprises pumping the drilling sludge to the treatment area. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein directing the drilling sludge to the treatment area comprises delivering the drilling sludge to the treatment area by barrel. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein directing the drilling sludge to the treatment area comprises fluidically coupling a drilling area to the treatment area. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein the treatment area is selected from the group consisting of a lagoon, a land-based bladder, a floating bladder, a lined pond, a lined lake, and a storage tank. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein the salt-tolerant bio-reactor is located external to the treatment area. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein the salt-tolerant bio-reactor is located at least partially within the treatment area. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein the salt-tolerant bio-reactor comprises: at least one bio-suspension element for supporting the growth of at least one type of biological microorganism within an enclosed flow zone; an agitator for creating a flow of the drilling sludge through the enclosed flow zone at a flow rate; and an aerator for providing a gas to the enclosed flow zone. 9. The method of claim 8, wherein passing the drilling sludge through the salt-tolerant bio-reactor comprises creating at least a minimum self-cleaning drag force between the drilling sludge passing through the enclosed flow zone and the combined at least one type of biological microorganism and the at least one bio-suspension element. 10. The method of claim 9, wherein creating at least the minimum self-cleaning drag force comprises adjusting the flow rate. 11. The method of claim 9, wherein creating at least the minimum self-cleaning drag force comprises adjusting a cross-sectional area of the enclosed flow zone. 12. The method of claim 8, wherein the gas comprises oxygen. 13. The method of claim 8, further comprising introducing the at least one type of microorganism into the enclosed flow zone with the drilling sludge. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein the at least one type of microorganism is introduced into the enclosed flow zone intermittently. 15. The method of claim 1, wherein removing salt from the remaining wastewater comprises passing the remaining wastewater through a reverse osmosis filter to produce a first reclaimed water. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein removing salt from the remaining wastewater further comprises evaporating the remaining wastewater and collecting evaporated water through condensation to produce a second reclaimed wastewater. 17. The method of claim 1, wherein removing salt from the remaining wastewater comprises evaporating the remaining wastewater and collecting evaporated water through condensation to produce reclaimed wastewater. 18. The method of claim 17 wherein removing salt from the remaining wastewater further comprises removing heavy metals left behind with the salts after evaporation of the remaining wastewater. 19. The method of claim 1, further comprising separating inert solids from the drilling sludge. 20. The method of claim 1, wherein: the drilling sludge through the salt-tolerant bio-reactor produces a biomass; and the biomass or a sludge residue is run through a gasification reactor. 21. The method of claim 20, wherein toxins and heavy metals which remained in the biomass or the sludge residue prior to being run through the gasification reactor are encapsulated in glass as a result of the biomass or sludge residue being run through the gasification reactor. 22. The method of claim 21, wherein the glass is used as filler for concrete or road beds. 23. The method of claim 20, wherein heat or gases produced by the gasification reactor are used to generate electrical power. 24. The method of claim 23, wherein the generated electrical power is used at least in part to power the drilling process which generated the sludge residue. 25. The method of claim 23, wherein the generated electrical power is returned, at least in part, to an electrical grid. 26. A system for recycling drilling sludge, comprising: a) a treatment area; and b) a salt-tolerant bio-reactor, coupled to the treatment area, the bio-reactor comprising: i) at least one bio-suspension element for supporting the growth of at least one type of biological microorganism within an enclosed flow zone; ii) an agitator for creating a flow of the drilling sludge through the enclosed flow zone at a flow rate; and iii) an aerator for providing a gas to the enclosed flow zone; and c) a processor coupled to the agitator and configured to create at least a minimum self-cleaning drag force between drilling sludge passing through the enclosed flow zone and the combined at least one type of biological microorganism and the at least one bio-suspension element. 27. The system of claim 26, further comprising a drag force sensor configured to determine a current drag force between drilling sludge passing through the enclosed flow zone and the combined at least one type of biological microorganism and the at least one bio-suspension element. 28. The system of claim 26, further comprising a flow rate sensor configured to determine a flow rate of the drilling sludge through the enclosed flow zone. 29. The system of claim 26, wherein the processor is further configured to create at least the minimum self-cleaning drag force by adjusting the flow rate. 30. The system of claim 26, further comprising a cross-sectional area adjuster coupled to the enclosed flow zone and the processor, wherein the processor is further configured to create at least the minimum self-cleaning drag force by adjusting a cross-sectional area of the enclosed flow zone using the cross-sectional area adjuster. 31. The system of claim 26, wherein the gas comprises oxygen. 32. The system of claim 26, further comprising a microorganism dispenser configured to introduce the at least one type of microorganism into the enclosed flow zone with the drilling sludge. 33. The system of claim 32, wherein the dispenser is configured to introduce the at least one type of microorganism into the enclosed flow zone intermittently. 34. The system of claim 26, wherein the treatment area is selected from the group consisting of a lagoon, a land-based bladder, a floating bladder, a lined pond, a lined lake, and a storage tank. 35. The system of claim 26, wherein the salt-tolerant bio-reactor is configured to be located on a platform, on a boat, on a vehicle, or on land. 36. The system of claim 26, wherein the salt-tolerant bio-reactor is configured to be located at least partially in the drilling sludge in the treatment area. 37. The system of claim 26, wherein the treatment area is portable. 38. The system of claim 26, wherein the salt-tolerant bio-reactor is portable. 39. The system of claim 26 further comprising a reverse osmosis filter configured to reclaim water from treated drilling sludge after conversion of hydrocarbons in the drilling sludge to water, gas, and biomass energy. 40. The system of claim 39, wherein the reverse osmosis filter is portable. 41. The system of claim 26, further comprising a gasification reactor configured to convert sludge residue and biomass into energy for power generation. 42. The system of claim 26, further comprising an evaporation device configured to reclaim water from treated drilling sludge. 43. The system of claim 42, wherein the evaporation device comprises: at least one condensation collection gutter; a condensation surface; and a heat source for evaporating water from treated drilling sludge, such that the evaporated water condenses on the condensation surface, and runs into the at least one condensation gutter. 44. The system of claim 43, further comprising at least one float for helping the evaporation device to have a relatively steady position with regard to the height of the liquid surface within the treatment area. 45. The system of claim 43, wherein the heat source comprises a solar energy absorbing surface. 46. The system of claim 45, wherein the condensation surface comprises the solar energy absorbing surface. 47. The system of claim 43, wherein the heat source comprises a heater. 48. A bio-reactor, comprising: at least one bio-suspension element for supporting the growth of at least one type of biological microorganism within an enclosed flow zone; an agitator for creating a flow of a bio-food through the enclosed flow zone at a flow rate; an aerator for providing a gas to the enclosed flow zone; and a processor coupled to the agitator and configured to create at least a minimum self-cleaning drag force between bio-food passing through the enclosed flow zone and the combined at least one type of biological microorganism and the at least one bio-suspension element. 49. The bio-reactor of claim 48, further comprising a microorganism dispenser configured to introduce the at least one type of microorganism into the enclosed flow zone with the bio-food. 50. The system of claim 49, wherein the dispenser is configured to introduce the at least one type of microorganism into the enclosed flow zone intermittently. 51. The system of claim 48, further comprising a drag force sensor coupled to the enclosed flow zone for measuring a current drag force. 52. The system of claim 51, wherein: the processor is further configured to monitor the current drag force from the drag force sensor; and increase the flow from the agitator if the current drag force is less than the minimum self-cleaning drag force. 