A utility resource conservation method may include determining a periodic consumption value for at least one utility resource by a utility consumer without use of at least one utility resource conservation device, and determining a periodic payment amount for the utility consumer with use of the at least one utility resource conservation device by applying a discount to the periodic consumption value so that the periodic payment amount is less than the periodic consumption value. The method may further include installing the at least one conservation device to reduce consumption of the at least one utility resource by the utility consumer. The periodic payment amount may advantageously include payment for the reduced consumption of the at least one utility resource, and for the at least one utility resource conservation device.
Claims 1. A utility resource conservation method comprising: determining a periodic consumption value for at least one utility resource by a utility consumer without use of at least one utility resource conservation device; determining a periodic payment amount for the utility consumer with use of the at least one utility resource conservation device by applying a discount to the periodic consumption value so that the periodic payment amount is less than the periodic consumption value; and installing the at least one conservation device to reduce consumption of the at least one utility resource by the utility consumer; wherein the periodic payment amount includes payment for the reduced consumption of the at least one utility resource and for the at least one utility resource conservation device. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein the discount is based on an expected utility resource savings from use of the at least one utility resource conservation device. 3. The method of claim 2 wherein the expected utility resource savings includes an expected energy reduction credit. 4. The method of claim 2 wherein the expected utility resource savings includes a block energy purchase savings. 5. The method of claim 1 wherein the discount is fixed for a predetermined number of payments. 6. The method of claim 5 wherein the discount is increased after the predetermined number of payments. 7. The method of claim 1 wherein installation of the at least one utility resource conservation device is designed to provide an energy reduction credit threshold. 8. The method of claim 1 further comprising: re-determining the periodic consumption value; and re-determining the periodic payment amount by re-applying the discount to the re-determined periodic consumption value. 9. The method of claim 8 wherein the re-determinations are made after a predetermined number of payments. 10. The method of claim 1 wherein the periodic payment is fixed for a plurality of periods. 11. The method of claim 1 wherein the at least one utility resource comprises a plurality thereof. 12. The method of claim 1 wherein the at least one utility resource comprises at least one of electricity, natural gas, heating oil and water. 13. The method of claim 1 wherein the at least one utility resource conservation device comprises a plurality thereof. 14. The method of claim 1 wherein the at least one conservation device comprises at least one of a utility resource replacement device and a utility resource reduction device. 15. The method of claim 14 wherein the at least one utility resource replacement device comprises at least one of a solar water heater, a photovoltaic panel and a wind turbine. 16. The method of claim 14 wherein the at least one utility resource reduction device comprises at least one of an increased-efficiency lighting system, an increased-efficiency HVAC system, a water saving device and a utility use monitoring and control system. 17. An energy conservation method comprising: determining a periodic energy consumption value by an energy consumer without use of at least one energy conservation device; determining an expected energy savings from use of the at least one energy conservation device; determining a discount based on the expected energy savings; determining a periodic payment amount for the energy consumer with use of the at least one energy conservation device by applying the discount to the periodic energy consumption value so that the periodic payment amount is less than the periodic energy consumption value, the periodic payment amount including payment for the reduced energy consumption and for the at least one energy conservation device; and installing the at least one energy conservation device to reduce consumption of energy by the energy consumer. 18. The method of claim 17 wherein the expected energy savings includes an expected energy reduction credit. 19. The method of claim 17 wherein the expected energy savings includes a block energy purchase savings. 20. The method of claim 17 wherein the at least one energy reduction device comprises at least one of an increased-efficiency lighting system, an increased-efficiency HVAC system, a solar water heater, a photovoltaic panel, and a utility use monitoring and control system. 21. A utility resource conservation method comprising: determining a periodic consumption value for at least one utility resource by a utility consumer without use of at least one utility resource conservation device, the at least one utility resource conservation device comprising at least one utility resource replacement device; determining a periodic payment amount for the utility consumer with use of the at least one utility resource conservation device by applying a discount to the periodic consumption value so that the periodic payment amount is less than the periodic consumption value; and installing the at least one utility resource conservation device to reduce consumption of the at least one utility resource by the utility consumer; wherein the periodic payment amount includes payment for the reduced consumption of the at least one utility resource and for the at least one utility resource conservation device. 22. The method of claim 21 wherein the at least one utility resource replacement device comprises at least one of a solar water heater, a photovoltaic panel and a wind turbine. 23. The method of claim 21 wherein the at least one utility resource device further comprises at least one utility resource reduction device. 