A photovoltaic module includes a backsheet layer, a transparent upper support layer, a photovoltaic layer positioned between the backsheet layer and the transparent upper support layer, and a non-conductive frame. The photovoltaic layer includes a plurality of electrically connected photovoltaic cells, and the non-conductive frame includes at least one irradiated polymer element adapted to contact a portion of backsheet layer and the transparent upper support layer. The backsheet layer, the transparent upper support layer, the photovoltaic layer, and the non-conductive frame are laminated to form the photovoltaic module.
Claims 1. A method of forming a photovoltaic module, comprising: extruding a polymer material to form at least one edge element; irradiating the at least one edge element to cross-link the polymer material; bonding the at least one edge element to a photovoltaic component including a plurality of interconnected photovoltaic cells disposed between a transparent layer and a backsheet layer, the at least one edge element bonded to a front surface of the transparent layer and a back surface of the backsheet layer; and laminating the at least one edge element and the photovoltaic component, in the absence of a mold, to form the photovoltaic module. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein the at least one edge element comprises a single member disposed around the perimeter of the photovoltaic component. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein the at least one edge element comprises edge members and corner members. 4. The method of claim 3 further comprising overlapping the corner members over the edge members. 5. The method of claim 1 further comprising disposing a bonding agent on a surface of the at least one edge element prior to the bonding step. 6. The method of claim 1 further comprising irradiating the at least one edge element with an energy of about 2 MR to about 20 MR. 7. The method of claim 1 wherein the at least one edge element comprises a non-electrically conductive material. 8. The method of claim 1 further comprising irradiating the edge element to sufficiently cross-link the polymer material so that the polymer material does not flow during the lamination step. 9. The method of claim 5 further comprising irradiating the bonding agent. 10. A method of forming a laminated photovoltaic module, comprising: providing a photovoltaic component including a plurality of electrically connected photovoltaic cells disposed between a backsheet layer and a transparent layer; attaching at least one edge member comprising a first irradiated polymer on the photovoltaic component so as to contact a front surface of the transparent layer and a back surface of the backsheet layer; attaching at least one corner member comprising a second irradiated polymer on the photovoltaic component so as to contact the front surface of the transparent layer and the back surface of the backsheet layer, and to form together with the at least one edge element at least a portion of a non-conductive frame about the photovoltaic component; and laminating the photovoltaic component together with the at least one edge member and the at least one corner member to form the laminated photovoltaic module. 11. The method of claim 10 further comprising attaching at least four edge members to the photovoltaic component. 12. The method of claim 11 further comprising attaching four corner members to the photovoltaic component and the at least four edge members. 13. The method of claim 12 further comprising overlapping each corner member over two edge members. 14. The method of claim 10 further comprising disposing a bonding layer on a surface of each edge member prior to attaching the edge members to the photovoltaic component. 15. The method of claim 14 wherein the bonding layer comprises an acid co-polymer of methacrylic acid. 16. The method of claim 14 wherein the bonding layer comprises an acid co-polymer of acrylic acid and polyethylene. 17. The method of claim 14 wherein the bonding layer comprises an ionomer. 18. The method of claim 14 further comprising irradiating the at least one edge member and the bonding layer with an energy of about 2 MR to about 20 MR prior to attaching the at least one edge member to the photovoltaic component. 19. The method of claim 18 further comprising disposing the bonding layer on each corner member and irradiating the bonding layer and each corner member with an energy of about 2 MR to about 20 MR prior to attaching the corner members to the photovoltaic component. 20. The method of claim 18 further comprising applying a silane coupling agent to at least a portion of the transparent layer prior to attaching the at least one edge member to the photovoltaic component. 21. The method of claim 10 further comprising attaching at least one non-electrically conductive mounting element to the laminated photovoltaic module. 22. The method of claim 21 wherein the non-electrically conductive mounting element comprises a filled polymer. 23. The method of claim 22 wherein the filled polymer includes a filler selected from the group consisting of aluminum trihydrate, calcium carbonate, calcium sulfate, carbon fibers, glass fibers, hollow glass microspheres, kaolin clay, mica, crushed silica, synthetic silica, talc, wollastonite, nano-clay particles, and sawdust. 24. A system for protecting edges of a photovoltaic module, comprising: a plurality of edge members comprising a first irradiated polymer and adapted to physically contact both an upper surface and a lower surface of the photovoltaic module, each edge member sealing a respective edge of the photovoltaic module; and a plurality of corner members comprising a second irradiated polymer and adapted to physically contact both the upper surface and the lower surface of the photovoltaic module, each corner member sealing a respective corner of the photovoltaic module. 25. The system of claim 24 wherein the first irradiated polymer and the second irradiated polymer are formed from a same initial polymer material. 26. The system of claim 24 wherein the first irradiated polymer is irradiated at a dosage to create both thermoset and thermoplastic properties. 27. The system of claim 24 wherein the second irradiated polymer is irradiated at a dosage of about 2 MR to about 20 MR. 28. The system of claim 24 wherein each edge member is tapered. 29. The system of claim 24 wherein each edge member has a U-shape. 30. The system of claim 24 wherein each corner member has a hollow L-shape. 31. The system of claim 24 further comprising a bonding layer disposed on at least a portion of an interior surface of each edge member so as to contact at least one of the upper surface and the lower surface of the photovoltaic module. 32. The system of claim 31 wherein the bonding layer is irradiated with an electron beam. 33. The system of claim 24 further comprising a bonding layer disposed on at least a portion of an interior surface of each corner member so as to contact at least a portion of the respective corner of the photovoltaic module. 34. A photovoltaic module comprising: a lower support layer; an upper support layer comprising a transparent sheet; a photovoltaic layer positioned between the lower support layer and the upper support layer, the photovoltaic layer comprising a plurality of electrically connected photovoltaic cells; and a non-conductive frame comprising at least one irradiated polymer element adapted to contact a portion of the lower support layer and the upper support layer; wherein the lower support layer, the upper support layer, the photovoltaic layer, and the non-conductive frame are laminated to form the photovoltaic module. 35. The photovoltaic module of claim 34 wherein each of the irradiated polymer elements overlap at least one other irradiated polymer element to form the non-conductive frame. 36. The photovoltaic module of claim 34 wherein the irradiated polymer elements include at least one edge member and at least one corner member. 37. The photovoltaic module of claim 34 wherein the irradiated polymer elements have both thermoset and thermoplastic properties. 38. The photovoltaic module of claim 34 further comprising at least one non-electrically conductive mounting element disposed on a lower support layer side of the photovoltaic module, the at least one non-electrically conductive mounting element providing an increase in stiffness to the photovoltaic module. 39. The photovoltaic module of claim 38 wherein the at least one non-electrically conductive mounting element is made of a composite material including a polymer and a filler. 