A trough reflector for solar energy collection is constructed from transverse ribs which support a reflective surface. Side edge support rails mounted on ends of the ribs support linear edges of the reflective surface. The edge support rails have a channel-like construction with an inner flange member which is in contact with a top of the reflective surface, and a lip member extending from an outer flange member. The edge region of the reflective surface rests on the lip member with the edge of the reflective surface in contact with the outer flange member. A turning moment is applied to the edge regions of the reflective surface to ensure that the entire reflective surface is parabolic. An arcuate profile of ribs of the trough reflector is converted into a parabolic profile by the application of a force to the ends of the ribs.
Claims 1. A method of constructing a trough reflector for a solar energy collector, said method comprising the sequential steps of (a) positioning an array of spaced apart, transverse ribs on a jig, each rib having a top surface that has a profile which is a parabola; each rib having an aperture adjacent to each end of rib, each aperture extending at least partially through the rib from the top surface thereof; (b) positioning a reflective surface comprising at least one rectangular sheet having an upper surface which is highly reflective of solar energy on said ribs, said reflective surface having dimensions such that, when so positioned, it is in contact with said top surfaces of said ribs, with parabolic end edges and with substantially linear side edges; said side edges being positioned adjacent to but inwardly of the respective ends of said ribs; (c) positioning at least one side edge support rail on each of said linear side edges, said at least one side edge support rail being positioned adjacent to respective ends of said ribs; each side edge support rail comprising an elongate metal strut which has a cross-sectional shape that comprises (i) a planar web member; (ii) an inner flange member and an outer flange member, each of said flange members extending orthogonally from a respective edge of said web member, to form a pair of parallel flange members; and a lip member extending orthogonally from the edge of said outer flange member which is remote from said web member, a short distance towards said inner flange member; (iii) each side edge support rail having a portion of its lip member removed from each region of said side edge support rail which overlies one of said ribs; each side edge support rail being positioned to have at least one respective linear edge of said reflective surface positioned on its lip member and in contact with, its outer flange member; said mounting of said side edge support rails being effected by a plurality of bolts, each of said bolts being passed through a respective clearance aperture in said web member of one of said side edge support rails, and through a clearance aperture in said reflective surface adjacent to one of said linear side edges, to engage with threads which are formed in said apertures in said ribs or are provided by a nut, said bolts being lightly tightened; and (d) tightening of said mounting bolts to cause each inner flange member of said support rails to apply a downwards force onto said linear edge region of the reflective sheet which is inside the mounting bolts, and to cause each lip member to apply an upwards force to said linear edge region of the reflective surface which overlies said lip member, thereby applying a turning moment to said linear edge regions of said reflective surface to make said reflective surface conform closely to the parabolic shape of said upper surface of said ribs. 2. A method of constructing a trough reflector for a solar energy concentrator, as defined in claim 1, in which each rib is formed from a panel, or comprises a plurality of tabs pressed from, or attached to, a panel. 3. A method of constructing a trough reflector for a solar energy concentrator, said method comprising the sequential steps of: (a) positioning an array of spaced apart, flexible and resilient, transverse ribs on a jig, each rib having a top surface that has a profile which is an arc of a circle; each rib having an aperture adjacent to each end of the rib, each aperture extending at least partially through the rib from the top surface thereof; (b) positioning, on said ribs, a reflective surface comprising either at least one rectangular sheet having an upper surface which is highly reflective of solar energy or a plurality of panels each having an upper surface which is highly reflective of solar energy, said reflective surface having dimensions such that, when so positioned, it is in contact with said top surfaces of said ribs, with arcuate end edges and with substantially linear side edges; said side edges being positioned adjacent to but inwardly of the respective ends of said ribs; (c) positioning at least one side edge support rail on each of said linear side edges, said at least one side edge support rail being positioned adjacent to respective ends of said ribs; each side edge support rail comprising an elongate metal strut which has a cross-sectional shape that comprises (i) a planar web member; (ii) an inner flange member and an outer flange member, each of said flange members extending orthogonally from a respective edge of said web member, to form a pair of parallel flange members; and (iii) a lip member extending orthogonally from the edge of said outer flange member which is remote from said web member, a short distance towards said inner flange member; each side edge support rail having portions of its lip member removed to form respective cut-outs from the regions of said side edge support rail which overlie said ribs; each side edge support rail being positioned to have at least respective linear edge of said reflective surface positioned on its lip member and in contact with its outer flange member; said mounting of said side edge support rails being effected by a plurality of bolts, each of said bolts being passed through a respective clearance aperture in said web member of one of said side edge support rails, and through a clearance aperture in said reflective surface adjacent to one of said linear side edges, to engage with threads which are formed in said apertures in said ribs or are provided by a nut, said bolts being lightly tightened; (d) applying a force progressively to each end of each rib in the direction of the other end of the rib, to reduce the distance apart of the ends of each rib and to change the shape of said top surface of each rib from substantially an arc of a circle to substantially parabolic; but holding said applied force at a value less than the force required to cause the top surface of each rib to be parabolic; (e) tightening said bolts to apply a turning moment to the edge regions of said reflective surface; (f) continuing the progressive application of said force until the top surface of each rib becomes substantially parabolic, said continuation of the progressive application of said force causing said reflective surface to pressed into firm contact with said top surfaces of said ribs and said reflective surface to be fixed against said top surfaces of said ribs; (g) connecting a respective chordal strap to each end of each rib to hold its associated rib in the shape reached at the conclusion of the application of said force; then (h) relaxing and removing said force. 4. A method of constructing a trough reflector for a solar energy concentrator, as defined in claim 3, in which each of said arcuate ribs has a cross-section selected from the group consisting of: a hollow rectangular cross-section, a "T" cross-section, an "T" cross-section and a "C" cross-section. 5. A method of constructing a trough reflector for a solar energy concentrator, as defined in claim 3, in which said chordal strap comprises a thin metal rod with a respective hook member rigidly attached to each end thereof. 6. A method of constructing a trough reflector for a solar energy concentrator, as defined in claim 3, in which, prior to the first step of said method, said reflective surface is initially not a reflective surface, said method including an extra, concluding step of applying a highly reflective material to said reflective surface. 7. A trough reflector constructed in accordance with the method of claim 3. 8. A trough reflector as defined in claim 7, in which the cross-sectional shape of each side edge support rail includes a lip member extending (a) orthogonally from the edge of said inner flange member which is remote from said web member, (b) a short distance towards said outer flange member. 9. A trough reflector as defined in claim 8, in which the cross-sectional shape of each side edge support rail includes a respective small flange member extending from each lip member; each small flange member extending (a) orthogonally to the plane of the lip members, (b) from the edge of the lip member that is remote from its associated inner or outer flange member, and (c) towards said web member. 10. A solar energy concentrator including a trough reflector as defined in claim 7. 11. A solar energy concentrator as defined in claim 10, in which said trough reflector is supported on at least two spaced apart hoop members; each hoop member being mounted for rotation about a horizontal axis; a respective hoop member being connected to said side edge support rails at each end of said trough reflector. 12. A solar energy concentrator as defined in claim 11, in which said trough reflector is also supported on a space frame, and an energy collecting device is mounted at the linear focus of the parabolic reflecting surface of said trough reflector. 13. A solar energy concentrator as defined in claim 12, in which said energy collecting device is an absorber tube. 14. A solar energy concentrator as defined in claim 12, in which said space frame comprises a main strut and a plurality of web struts; said main strut being positioned underneath said trough reflector and extending in a direction that is parallel to the elongate direction of said side edge support rails; each web strut being connected to said main strut and also to an end of a respective one of said ribs. 15. A solar energy concentrator as defined in claim 12, in which said space frame comprises two pairs of struts, one end of the struts of each pair being connected to respective ends of one of said ribs, the other ends of the struts of each pair being connected to a respective hoop member at the end of said trough reflector at a point which is (a) below said trough reflector and (b) substantially equi-distant from the ends of said edge support side rails connected to the respective hoop member. 16. A solar energy concentrator as defined in claim 11, in which (a) each hoop member is supported for rotation by a respective support and guide wheel and by a respective pinch roller; (b) each pinch roller is supported on a respective pair of idler wheels; (c) a respective pinch bearing is associated with each hoop member, each pinch bearing being mounted so that it applies pressure to the inside surface of its associated hoop member, to maintain the contact between the outside surface of the hoop member and its associated pinch roller. 17. A solar energy concentrator as defined in claim 16, in which the pinch roller associated with one of said hoop members is connected to a motor for rotation; rotation of a pinch roller by said motor causing said hoop members to be rotated simultaneously. 18. A solar energy concentrator as defined in claim 17, in which adjacent pinch rollers of said concentrator are connected by a torque tube. 19. A solar energy concentrator as defined in claim 17, in which activation of said motor is controlled by a microprocessor. 20. A solar energy concentrator as defined in claim 10, mounted on a base frame which is rotatable about a vertical axis. 