An adjustable mounting assembly (70a/70b) for installing solar cell modules (58) on a building surface (34) is disclosed. The mounting assembly (70a/70b) includes a mounting device (74), a stud (114) that may be threaded to the mounting device (74), a clamping member (142) that may be positioned on the stud (114), and a nut (128) that may be threaded onto the stud (114) to secure the clamping member (142) to the mounting device (74). A nut (126) is fixed to the stud (114) at an intermediate location along its length. This fixed nut (126) may be used to tighten the stud (114) to a mounting device (74), and furthermore may be positioned such that the stud (114) does not extend into a slot (90) of the mounting device (74).
Claims 1. A mounting assembly for standing seam panels, comprising: a mounting device attachable to a standing seam on a surface defined by a plurality of panels; a stud comprising first and second stud ends and mountable to said mounting device, wherein said first stud end is spaced from said mounting device when said stud is mounted to said mounting device; and a clamping member positionable onto said stud via said first stud end. 2. The mounting assembly of claim 1, wherein said mounting device comprises a slot and at least one fastener that extends through said mounting device and engages a standing seam disposed within said slot when said mounting device is attached to the standing seam. 3. The mounting assembly of claim 1, wherein said stud is threadably engaged with said mounting device when said stud is mounted to said mounting device. 4. The mounting assembly of claim 1, wherein said stud comprises first and second threaded sections and said mounting assembly further comprises a nut between said first and second threaded sections, wherein said first threaded section extends from said first stud end toward said nut, and wherein said second threaded section extends from said second stud end toward said nut. 5. The mounting assembly of claim 1, further comprising a nut fixed to said stud at a location between said first and second stud ends. 6. The mounting assembly of claim 5, wherein a location of said nut along said stud ensures that said second stud end will not extend into a seam-receiving slot of said mounting device when said stud is mounted to said mounting device. 7. The mounting assembly of claim 5, further comprising a mounting plate disposable between said nut and said mounting device when said stud is mounted to said mounting device. 8. The mounting assembly of claim 7, wherein said mounting plate has a surface area of at least about 5 in..sup.2. 9. The mounting assembly of claim 5, wherein said nut may be used to tighten said stud onto said mounting device. 10. The mounting assembly of claim 5, wherein a threaded section extending from said nut to said first stud end is at least about 1.5 inches long. 11. The mounting assembly of claim 1, wherein said stud comprises a first threaded section that extends from said first stud end and toward said second stud end, wherein said clamping member may be disposed at any location along said first threaded section. 12. The mounting assembly of claim 11, wherein disposing said clamping member at different locations along said first threaded section accommodates clamping structures of different thicknesses to said mounting assembly. 13. The mounting assembly of claim 1, further comprising a first nut threaded onto said first stud end and engageable with said clamping member when said clamping member is positioned on said stud via said first stud end. 14. The mounting assembly of claim 1, wherein said clamping member is at least generally U-shaped, and wherein said stud extends into an open space between first and second clamping legs of said clamping member when said clamping member is positioned on said stud via said first stud end. 15. The mounting assembly of claim 1, further comprising first and second nuts threaded onto said first stud end and engageable with opposing surfaces of said clamping member when said clamping member is positioned on said stud via said first stud end. 16. A building assembly comprising a first standing seam, the mounting assembly of claim 15, and a first structure, wherein said mounting device is attached to said first standing seam, wherein said clamping member comprises first and second clamping legs that are disposed in opposing relation, wherein said first clamping leg of said clamping member engages said first structure, and wherein said second clamping leg of said clamping member is unused. 17. The building assembly of claim 16, wherein said mounting assembly further comprises a mounting plate disposed between said mounting device and said clamping member, wherein said clamping member clamps said first structure against said mounting plate. 18. The building assembly of claim 17, wherein said mounting plate is clamped onto said mounting device. 19. The building assembly of Clam 17, wherein said mounting plate has a surface area of at least about 5 in..sup.2. 20. The building assembly of claim 16, wherein said first structure is a solar cell module that comprises a frame, wherein said first clamping leg engages said frame. 21. A building assembly comprising a first standing seam, the mounting assembly of claim 1, and first and second structures, wherein said mounting device is attached to said first standing seam, wherein said clamping member comprises first and second clamping legs that are disposed in opposing relation, wherein said first clamping leg of said clamping member engages said first structure, and wherein said second clamping leg of said clamping member engages said second structure. 22. The building assembly of claim 21, wherein said first and second structures are first and second solar cell modules, respectively, that each comprise a frame, wherein said first clamping leg engages said frame of said first solar cell module, and wherein said second clamping leg engages said frame of said second solar cell module. 23. The building assembly of claim 21, wherein said clamping member comprises a base, wherein said mounting assembly further comprises a nut engaged with a first side of said base to force said first and second clamping legs against said first and second structures, respectively, wherein said base of said clamping member comprises a second side that is disposed opposite of said first side, and wherein said second side of said clamping member interfaces with an open space. 24. The building assembly of claim 21, wherein said mounting assembly further comprises a mounting plate disposed between said mounting device and said clamping member, wherein said clamping member clamps said first and second structures against said mounting plate. 25. The building assembly of claim 24, wherein said mounting plate is clamped onto said mounting device. 26. The building assembly of claim 24, wherein said mounting plate has a surface area of at least about 5 in..sup.2 . 27. The mounting assembly of claim 1, wherein said mounting assembly further comprises a mounting plate disposed between said mounting device and said clamping member. 28. The mounting assembly of claim 27, wherein said mounting plate is clamped onto said mounting device. 29. The mounting assembly of claim 27, wherein said mounting plate has a surface area of at least about 5 in..sup.2. 30. A mounting assembly, comprising: a mounting device attachable to a surface; a stud comprising a first stud end, wherein said stud extends from said mounting device to said first stud end such that said first stud end is spaced from said mounting device; a clamping member comprising a base through which said stud extends, wherein said clamping member further comprises first and second clamping legs that are disposed in opposing relation and that each extend from said base in a direction that is at least generally away from said mounting device; first and second pockets defined at least in part by said first and second clamping legs and that each accommodate receipt of a structure to be interconnected with said mounting device by said first and second clamping legs; and a first nut threaded onto said first stud end and engageable with said base of said clamping member to direct said clamping member at least generally toward said mounting device. 