A self-sustained current supply device based on a modular concept with an energy-autarkic generator module being connected with appliance-specific exchangeable battery/electronics modules wherein an additional battery matching the small appliance can be charged within a short time.
Claims 1-10. (canceled) 11. An apparatus for recharging batteries of a mobile small appliance, comprising: a net autarkic generator module; at least one battery/electronics module comprising a battery and an electronic component; means for removable mounting and electrically connecting the battery/electronics module to the generator module; and electronic means and battery charging cradles provided on the battery/electronics module adapted to mate with different small appliances. 11. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the battery/electronics module is provided with a charge connection adapted to match the standard net charge device of the small appliance. 12. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the battery/electronics module is structured as a universal battery/electronics module for charging commercial batteries. 13. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the electronic component comprises a voltage converter for high-efficiency transmission of power from the ideal generator operating point to the actual charge voltage. 14. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein the electronic component further comprises means for regulating the charging of the battery in accordance with prescribed parameters thereof. 15. The apparatus of claim 14, wherein the electronic component further comprises means for controlling the charge current by way of the charge connection. 16. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the electronic component further comprises a freely programmable micro processor and peripherals. 17. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising means for indicating at least one of the charge operation, the charge condition and other functions. 18. The apparatus of claim 17, wherein the means for indicating comprises at least one of a LED and LCD. 19. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the generator module comprises at least two solar modules connected to each other and to the battery/electronics module for pivotal movement between a closed state for protecting the solar modules and an open state for exposing the solar modules and protecting the battery/electronics module form exposure to sun light. 20. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the generator module comprises at least one of a fuel cell and a wind and crank operated generator. 21. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising means for connecting to the interface of a PC for the bidirectional transmission of at least one of power and data. 22. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a step-up transformer for charging the small appliance from the battery of the battery/electronics module. 