A multi heliostat concentrating (MHC) system for utilizing sun energy has at least on MHC module. A MHC module has at least one optical concentrator having a focusin reflective surface, aperture and an optical axis. A plurality of heliostats, which are preferably located symmetrically relative to the optical axis of an optical concentrator simultaneously reflect sun radiation towards its aperture. Flux error correcting an flux homogenizing device disposed at the focal region of an optical concentrato provides for further concentrating and homogenizing the flux of the focused su radiation. A receiver preferably comprising concentrated photovoltaic cells and a optional passive heat-sink provides for efficiently and economically generatin electrical power.
Claims 1. A multi heliostat concentrating (MHC) module comprising At least one optical concentrator for converging sun radiation impinging on said aperture into a focal region, said optical concentrator has an aperture, an optical axis and a focusing reflective back wall; a plurality of heliostats for reflecting said sun radiation upon said aperture of said at least one optical concentrator; a receiver for converting a portion of energy of said sun radiation into another form of energy, and wherein said receiver has a receiver inlet, and wherein said receiver inlet is such disposed that it is illuminated by a portion of said converged sun radiation. 2. A MHC module as in claim 1, wherein said heliostats are symmetrically disposed relative to said optical axis of said at least one optical concentrator. 3. A MHC module as in claim 1, wherein said optical concentrator has a reflective sidewall. 4. A MHC module as in claim 3, wherein said optical concentrator further has a focus error corrector and flux homogenizing device (FECFHD). 5. A MHC module as in claim 4, wherein a sidewall of said FECFHD is concaved. 6. A MHC module as in claim 4, wherein said FECFHD has an inlet and an axis, and wherein said inlet is inclined relative to said axis. 7. A MHC module as in claim 4, wherein said FECFHD has an inlet having a parabolic cylindrical surface. 8. A MHC module as in claim 4, wherein said FECFHD has an inlet having cylindrical surface. 9. A MHC module such as in any of claims 7 or 8, wherein said inlet of said FECFHD is coated with an anti-reflecting coating material. 10. A MHC module as in claim 1, wherein the number of said heliostats is even. 11. A MHC module as in claim 4, wherein said receiver comprises at least one concentrated photovoltaic cell disposed at the outlet of said FECFHD. 12. A MHC module as in claim 1, wherein at least two of said heliostats are mounted on a common mounting frame. 13. A MHC module as in claim 12, wherein said at least two heliostats are rotatable around a common axis of rotation. 14. A MHC module as in claim 12, wherein said at least two heliostats are simultaneously rotated by means of at least one common driving motor. 15. A MHC module as in claim 1, further comprising at least one local controller for tracking the sun. 16. A MHC module as in claim 15, linked to a central controller for monitoring the status of at least said local controller. 17. A MHC module as in claim 1, wherein said receiver further comprises a passive heat sink. 