The invention relates to improved resin bonded sorbent compositions and articles of manufacture fabricated therewith, such as housings, structural components and circuit boards. The introduction of sorbents into resinous molding compositions enables the elimination of more conventional bagged sorbent containments. The novel molding compositions of the invention and parts fabricated therewith are multi-functional, beneficially combining structural, mechanical and adsorptive capabilities without requiring the usual reinforcing additives. Consequently, with the omission of reinforcing additives the novel molding compositions of the invention are further characterized by higher adsorptive capacities by allowing for higher sorbent loading factors than prior adsorbent-containing molding compositions.
Claims 1. An article comprising a resin bonded sorbent material for at least one fluid in combination with a second article needing protection from said at least one fluid, said resin bonded sorbent material comprising a blend of a resin and a sorbent for said at least one fluid and said at least one fluid is destructive to said second article, wherein all of said resin is homogeneous resin. 2. The article of claim 1 wherein said resin is a thermoplastic resin and said sorbent is selected from the group consisting of a molecular sieve, silica gel, an ion exchange resin, activated carbon, activated alumina, clay, particulate metal, a salt comprising a CO.sub.2 releasing anion and mixtures thereof. 3. The article of claim 1 wherein said sorbent material comprises a zeolite. 4. The article of claim 1 wherein said sorbent is a molecular sieve and said resin is selected from the group consisting of polyamide, polyolefin, styrenic polymer, polyester and homogeneous mixtures thereof. 5. The article of claim 1 wherein said resin is an ethylene or a propylene-containing homopolymer or copolymer. 6. The article of claim 1 wherein said resin bonded sorbent material is formed with the aid of a coupling agent or a compatibilizing agent, wherein the coupling agent or compatibilizing agent is chemically compatible with the resin and improves adhesion or coupling with the sorbent. 7. The article of claim 6 wherein said coupling or compatibilizing agent is selected from the group consisting of reactive and non-reactive agents. 8. The article of claim 7 wherein said compatibilizing agent is selected from the group consisting of a metal, an acrylate, stearate, block copolymer, maleate, epoxy, silane, titanate and mixtures thereof. 9. The article of claim 1 wherein said resin bonded sorbent material comprises from about five percent (5%) to about fifty-five percent (55%) sorbent and from about forty-five percent (45%) to about ninety-five percent (95%) resin. 10. The article of claim 1 wherein said resin bonded sorbent material comprises from about twenty-five percent (25%) to about fifty-five percent (55%) sorbent and from about forty-five percent (45%) to about seventy-five percent (75%) resin. 11. The article of claim 1 wherein said resin bonded sorbent material comprises from about thirty-five percent (35%) to about forty-two percent (42%) sorbent and from about fifty-eight percent (58%) to about sixty-five percent (65%) resin. 12. The article of claim 1 wherein said article is selected from the group consisting of a lens, circuit board, housing, case, frame, support structure, mount structure, retaining structure, seal material, solid state surface mount device, electronic chip packaging, telecommunications terminal, telecommunications switch, a data storage device, electronic device, electro-optical device, scope, sensor, transmitter, antenna, radar unit, photovoltaic device, radio frequency identification device, light emitting diode, liquid crystal diode, semiconductor enclosure, imaging device, sighting device, cellular phone, target acquisition and guidance sensor, implantable electronic medical device, attached electronic medical device, mobile telecommunications device, stationary telecommunications device, automobile sensing circuit, automobile control circuit, braking control system, hazardous chemical sensor, hazardous chemical control, gauge, electronic display, personal computer, programmable logic unit, medical diagnostic equipment, light sensor, motion sensor, heat sensor, security camera, flexible electronic device, lighting fixture, marine gauge, marine light, external aircraft sensing device, external aircraft monitoring device, external aircraft measuring device, power tool sensing device, power tool sighting device, power tool measuring device, laser and combinations thereof. 13. The article of claim 1 wherein said sorbent comprises a particulate sorbent formed by pressing, sintering, extruding or molding, and said sorbent further comprises at least a partial overmold of said resin. 14. The article of claim 13 further comprising means for mounting within or attaching to said second article. 15. The article of claim 14 wherein said means for mounting or attaching comprises at least one tab. 16. The article of claim 13 wherein said molding comprises the use of heat and/or pressure. 17. The article of claim 1 further comprising an electrically conductive material. 18. The article of claim 1 wherein the resin bonded sorbent material comprises a single resin. 19. The article of claim 1 wherein the at least one fluid is selected from the group consisting of a caustic fluid, an organic solvent fluid, an inorganic solvent fluid, a Group VI fluid and a Group VII fluid. 20. The article of claim 1 wherein said blend of said resin and sorbent is formed by a twin screw extruder. 21. An article comprising a resin bonded sorbent material for at least one fluid, said resin bonded sorbent material comprising a blend of a resin and a sorbent for said at least one fluid, said resin bonded sorbent material having a vapor permeability greater than the vapor permeability of water through high density polyvinylidene chloride and less than the vapor permeability of water through water swellable water insoluble hydroxycellulose. 22. The article of claim 21 wherein said article is selected from the group consisting of a lens, circuit board, housing, case, frame, support structure, mount structure, retaining structure, seal material, solid state surface mount device, electronic chip packaging, telecommunications terminal, telecommunications switch, a data storage device, electronic device, electro-optical device, scope, sensor, transmitter, antenna, radar unit, photovoltaic device, radio frequency identification device, light emitting diode, liquid crystal diode, semiconductor enclosure, imaging device, sighting device, cellular phone, target acquisition and guidance sensor, implantable electronic medical device, attached electronic medical device, mobile telecommunications device, stationary telecommunications device, automobile sensing circuit, automobile control circuit, braking control system, hazardous chemical sensor, hazardous chemical control, gauge, electronic display, personal computer, programmable logic unit, medical diagnostic equipment, light sensor, motion sensor, heat sensor, security camera, flexible electronic device, lighting fixture, marine gauge, marine light, external aircraft sensing device, external aircraft monitoring device, external aircraft measuring device, power tool sensing device, power tool sighting device, power tool measuring device, laser and combinations thereof. 23. The article of claim 21 wherein said sorbent comprises a particulate sorbent formed by pressing, sintering, extruding or molding, and said sorbent further comprises at least a partial overmold of said resin. 24. The article of claim 23 further comprising means for mounting within or attaching to a structural component. 25. The article of claim 24 wherein said means for mounting or attaching comprises at least one tab. 26. The article of claim 23 wherein said molding comprises the use of heat and/or pressure. 27. The article of claim 21 further comprising an electrically conductive material. 28. The article of claim 21 wherein the resin bonded sorbent material comprises a single resin. 29. The article of claim 21 wherein the at least one fluid is selected from the group consisting of a caustic fluid, an organic solvent fluid, an inorganic solvent fluid, a Group VI fluid and a Group VII fluid. 30. The article of claim 21 wherein said blend of said resin and sorbent is formed by a twin screw extruder. 31. A method for protecting a first article from at least one fluid damaging said first article comprising the steps of: i) forming a resin bonded sorbent material, said resin bonded sorbent material comprising a blend of a resin and a sorbent for said at least one fluid; ii) forming a second article from said resin bonded sorbent material; and, iii) incorporating said second article into said first article. 32. The method of claim 31 wherein said second article is selected from the group consisting of a lens, circuit board, housing, case, frame, support structure, mount structure, retaining structure, seal material, solid state surface mount device, electronic chip packaging, telecommunications terminal, telecommunications switch, a data storage device, electronic device, electro-optical device, scope, sensor, transmitter, antenna, radar unit, photovoltaic device, radio frequency identification device, light emitting diode, liquid crystal diode, semiconductor enclosure, imaging device, sighting device, cellular phone, target acquisition and guidance sensor, implantable electronic medical device, attached electronic medical device, mobile telecommunications device, stationary telecommunications device, automobile sensing circuit, automobile control circuit, braking control system, hazardous chemical sensor, hazardous chemical control, gauge, electronic display, personal computer, programmable logic unit, medical diagnostic equipment, light sensor, motion sensor, heat sensor, security camera, flexible electronic device, lighting fixture, marine gauge, marine light, external aircraft sensing device, external aircraft monitoring device, external aircraft measuring device, power tool sensing device, power tool sighting device, power tool measuring device, laser and combinations thereof. 33. The method of claim 31 wherein said sorbent material comprises a particulate sorbent formed by pressing, sintering, extruding or molding, and said sorbent material comprises at least a partial overmold of said resin. 34. The method of claim 33 wherein said second article further comprises means for. mounting within or attaching to said first article. 35. The method of claim 34 wherein said means for mounting or attaching is at least one tab. 36. The method of claim 33 wherein said molding is performed with heat and/or pressure. 37. The method of claim 31 wherein said second article further comprises an electrically conductive material. 38. The method of claim 31 wherein said resin bonded sorbent material comprises a single resin. 39. The article of claim 31 wherein the at least one fluid is selected from the group consisting of a caustic fluid, an organic solvent fluid, an inorganic solvent fluid, a Group VI fluid and a Group VII fluid. 40. The article of claim 31 wherein said blend of said resin and sorbent is formed by a twin screw extruder. 