A system and method for detecting islanding in a Distributed Generation utility grid is described. In some examples, the system, via an inverter, injects a frequency disturbance to a location of the utility grid associated with a DG generator, measures both the frequency error due to the disturbance and the frequency drift of the location of the utility grid, and determines islanding based on a maximum value of the frequencies. In some cases, the system is able to reduce or minimize the Non-Detection Zone of the inverter by detecting islanding without always relying on a detectable frequency error due to an injected waveform.
Claims 1. A method in an inverter for detecting islanding at a location of a utility grid associated with a photovoltaic array, the method comprising: measuring a frequency of the location of the utility grid associated with the photovoltaic array; and injecting a frequency disturbance into the location of the utility grid associated with the photovoltaic array; wherein the frequency disturbance is based on a maximum value between (1) a value of a frequency error due to the measured frequency, or (2) a value of a frequency drift to a resonant frequency of the utility grid. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising: comparing the measured frequency of the location of the utility grid with a threshold frequency associated with an islanding condition; and detecting islanding at the location of the utility grid associated with the photovoltaic array when measured frequency of the location of the utility grid meets or exceeds the threshold frequency. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the value of the frequency error due to the measured frequency includes a frequency error based on a difference between the measured frequency and an average frequency for the utility grid. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein the value of the frequency error due to the measured frequency includes a value for loop gain times a value for a difference between the measured frequency and an average frequency for the utility grid. 5. A system for detecting islanding at a location of a utility grid receiving power from a power generation source via an inverter, comprising: a waveform generation module that generates a waveform based on a calculated frequency bias, wherein the calculated frequency bias includes an inverter frequency bias component and a maximum frequency bias component based on a maximum value between a value of a frequency error associated with a measured frequency of the location of the utility grid and a value of a minimum frequency disturbance associated with the location of the utility grid; a waveform injection module that injects the generated waveform into the location of the utility grid to cause a frequency on a load of the location of the utility grid to change; and a frequency comparison module that compares the measured frequency of the location of the utility grid with a threshold frequency associated with islanding and provides an indication of islanding when the measured frequency of the location of the utility grid meets the threshold frequency. 6. The system of claim 5, wherein the measured frequency of the location of the utility grid changes to compensate for the changed load frequency. 7. The system of claim 5, wherein, when measured frequency of the location of the utility grid does not meet the threshold frequency, the waveform generation module generates an additional waveform and the waveform injection module injects the generated additional waveform into the location of the utility grid. 8. The system of claim 5, further comprising: an islanding prevention module that causes the inverter to cease providing power to the location of the utility grid when the frequency comparison module provides an indication of islanding. 9. An inverter that supplies power to a utility grid, comprising: a power reception subsystem that receives generated direct current power from a power generation source; a current inverter subsystem that converts the received direct current power to alternating current power; and an anti-islanding subsystem that shuts off the supply of power to the utility grid, wherein the anti-islanding subsystem includes: a waveform injection module that injects a waveform into the utility grid to cause the utility grid to change frequency; and a frequency measurement module that determines a frequency bias of the utility grid based on a maximum value between a frequency error in a measured frequency of the utility grid and a natural frequency drift of the utility grid; wherein the injected waveform is based on the determined frequency bias. 10. The inverter of claim 9, further comprising: a regulation subsystem that conditions the alternating current to match the current of the utility grid. 11. The inverter of claim 9, wherein the current inverter subsystem and the anti-islanding subsystem are contained by a micro-controller. 12. The inverter of claim 9, wherein the power generation source is a photovoltaic array. 13. The inverter of claim 9, wherein the power generation source is a wind turbine. 14. A method for generating a waveform to be transmitted to a utility grid to detect a possible islanding condition of the utility grid, the method comprising: measuring a value for a frequency error of the utility grid, wherein the frequency error is based on a difference between an instantaneous value for the frequency of the utility grid and an average value for the frequency of the utility grid; measuring a value for a drift in frequency, wherein the drift in frequency is based on a different between the instantaneous frequency and a resonant frequency of the utility grid; comparing the value for the frequency error and the value for the drift in frequency; and calculating a frequency bias using a maximum of the two values; and generating the waveform based on the calculated frequency bias. 