A solar collector includes a plurality of elongated parabolic reflectors mounted within a glass-topped enclosure for pivotal movement such that each reflector is incrementally pivoted throughout the course of a day to remain substantially perpendicular to the sun. The incremental pivotal movement is caused by a motor energized from a solar switch having solar cells that also pivot throughout the day so that in one position of the switch, no electricity is being generated and transferred to the motor, but in a second position, the switch receives solar radiation and energizes the motor to again incrementally pivot each reflector along with the solar switch. The reflectors are therefore incrementally pivoted throughout the course of a day to follow the sun for optimal collection of solar radiation which is used to heat liquid carried by tubes positioned at the axis of generation of the parabolic reflectors and/or strips of solar cell material so that electricity can be generated alone, liquid heated alone, or liquid heated and electricity generated simultaneously.
Claims 1. A solar collector comprising in combination: a plurality of elongated reflectors of substantially parabolic transverse cross-section defining an axis of generation, a fluid-conducting tube supporting each of said reflectors along said axis of generation for pivotal movement about a longitudinal axis; a mounting system supporting said tubes, said mounting system including an enclosed box having a top glass plate overlying said reflectors; a motor drive and linkage interconnecting said motor drive to said reflectors to incrementally pivot said reflectors about said longitudinal axis; and a solar switch for selectively energizing and de-energizing said motor drive. 2. The collector of claim 1 wherein said axis of generation and longitudinal axis are co-axial. 3. The collector of claim 1 wherein said linkage includes a transverse link pivotally connected to each of said reflectors at one end of said reflectors and a connecting link pivotally connected at one end to said transverse link, said connecting link being operably connected to said motor drive for reversible movement. 4. The collector of claim 3 further including a drive shaft on said drive motor and a drive link interconnecting said drive shaft to said connecting link. 5. The collector of claim 4 wherein said reflectors pivot about said fluid-conducting tubes. 6. The collector of claim 1 further including manifolds interconnecting said fluid-conducting tubes at opposite ends of said tubes, said manifolds being in fluid communication with a supply of heat-transfer fluid such that said fluid can be circulated through said fluid-conducting tubes. 7. The collector of claim 1 wherein said solar switch is operatively connected to a reflector for pivotal movement with said reflectors. 8. A solar switch comprising in combination: a base having a longitudinal reference line; a pair of laterally-spaced solar cells, said cells being on opposite sides of said longitudinal reference line; and a solar radiation blocking bar mounted on said base and extending along said reference line and being spaced above said solar cells, said blocking bar having a width at least as great as the spacing between said solar cells to cast a shadow on both of said solar cells when the solar radiation is coming from directly above said switch but to allow solar radiation to impinge one or the other of said cells when the solar radiation is coming from an acute angle above said switch. 9. The switch of claim 7 wherein said blocking bar is arcuate above said solar cells. 10. A solar collector comprising in combination: a plurality of elongated reflectors of substantially parabolic transverse cross-section defining an axis of generation, a rigid support extending along each of said axes of generation, and having solar cell material mounted thereon, said rigid supports supporting said reflectors for pivotal movement about a longitudinal axis of the reflector; a mounting system supporting said rigid supports, said mounting system including an enclosed box having a top glass plate overlying said reflectors; a motor drive and linkage interconnecting said motor drive to said reflectors to incrementally pivot said reflectors about said longitudinal axis; and a solar switch for selectively energizing and de-energizing said motor drive. 11. The collector of claim 10 wherein said axis of generation and longitudinal axis are co-axial. 12. The collector of claim 10 wherein said linkage includes a transverse link pivotally connected to each of said reflectors at one end of said reflectors and a connecting link pivotally connected at one end to said transverse link, said connecting link being operably connected to said motor drive for reversible movement. 13. The collector of claim 10 further including a drive shaft on said drive motor and a drive link interconnecting said drive shaft to said connecting link. 14. The collector of claim 13 wherein said reflectors pivot about said rigid supports. 15. The collector of claim 10 wherein said solar switch is operatively connected to a reflector for pivotal movement with the reflectors. 16. The collector of claim 10 wherein said rigid support is a liquid-conducting tube. 