A solar distiller with a two part distilling chamber and a concentrating mirror which is designed to be lightweight and compact for ease of transport. The distilling chamber has two main parts; a trough for holding a liquid that will be distilled, and a condensing roof on which the liquid will condense that has channels for collecting the distilled liquid. The two part distilling chamber allows for simple operation and easy maintenance. The concentrating mirror is made from a flexible reflective sheet, which is formed into a nearly parabolic shape by the mirror frame. The mirror is designed so that it can be easily assembled and then later disassembled for storage or transport. A stand holds the distilling chamber at the approximate focus of the concentrating mirror. The concentrating mirror allows a relatively large amount of sunlight to be focused onto the distilling chamber producing a proportionately large amount of distilled liquid. The solar distiller is made from inexpensive materials and can be assembled and disassembled multiple times.
Claims 1. A solar energy powered apparatus for distilling liquids, such as water, comprising a) a distilling chamber comprising an evaporating basin and a condensing roof having a pair of interior channels running substantially the length of said condensing roof and a reversible means for holding said condensing roof on said evaporating basin to form a substantially airtight seal b) a collapsible concentrating mirror comprising a flexible reflective sheet and a mirror frame comprising a forming means to support and shape said reflective sheet such that it concentrates solar energy c) a stand for supporting said distilling chamber above and at the approximate focus of said concentrating mirror d) an exit tube for removing a condensed liquid, including water, which collects in said channels from said distilling chamber e) an input means for adding a raw liquid, including water, to said evaporating basin. 2. The solar energy powered apparatus for distilling liquids defined in claim 1 wherein said evaporating basin has an elongated trough shape and is made from a material that conducts thermal energy, has an outer surface that is darkened to absorb solar radiation, and has a leg bracket extending from either end to facilitate mounting said distilling chamber with said stand. 3. The solar energy powered apparatus for distilling liquids defined in claim 2 wherein said evaporating basin has a removable liner, which may be cleaned or disposed of, to reduce scale buildup within said evaporating basin and a gasket running along the top surface of said evaporating basin to enhance an airtight seal when said condensing roof is located and reversibly held on top of said evaporating basin. 4. The solar energy powered apparatus for distilling liquids defined in claim 3 wherein said condensing roof has a set of end caps and is made from plastic and shaped like a lopsided "M" with inward and upward curving edges forming said channels. 5. The solar energy powered apparatus for distilling liquids defined in claim 3 wherein said condensing roof has a set of end caps and is made from plastic and house shaped with inward and upward curving edges forming said channels. 6. The solar energy powered apparatus for distilling liquids defined in claim 4 wherein said condensing roof is made from a plurality of plastic pieces joined together with a plurality of fasteners at each joint, such that each joint is capable of maintaining a substantially airtight seal and has at least one metallic fin placed between said plastic pieces to increase heat transfer from said condensing roof to the surroundings. 7. The solar energy powered apparatus for distilling liquids defined in claim 6 wherein said reflective sheet is made from a reflectively coated polymer sheet. 8. The solar energy powered apparatus for distilling liquids defined in claim 7 wherein said forming means comprises an equivalent upper frame and lower frame each comprising a pair of longitudinal members and a plurality of transverse members of predetermined length and having said reflective sheet held between said upper frame and said lower frame which are then reversibly held together with a plurality of bolts and nuts and having a pair of shaping wires of shorter length than said longitudinal members, with each of said shaping wires attached to the ends of one of said longitudinal members causing said longitudinal members to bend up whereby a concave and nearly parabolic concentrating mirror is formed. 9. The solar energy powered apparatus for distilling liquids defined in claim 8 wherein said stand comprises a pair of supports located at either end of said distilling chamber and where each of said supports comprise a pair of legs with each of said legs fitting into said leg bracket extending from either end of said evaporating basin and where said legs angle down and away from each other. 10. The solar energy powered apparatus for distilling liquids defined in claim 9 wherein said stand has a plurality of mirror frame connections to allow said concentrating mirror to be reoriented during a day to track the sun and where said stand is arranged such that the side of said distilling chamber with said exit tube is at a slightly lower elevation allowing distilled water which collects in said channels to exit said distilling chamber through said exit tube by force of gravity. 11. The solar energy powered apparatus for distilling liquids defined in claim 10 wherein said reversible means comprises a pair of screws at either end of said evaporating basin that mate with tapped holes in said end caps of said condensing roof. 12. The solar energy powered apparatus for distilling liquids defined in claim 11 wherein said input means includes a raw liquid reservoir located above and connecting to said evaporating basin by a tube with a valve able to regulate the flow of raw liquid entering said evaporating basin. 13. The solar energy powered apparatus for distilling liquids defined in claim 12 further including a secondary mirror which is flat but otherwise made from the same materials as said concentrating mirror, and attached to one of said supports whose function is to reflect sunlight onto said evaporating basin which would otherwise converge to a point beyond the end of said evaporating basin. 14. The solar energy powered apparatus for distilling liquids defined in claim 8 wherein said stand comprises a pair of supports located at either end of said distilling chamber and where each of said supports comprise a single vertical leg which supports one end of said distilling chamber using said leg bracket extending from either end of said evaporating basin. 