Disclosed is a device which helps caregivers of demented patients, such as persons suffering from Alzheimer's disease, monitor and safeguard the wellbeing of the patients. The device, which is attached to the wrist or the leg of the patients, monitors the movement and behavior of the patient and informs the caregivers whenever unexpected or alarming incidences occur. The device may identify if the patient has fallen, wondered off or is inactive for long periods of time. The device records and learns the patterns of daily behavior of the patient in relation to which it may identify unexpected occurrences. The device is equipped with sensors which enable it to monitor the location, behavior and condition of the patient. Additionally, the device may be programmed to identify particular behaviors as alarming. Selectively activating its sensors and communication interface, the device is especially equipped to operate on low battery consumption.
Claims 1. A personal monitoring device attached to the body of the user, for alerting when abnormal behavior or condition of the monitored person is detected, said device comprised of: at least one location sensor for periodically identifying the location of the monitored person; at least one activity sensor for periodically identifying the movement of the monitored person; at least one physiological sensor for periodically measuring bodily functionality; a wireless communication transmitter for conveying at least part of the collected data to a remote terminal, wherein the data to be transmitted is determined in accordance with predefined rules; a main processing unit device for collecting all information from the sensors, detecting abnormal behavior and managing the activation of the sensors and the transmitter for optimal power consumption operation, each sensor is activated for a minimal time period, wherein the activation management of the sensors is based on user daily behavior pattern and analysis of detected abnormal behavior; a power source. 2. The device of claim 1 further comprising an analyzing module for processing all collected data and determining the data to be transmitted. 3. The device of claim 1 wherein the user daily behavior pattern is determined by a learning phase module of the device. 4. The device of claim 1 further comprising a beacon to be activated when there is no communication with monitored person, wherein upon activation the beacon repeatedly transmits signal to be identified by receivers of users trying to locate the monitored person. 5. The device of claim 3 wherein the transmitted signal is one of the following: radio frequency, infrared, light, color, sound, ultrasound, odor. 6. The device of claim 1 wherein the location sensor is one of the following: GPS sensor, GSM component. 7. The device of claim 1 wherein the activity sensor is at least one of the following: movement sensor, acceleration sensor, magnet sensor. 8. The device of claim 1 wherein the physiological sensor is at least one of the following: heartbeat rate sensor, blood pressure sensor, blood-oxygen levels sensor, blood-sugar levers sensor, temperature sensor. 9. The device of claim 1 further comprising a medication activator which is controlled by the main processing unit, wherein the activation is based on collected data from the sensors and known behavior patterns. 10. The device of claim 1 further comprising a charge generator, wherein the power source is chargeable. 11. The device of claim 10 wherein the power charge generator is one of the following: a solar cell, a RF energy converter, a piezoelectric element converting motion, or pressure into energy, a micro wave detector or a pyro electric device converting temperature changes to electric power. 12. The device of claim 1 wherein the main processing unit includes a pattern behavior recognition module for detecting abnormal behavior. 13. The device of claim 1 wherein the device is attached to the monitored person hand using a bracelet where the bracelet is lockable to the hand. 14. The device of claim 1 wherein the device is attached to the leg. 15. The device of claim 1 wherein the accelerometer is activated periodically in accordance with the individual behavior pattern. 16. A method for alerting when abnormal behavior or condition of the monitored person is detected using a personal monitoring device which is attached to the body of the user, said method comprising the steps of: periodically identifying the location of the monitored person by a dedicated sensor of the personal device; periodically identifying the movement of the monitored person by a dedicated sensor of the personal device; periodically measuring bodily functionality by a dedicated sensor of the personal device; conveying at least part of the collected data to a remote terminal by transmitter of the sensor, wherein the data to be transmitted is determined in accordance with predefined rules; collecting all information from the sensors; detecting abnormal behavior in accordance with known daily behavior pattern; and managing the activation of the sensors and transmitter for optimal power consumption operation, wherein each sensor is activated for a minimal time period, and the activation management of the sensors is based on user daily behavior pattern and analysis of detected abnormal behavior. 17. The method of claim 16 further comprising the step of performing pattern behavior recognition for detecting abnormal behavior. 18. The method of claim 16 wherein the sensor includes a medication activator, further comprising the step of controlling the activator operation in accordance with collected data from the sensors and known behavior pattern. 