Wearable apparatus for monitoring various physiological and environmental factors are provided. Real-time, noninvasive health and environmental monitors include a plurality of compact sensors integrated within small, low-profile devices, such as earpiece modules. Physiological and environmental data is collected and wirelessly transmitted into a wireless network, where the data is stored and/or processed.
Claims 1. A personal monitoring apparatus, comprising: a housing configured to be attached to the body of a person; at least one physiological sensor supported by the housing, wherein each physiological sensor is configured to detect and/or measure physiological information from the person; at least one environmental sensor supported by the housing, wherein each environmental sensor is configured to detect and/or measure environmental conditions in a vicinity of the person; a signal processor supported by the housing and configured to receive and process signals produced by the physiological and environmental sensors; and a transmitter responsive to the signal processor that is configured to transmit physiological and environmental sensor signals as processed by the signal processor from the signal processor to a remote terminal. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the transmitter is configured to transmit signals from the signal processor to the remote terminal in real time. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the signal processor is configured to process signals produced by the physiological and environmental sensors into signals that can be heard and/or viewed by the person. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the signal processor is configured to selectively extract environmental effects from signals produced by a physiological sensor. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the signal processor is configured to selectively extract physiological effects from signals produced by an environmental sensor. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein a physiological sensor is oriented in a direction towards the person, wherein an environmental sensor is oriented in a direction away from the person, and wherein a buffer material is positioned between the physiological sensor and environmental sensors. 7. The apparatus of claim 6, wherein the buffer material is configured to selectively reflect and/or absorb energy emanating from the environment and/or the person. 8. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the housing is configured to be attached to an ear of the person, wherein a physiological sensor is an acoustical sensor oriented in a direction towards a tympanic membrane of the ear and is configured to detect acoustical energy emanating from the tympanic membrane, wherein an environmental sensor is an acoustical sensor and is oriented in a direction away from the person, and wherein the processor is configured to utilize signals produced by the environmental sensor to extract environmental acoustical energy not emanating from the tympanic membrane from signals produced by the physiological sensor. 9. The apparatus of claim 8, further comprising an optical emitter supported by the housing that directs optical energy towards the tympanic membrane, and an optical detector supported by the housing that is configured to detect secondary optical energy emanating from the tympanic membrane. 10. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein the signal processor is configured to extract selected optical energy from the secondary optical energy emanating from the tympanic membrane. 11. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein the signal processor is configured to extract optical noise from the secondary optical energy emanating from the tympanic membrane. 12. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein the optical detector comprises a filter configured to pass secondary optical energy at selective wavelengths. 13. The apparatus of claim 8, further comprising an optical detector supported by the housing that is configured to detect acoustically modulated blackbody IR radiation emanating from the tympanic membrane. 14. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the housing is configured to be attached to an ear of the person, and further comprising an optical emitter supported by the housing that directs optical energy towards the tympanic membrane, and wherein a physiological sensor comprises an optical detector configured to detect secondary optical energy emanating from the tympanic membrane. 15. The apparatus of claim 14, wherein the signal processor is configured to extract selected optical energy from the secondary optical energy emanating from the tympanic membrane. 16. The apparatus of claim 14, wherein the signal processor is configured to extract optical noise from the secondary optical energy emanating from the tympanic membrane. 17. The apparatus of claim 14, wherein the optical detector comprises a filter configured to pass secondary optical energy at selective wavelengths. 18. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the housing is configured to be attached to an ear of the person, and wherein a physiological sensor comprises an optical detector that is configured to detect acoustically modulated blackbody IR radiation emanating from the tympanic membrane. 19. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the signal processor utilizes one or more filters to process signals produced by the physiological and environmental sensors. 20. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a receiver configured to receive audio and/or video information from a remote terminal, and further comprising a communication module supported by the housing and that is configured to store and/or process and/or play audio and/or video information received from the remote terminal. 21. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a communication module supported by the housing and that is configured to alert the person when a physiological sensor detects certain physiological information from the person and/or when an environmental sensor detects certain environmental information from the vicinity of the person. 22. The apparatus of claim 21, wherein the communication module is configured to provide audible and/or visible alerts and/or physical alerts. 23. The apparatus of claim 21, wherein the communication module is configured to audibly present vital sign information to the person. 24. The apparatus of claim 21, wherein the communication module is configured to store content generated by the person and/or by the at least one physiological and environmental sensors. 25. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the transmitter is configured to transmit signals produced by the physiological and environmental sensors to a gaming device. 26. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising an ear hook that extends from the housing and that is configured to attach the housing to an ear of a person. 27. The apparatus of claim 26, wherein the housing is configured to be positioned in adjacent contacting relationship with the temple of the person. 28. The apparatus of claim 26, further comprising a physiological sensor and/or an environmental sensor supported by the ear hook. 29. The apparatus of claim 26, wherein the hook comprises a pinna cover that is configured to contact a portion of the pinna of an ear, and wherein a physiological sensor and/or an environmental sensor is supported by the pinna cover. 30. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the housing is an earring. 31. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising an earring that is configured to be attached to an ear of a person, wherein the earring comprises an environmental sensor that is configured to detect and/or measure environmental conditions in a vicinity of the person, and wherein the signal processor is configured to receive and process signals produced by the earring environmental sensor. 32. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising an earring that is configured to be attached to an ear of a person, wherein the earring comprises a physiological sensor that is configured to detect and/or measure physiological information from the person, and wherein the signal processor is configured to receive and process signals produced by the earring physiological sensor. 33. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising an arm that extends from the housing and that supports one or more physiological sensors and/or environmental sensors. 34. The apparatus of claim 33, wherein the arm supports physiological sensors configured to detect and/or measure jaw motion and/or arterial blood flow near the neck of the person. 35. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the housing is configured to be attached to an ear of the person, and further comprising an earpiece fitting configured to be inserted within the ear canal and having one or more physiological sensors supported thereby. 36. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a transmittance pulse oximeter and/or reflectance pulse oximeter supported by the housing. 37. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the housing is configured to be attached to an ear of the person, and further comprising an earlobe clip extending from the housing, and wherein a transmittance pulse oximeter is supported by the earlobe clip. 38. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the housing is configured to be attached to an ear of the person, and further comprising an earlobe clip extending from the housing, and wherein a reflectance pulse oximeter is supported by the earlobe clip. 39. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the at least one physiological sensor comprises one or more sonic and pressure transducers supported by the housing that are configured to measure blood pressure of the person. 40. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the at least one physiological sensor comprises electrodes configured to monitor neurological functions of the person. 41. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the at least one physiological sensor comprises a motion sensor configured to detect body motion of the person. 42. The apparatus of claim 41, wherein the motion sensor comprises an accelerometer and/or gyroscope. 43. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the at least one physiological sensor comprises a body temperature sensor. 44. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the at least one environmental sensor comprises a calorimetric sensor that changes color in response to detecting one or more chemicals in the environment. 45. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the at least one environmental sensor comprises a pedometer. 46. The apparatus of claim 45, wherein the pedometer is an acoustic pedometer that detects sound generated by footsteps. 47. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the at least one physiological sensor comprises an acoustical sensor that detects breathing. 48. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the at least one physiological sensor is configured to measure caloric metabolism of the person. 49. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the at least one physiological sensor comprises a body fat analyzer. 50. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the at least one environmental sensor comprises an electromagnetic field (EMF) sensor that is configured to detect electromagnetic radiation spikes. 51. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising an air sampling system supported by the housing that samples air in a vicinity of the person. 52. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the at least one physiological sensor comprises an impedance plethysmograph. 53. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the at least one environmental sensor comprises an ozone sensor or a carbon monoxide sensor. 54. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the at least one physiological sensor comprises an ultraviolet (UV) light sensor. 55. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the at least one physiological sensor is configured to detect drowsiness of the person, and further comprising an alarm configured to alert the person in response to the at least one physiological sensor detecting drowsiness. 56. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a recording device supported by the housing that is configured to record signals produced by the physiological and environmental sensors and/or signals processed by the signal processor. 57. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a user interface on the housing that provides user control over one or more of the physiological and/or environmental sensors. 58. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a remote device in wireless communication with the apparatus, wherein the remote device comprises a user interface that provides user control over one or more of the physiological and/or environmental sensors. 59. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a user interface that is configured to allow the person to store a time mark indicating a particular point in time. 60. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the transmitter is configured to send a signal to the remote terminal when one or more of the physiological and/or environmental sensors are turned off. 61. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the transmitter is configured to send a signal to the remote terminal when potentially erroneous data has been collected by one or more of the physiological and/or environmental sensors. 62. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein a physiological sensor is configured to detect damage to a portion of the body of the person. 63. The apparatus of claim 62, further comprising a communication module supported by the housing and that is configured to alert the person when a physiological sensor detects damage to a portion of the body of the person. 64. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the housing comprises two portions, each configured to be attached to an ear of the person. 65. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the at least one physiological sensor is configured to detect and/or measure one or more of the following types of physiological information: heart rate, pulse rate, breathing rate, blood flow, heartbeat signatures, cardiopulmonary health, organ health, metabolism, electrolyte type and/or concentration, physical activity, caloric intake, caloric metabolism, physical and/or psychological stress levels and/or stress level indicators, drug dosage and/or d6simetry, physiological drug reactions, drug chemistry, biochemistry, position and/or balance, body strain, neurological functioning, brain activity, brain waves, blood pressure, cranial pressure, hydration level, auscultatory information, auscultatory signals associated with pregnancy, physiological response to infection, skin and/or core body temperature, eye muscle movement, blood volume, inhaled and/or exhaled breath volume, physical exertion, exhaled breath physical and/or chemical composition, the presence and/or identity and/or concentration of viruses and/or bacteria, foreign matter in the body, internal toxins, heavy metals in the body, anxiety, fertility, ovulation, sex hormones, psychological mood, sleep patterns, hunger and/or thirst, hormone type and/or concentration, cholesterol, lipids, blood panel, bone density, organ and/or body weight, reflex response, sexual arousal, mental and/or physical alertness, sleepiness, auscultatory information, response to external stimuli, swallowing volume, swallowing rate, sickness, voice characteristics, voice tone, voice pitch, voice volume, vital signs, head tilt, allergic reactions, inflammation response, auto-immune response, mutagenic response, DNA, proteins, protein levels in the blood, water content of the blood, pheromones, internal body sounds, digestive system functioning, cellular regeneration response, healing response, stem cell regeneration response 66. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the at least one environmental sensor is configured to detect and/or measure one or more of the following types of environmental information: climate, humidity, temperature, pressure, barometric pressure, soot density, airborne particle density, airborne particle size, airborne particle shape, airborne particle identity, volatile organic chemicals (VOCs), hydrocarbons, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), carcinogens, toxins, optical radiation, X-rays, gamma rays, microwave radiation, terahertz radiation, ultraviolet radiation, infrared radiation, radio waves, atomic energy alpha particles, atomic energy beta-particles, gravity, light intensity, light frequency, light flicker, light phase, ozone, carbon monoxide, carbon dioxide, nitrous oxide, sulfides, airborne pollution, foreign material in the air, viruses, bacteria, signatures from chemical weapons, wind, air turbulence, sound and/or acoustical energy, ultrasonic energy, noise pollution, human voices, animal sounds, diseases expelled from others, exhaled breath and/or breath constituents of others, toxins from others, pheromones from others, industrial and/or transportation sounds, allergens, animal hair, pollen, exhaust from engines, vapors and/or fumes, fuel, signatures for mineral deposits and/or oil deposits, snow, rain, thermal energy, hot surfaces, hot gases, solar energy, hail, ice, vibrations, traffic, the number of people in a vicinity of the person, coughing and/or sneezing sounds from people in the vicinity of the person, loudness and/or pitch from those speaking in the vicinity of the person. 67. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the housing is configured to be attached to an ear of a person, and further comprising a speaker, microphone, and transceiver supported by the housing, wherein the transceiver is electronically connected to the speaker and microphone and permits bidirectional wireless communications between the apparatus and a remote terminal, and wherein the transceiver is electronically connected to the signal processor and is configured to transmit physiological and environmental sensor signals from the signal processor to the remote terminal. 68. The apparatus of claim 67, wherein the transceiver is a Bluetooth.RTM., Wi-Fi, or ZigBee transceiver or is interoperable with multiple wireless communication protocols. 69. The apparatus of claim 67, further comprising an arm movably attached to the housing, wherein the microphone is supported by the arm, and wherein the arm is movable between a stored position and an extended, operative position. 70. The apparatus of claim 69, further comprising a physiological sensor and/or an environmental sensor supported by the arm. 71. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the transmitter is configured to transmit signals from the signal processor to the remote terminal following a predetermined time interval. 72. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the at least one physiological sensor and/or the at least one environmental sensor is configured to identify a person to whom the personal monitoring apparatus housing is attached. 73. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the at least one physiological sensor and/or the at least one environmental sensor is configured to monitor physical aging rate. 74. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the signal processor is configured to processes information from the at least one physiological sensor and/or the at least one environmental sensor to assess aging rate. 75. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the at least one environmental sensor is configured to assess aging rate, and wherein the at least one environmental sensor comprises a UV sensor or a pollution sensor. 76. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the at least one physiological sensor is configured to assess aging rate, and wherein the at least one physiological sensor comprises a pulse rate sensor, a blood pressure sensor, an activity sensor, or a psychosocial stress sensor. 77. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the at least one physiological and environmental sensors are configured to monitor physical aging rate, wherein the at least one environmental sensor comprises a UV sensor or a pollution sensor, and wherein the at least one physiological sensor comprises a pulse rate sensor, a blood pressure sensor, an activity sensor, or a psychosocial stress sensor. 78. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the apparatus is a hearing aid. 79. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the at least one physiological sensor is configured to measure caloric consumption and/or calories burned by the person. 80. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising memory supported by the housing, wherein the memory includes at least one algorithm, and wherein the signal processor is configured to process the at least one algorithm. 81. The apparatus of claim 80, wherein the at least one algorithm can be modified wirelessly via the transmitter. 82. The apparatus of claim 80, wherein the transmitter is configured to wirelessly upload an algorithm to the memory. 83. The apparatus of claim 80, wherein the at least one algorithm is configured to focus processing resources on at least one extraction of physiological or environmental information. 84. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a rechargeable power source that powers the at least one physiological sensor, the at least one environmental sensor, the signal processor, and the transmitter. 85. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the at least one physiological sensor and/or the at least one environmental sensor is configured to be regenerated through a physical and/or chemical change. 86. The apparatus of claim 21, wherein the communication module communicates a treatment, therapy, or plan of action to the person upon detection of physiological or environmental concerns. 87. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising an audible communicator supported by the housing that is configured to communicate therapeutic sounds to the person in response to physiological or psychosocial stress. 88. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a light source supported by the housing that is configured to provide light therapy to the person in response to physiological or psychosocial stress. 89. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the at least one physiological sensor includes multiple temperature sensors configured to measure core body temperature and skin temperature of the person. 90. The apparatus of claim 88, wherein the temperature sensors are configured to measure core body temperature from the tympanic membrane or ear canal and skin temperature from the skin of the ear canal or the skin of the outer ear. 91. A personal monitoring apparatus, comprising: a wireless personal communicator configured to be attached to the ear of a person; and at least one physiological sensor associated with the wireless personal communicator that is configured to detect and/or measure physiological information from a person, wherein the wireless personal communicator is configured to transmit physiological sensor signals to a remote terminal. 92. A personal monitoring apparatus, comprising: a wireless personal communicator configured to be attached to the ear of a person; and at least one environmental sensor associated with the wireless personal communicator that is configured to detect and/or measure environmental conditions in a vicinity of a person, wherein the wireless personal communicator is configured to transmit environmental sensor signals to a remote terminal. 