A solar panel carrier T is provided at a sub-structure U such that it can be rotated and tilted by means of hydrostatic rotation and tilt motors M, M'. In an electrohydraulic adjusting device for the solar panel carrier T a motor pump aggregate 8 is connected to the hydrostatic motors. Within working lines A, B of the tilt hydrostatic motor M at least one tilt control system K is provided, which comprises valve components and a pilot pressure circuit. The tilt control system K comprises pressure actuated blocking valves or load holding valves LHV.sub.A, LHV.sub.B. For automatically adjusting a protected position S of the carrier T a suction line N is provided at the side of the hydrostatic tilt motor facing to the blocking valves or load holding valves. The suction line N is surveyed by a monitoring solenoid 18 and is opened depending on initial pressure conditions in case of switching off the electric power and/or in case of an electric breakdown. In this fashion the protected position S of the carrier T can be adjusted without consuming primary energy by use of the weight load of the carrier T itself.
Claims 1. Electrohydraulic adjusting device (E) for a solar panel carrier (T) which, at least for tracking the position of the sun, is rotatable and tiltable at a sub-structure (1, U) by means of double-actuated hydrostatic rotation and tilt motors (M, M') and selectively is tiltable such that the carrier (T) tends to automatically reach a protected position (S) without actuation by the hydrostatic tilt motor (M), comprising a motor pump aggregate (8) connected to the hydrostatic rotation and tilt motors (M, M') and a control system comprising valve components at least for a tilt control, the control system containing pressure controlled blocking valves or load holding valves (LHV.sub.A, LHV.sub.B) in working lines (A, B) at least of the at least one hydrostatic tilt motor (M), wherein for automatically adjusting the protected position (S) of the carrier (T) a suction line (N) is provided at the side of the hydrostatic tilt motor (M) facing to the blocking valves or load holding valves (LHV.sub.A, LHV.sub.B), that the suction line (N) is adapted to be controlled open only pressure dependently in case of a power switching off condition and/or an electrical power breakdown, that the suction line (N) is controlled by a monitoring solenoid (18) between an open state and a closed state, that between the hydrostatic tilt motor (M) and the blocking valves and load holding valves (LHV.sub.A, LHV.sub.B) the working lines (A, B) are interconnected by a suction path (23), that a discharge line (26) branching off from the suction path (23) is deviating the blocking valves or load holding valves, that a respective pilot pressure operated multi-way seat valve (19, 20) is arranged in the suction path (23) and in the discharge line (26), the respective multi-way seat valve (19, 20) being pilot pressure operated with pilot pressures taken from the suction path (23) and the discharge line (26), that a pilot circuit of both multi-way seat valves (19, 20) is connected by an unloading branch (31) to the discharge line (26), and that a solenoid seat valve (22) is arranged in the unloading branch (31), the solenoid seat valve (22) having the monitoring solenoid (18) as a valve actuator for bringing the solenoid seat valve (22) into a blocking position. 2. Electrohydraulic adjusting device according to claim 1, wherein the monitoring solenoid (18) has a power consumption between only about 1.5 volt to 6.0 volt, preferably about 3 volt, and that the monitoring solenoid (18) is permanently energized during normal operation of the adjusting device (E). 3. Electrohydraulic adjusting device according to claim 1, wherein the hydrostatic tilt motor (M) is a differential cylinder (Z), the piston rod (5) of which, preferably, in the protection position (S)) is retracted into a form-fit abutment, that the suction line (N) is opened in suction direction from a piston side chamber to a piston rod side chamber, that the discharge line (26) deviates the blocking valve or load holding valve in the working line (A, B) either connected to the piston side chamber or the piston rod side chamber and that, preferably, the discharge line (26) is connected to a section of the respective working line (A or B) extending between the blocking valve or load holding valve and the motor pump aggregate (8). 4. Electrohydraulic adjusting device according to claim 1, wherein the suction path (23) and the discharge line (26) respectively contain a check valve (24, 24') blocking in flow direction to the piston side chamber. 5. Electrohydraulic adjusting device according to claim 1, wherein a lowering brake valve (21) is installed in the discharge line (26). 6. Electrohydraulic adjusting device according to claim 1, wherein at least the suction line (N) and the monitoring solenoid (18) are provided in a valve block (V) also containing the blocking valves or load holding valves, and that the valve block (V) is mounted either directly at the hydrostatic tilt motor (M) or in immediate vicinity of the hydrostatic tilt motor (M). 7. Electrohydraulic adjusting device according to claim 1, wherein each multi-way seat valve (19, 20) contains a closure member which is loaded in opening direction at an opening control side and in closing direction at a closing control side on pressure receiving surfaces of different sizes by pilot pressure taken from the suction path (23) and the discharge line (26), that the closure member, preferably, is urged by a valve spring (29) in closing direction, that an aperture (30) is installed between the suction path (23) and the discharge line (26), respectively, and the closing control side of each multi-way seat valve (19, 20), that the closing control sides of both multi-way seat valves (19, 20) are connected via an unloading branch (31) to the solenoid seat valve (22) which unloading branch (31) leads to a section of the working line (A, B) extending to the motor pump aggregate (8), and that a cross-section of the open solenoid seat valve (22) is larger than the size of the respective aperture (30). 8. Electrohydraulic adjusting device according to claim 7, wherein the size of the aperture (30) corresponds to a bore of a diameter of about 0.4 mm, and that the cross-section of the open solenoid seat valve (22) corresponds to a bore of a diameter of about 0.7 mm to 0.8 mm. 9. Electrohydraulic adjusting device according to claim 1, wherein the motor pump aggregate (8) comprises a reversible electric motor (9) and a pump (10) which discharges in both senses of rotation, a pair of pilot pressure operated 2/3-way valves (12), a system pressure limiting valve (11) and a solenoid actuated directional control slider valve (W), that the working lines (A, B) extend to a tilt control system (K) of the hydrostatic tilt motor (M), and that further working lines extends to a rotation control system (D) of the carrier (T), and that the power consumption of the solenoid (13) of the directional control slider valve (W) amounts to about 5 to 10 volt, preferably to about 8 volt. 10. Electrohydraulic adjusting device according to claim 1, wherein several hydrostatic tilt motors (M) are provided, that the hydrostatic tilt motors (M) are switched in parallel, and that the hydrostatic tilt motors (M) either are connected to a common tilt control system (K) or have separate tilt control systems (K). 