A solar energy system, including a front panel and at least two mirrors, is provided. The mirrors are used to focus light onto a photoconductive cell. In the preferred embodiment, three or more nubs are an integral part of at least one of the mirrors. When the system is assembled, these nubs are configured between the panel and a mirror to provide a substantially uniform gap for an adhesive. The mirror is secured to the panel by the adhesive. Thus, the nubs assist with desired attachment and alignment of a mirror to the panel in the solar energy system.
Claims 1. A solar power unit, comprising: a substantially planar surface; a primary mirror radially symmetric about a first axis, said primary mirror having a perimeter wherein at least a portion of said perimeter is attached to said planar surface; a secondary mirror radially symmetric about a second axis, said secondary mirror having a mounting surface wherein at least a portion of said mounting surface is attached to said planar surface; three nubs on said mounting surface, said nubs having nub heights, wherein said nub heights are substantially equal; and an adhesive substance; wherein said secondary mirror is secured to said planar surface by said adhesive substance, and wherein said nubs provide a substantially uniform gap between said mounting surface and said planar surface for said adhesive substance. 2. The solar power unit of claim 1, wherein said nubs are integral to said secondary mirror. 3. The solar power unit of claim 1, wherein said primary mirror and said secondary mirror focus light on a photovoltaic cell. 4. The solar power unit of claim 1, wherein said nub heights determines the bond thickness of said adhesive. 5. The solar power unit of claim 1, wherein said first axis is coaxial to said second axis. 6. A method of attaching and aligning a mirror with integral nubs to a panel of a solar power unit, comprising: dispensing an adhesive onto said panel; positioning said mirror over said panel; placing said mirror with said integral nubs in contact with said adhesive; distributing said adhesive; and confirming contact of said nubs with said panel; wherein said integral nubs have nub heights, and wherein said nub heights provide a substantially uniform gap in which to distribute said adhesive substance. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein said mirror is a curved primary mirror with a perimeter, wherein said nubs are configured on said perimeter of said primary mirror, and wherein said nub heights are substantially equal. 8. The method of claim 7, wherein four nubs are configured on said perimeter of said curved primary mirror. 9. The method of claim 6, wherein said mirror is a curved secondary mirror with a mounting surface, wherein said nubs are configured on said mounting surface of said secondary mirror, and wherein said nub heights are substantially equal. 10. The method of claim 9, wherein three nubs are configured on said mounting surface of said curved secondary mirror. 11. The method of claim 6, wherein said distributing of said adhesive comprises rotating said mirror. 12. The method of claim 6, wherein said distributing of said adhesive comprises compression. 13. A solar energy system, comprising: a panel; a mirror having a mounting surface; three nubs with nub heights, wherein said nubs are integral to said mounting surface of said mirror; and an adhesive substance, wherein said mirror is secured to said panel by said adhesive substance, and wherein said nub heights provide a substantially uniform gap between said panel and said mounting surface of said mirror. 14. The solar energy system of claim 13, wherein said nub heights determine the bond thickness of said adhesive substance. 15. The solar energy system of claim 13, wherein said mirror is a curved primary mirror with a perimeter, wherein said nubs heights are substantially equal, and wherein said nubs are configured on said perimeter of said primary mirror. 16. The solar energy system of claim 13, wherein said mirror is a curved secondary mirror with a mounting surface, wherein said nub heights are substantially equal, and wherein said nubs are configured on said mounting surface of said secondary mirror. 17. The solar energy system of claim 13, wherein said mirror directs light to a photovoltaic cell. 18. The solar energy system of claim 13, wherein said mirror is symmetric about a first axis; and further comprising a secondary mirror symmetric about a second axis substantially coaxial to said first axis, said secondary mirror having a mounting surface wherein at least a portion of said mounting surface is attached to said panel. 19. A solar energy system comprising; a panel; a pressed optic having a mounting surface; multiple nubs with nub heights, wherein said nubs are integrally formed on said mounting surface; an adhesive substance, wherein said pressed optic is secured to said panel by said adhesive substance, and wherein said nub heights establish a spacing between said mounting surface and said panel. 20. The solar energy system of claim 19, wherein said pressed optic is a mirror. 21. The solar energy system of claim 19, wherein said pressed optic is a lens. 22. The solar energy system of claim 19, wherein said nubs assist in alignment of said pressed optic with said panel. 