An apparatus and method for allowing an operator of a portable infusion device continue to operate the device after the primary battery source becomes depleted. The invention contemplates providing a secondary, rechargeable battery in addition to the primary battery, to allow the infusion device to operate even in the instance of a sudden drop in primary battery voltage. The apparatus includes a housing accommodating a syringe, where the syringe contains a liquid to be infused. Also included is a motor, a drive system operatively connected to the motor, where the drive system advances a piston of the syringe in order to expel the liquid from a barrel of the syringe. A power source is in electrical contact with and supplies power to the motor. The power source includes a primary battery module, and a rechargeable battery module, wherein the primary battery source supplies power to the rechargeable battery module. The result is a fail-safe system of alerting the user of low or critical battery conditions.
Claims 1. An infusion pump comprising: a housing accommodating a syringe, the syringe containing a liquid to be infused; a motor within the housing; a drive system operatively connected to the motor, the drive system to advance a piston of the syringe to expel the liquid from a barrel of the syringe; and a power source in electrical contact with and supplying power to the motor, the power source comprising: a primary battery module; and a rechargeable battery module, wherein the primary battery source supplies power to the rechargeable battery module. 2. The infusion pump of claim 1, wherein the power source further comprises a first DC-DC converter module in electrical communication with the primary battery module. 3. The infusion pump of claim 2, wherein the power source further comprises a charge controller in electrical communication with the first DC-DC converter module and the rechargeable battery module. 4. The infusion pump of claim 3, wherein the first DC-DC converter supplies power to the charge controller and a second DC-DC converter. 5. The infusion pump of claim 4, wherein the power source further comprises at least one diode, wherein if the primary battery module reaches a critical condition, the rechargeable battery module supplies power to the second DC-DC converter via the at least one diode. 6. The infusion pump of claim 5, wherein the power source further comprises a voltage monitor unit, the voltage monitor configured to switch off the second DC-DC converter to preserve energy remaining in the rechargeable battery. 7. The infusion pump of claim 3, wherein the charge controller is in electrical communication with one or more external power sources for charging the rechargeable battery module. 8. The infusion pump of claim 7, wherein at least one of the one or more external power sources is a photovoltaic power source. 9. The infusion pump of claim 7, wherein at least one of the one or more external power sources is a thermoelectric power source. 10. A power source module for use in an infusion pump, the power source comprising: a primary battery; a rechargeable battery; a recharging circuit for recharging the rechargeable battery; a power source selector module for selecting one of the primary battery and the rechargeable battery; and one or more voltage converters. 11. The power source of claim 10, wherein the recharging circuit is in electrical communication with one or more external power sources for charging the rechargeable battery module. 12. The power source of claim 11, wherein at least one of the one or more external power sources is a photovoltaic power source. 13. The power source of claim 11, wherein at least one of the one or more external power sources is a thermoelectric power source. 14. A method of detecting a critical primary battery condition in an infusion pump, the method comprising: providing a rechargeable battery; providing a primary battery, wherein the infusion pump is initially powered via the primary battery; detecting when the primary battery reaches a critical battery condition; and upon the primary battery reaching the critical battery condition, powering the infusion pump via the rechargeable battery. 