A supply-load multiplexer has multiple power inputs for coupling to multiple power supplies and multiple power outputs for coupling to multiple loads. The multiplexer selectively couples the power inputs to the power outputs. A controller is coupled to the supply-load multiplexer and controls the selective coupling of power inputs to power outputs as a function of load power requirements and/or power supply characteristics.
Claims 1. A device comprising: a supply-load multiplexer having multiple power inputs for coupling to multiple power supplies and multiple power outputs for coupling to multiple loads, wherein the multiplexer selectively couples the power inputs to the power outputs; and a controller coupled to the supply-load multiplexer that controls the selective coupling of power inputs to power outputs as a function of load power requirements and power supply characteristics. 2. The device of claim 1 wherein the power supplies are selected from the group consisting of AAA batteries, fuel cells and solar cells. 3. The device of claim 1 and further comprising power supply sensors that measure power supply characteristics, wherein the power supply characteristics are selected from the group consisting of current levels, sensed power levels and calculated power consumption of the power supplies. 4. The device of claim 1 where the load power requirements are represented by an activity load map. 5. The device of claim 4 wherein the activity load map identifies different power requirements for the loads as a function of different modes of operation of such loads. 6. The device of claim 5 wherein the different modes of operation of the loads are selected from the group consisting of transmitting, receiving, sleeping, active, and idle. 7. The device of claim 1 wherein the load power requirements are calculated as a function of projected needs of the loads. 8. The device of claim 1 wherein the loads are selected from the group consisting of radios, occupancy sensors and temperature sensors. 9. The device of claim 1 wherein the selective coupling is changed in response to changing load power requirements and changing power supply characteristics. 10. A device comprising: means for selectively coupling to multiple power supplies to multiple loads; and means for dynamically controlling the selective coupling of power supplies to loads as a function of load power requirements and power supply characteristics. 11. The device of claim 10 wherein the power supplies are selected from the group consisting of AAA batteries, fuel cells and solar cells. 12. The device of claim 10 and further comprising means for measuring power supply characteristics, wherein the power supply characteristics are selected from the group consisting of current levels, sensed power levels and calculated power consumption of the power supplies. 13. The device of claim 10 where the load power requirements are a function of different modes of operation of such loads and wherein the different modes of operation of the loads are selected from the group consisting of transmitting, receiving, sleeping, active, and idle. 14. The device of claim 10 wherein the load power requirements are calculated as a function of projected needs of the loads. 15. The device of claim 10 wherein the selective coupling is changed in response to changing load power requirements and changing power supply characteristics. 16. A method comprising: monitoring power supply characteristics of multiple power supplies; determining future load power requirements for multiple loads; and selectively coupling multiple power supplies to multiple loads as a function of load power requirements and power supply characteristics. 17. The method of claim 16 wherein the power supplies are selected from the group consisting of AAA batteries, fuel cells and solar cells. 18. The method of claim 16 and wherein power supply sensors are used to monitor power supply characteristics and wherein the power supply characteristics are selected from the group consisting of current levels, sensed power levels and calculated power consumption of the power supplies. 19. The method of claim 16 where the load power requirements are a function of different modes of operation of such loads and wherein the different modes of operation of the loads are selected from the group consisting of transmitting, receiving, sleeping, active, and idle. 20. The method of claim 16 wherein the load power requirements are calculated as a function of projected needs of the loads. 