An improved solar powered decorative light system that can used on cloudy days and does not require the use of individual solar panels associated with each light in a decorative outdoor home holiday display. The improved solar powered decorative light system includes a plurality of decorative outdoor lights each having at least one LED and receiving electrical energy for illumination from a single solar receptor comprised of a double junction amorphous panel set. The decorative outdoor lights may further include replaceable decorative covers.
Claims 1. A set of decorative outdoor lights comprising: a double junction amorphous solar panel set; said double junction amorphous solar panel set being affixed to a mounting pole; said mounting pole including a set of one or more LED's on one end; said mounting pole further including a male electrical connection; a set of decorative lights electrically connected to said mounting pole; said set of decorative lights receiving electrical energy for illumination from said double junction amorphous panel set. 2. The set of decorative outdoor lights of claim 1, wherein said mounting pole includes a stake on the opposing end from said one or more LED's. 3. The set of decorative outdoor lights of claim 1, further comprising a switch for selectively illuminating said set of decorative lights from said double junction amorphous panel set. 4. A decorative outdoor light system comprising: a first mounting post having a solar receptor affixed thereto and including at least one LED on one end and a first male electrical connection, said solar receptor including a double junction amorphous solar panel set in continuity with said at least one LED and said first male electrical connection; a second mounting post having at least one LED on one end in continuity with a second electrical connection, said second electrical connection comprising a male side and a female side, said female side of the second electrical connection being selectively connected to said first male electrical connection of said first mounting post; wherein the at least one LED on each of said first and second mounting posts receive electrical energy for illumination from said double junction amorphous panel set. 5. The decorative outdoor light system of claim 4 wherein each of said mounting posts includes a stake on the opposing end from said one or more LED's. 6. The decorative outdoor light system of claim 4, wherein said solar receptor further comprises a switch for selectively illuminating said set of decorative lights from said double junction amorphous panel set. 7. The decorative outdoor light system of claim 4, wherein said solar receptor further comprises a battery connected to said double junction amorphous panel set. 8. The decorative outdoor light system of claim 4, wherein said female side of said second electrical connection further includes a length wire. 9. The decorative outdoor light system of claim 4, wherein said female side of said second electrical connection is surrounded by external threads, and said first male electrical connection and said male side of said second electrical connection each comprise an internally threaded rotatable connectors complementary to the external threads of said female side of said second electrical connection. 10. The decorative outdoor light system of claim 4, wherein each of said first and second mounting posts further includes a cover over said at least one LED. 11. The decorative outdoor light system of claim 10, wherein said cover is removable and replaceable. 