A solar collector assembly may include a frame supporting a solar collector and a frame member defining a tilted pivot axis. Support struts may be used to elevate one end of the frame and may be pivoted between an orientation generally parallel to the frame member and to an orientation generally away from the frame. Anchorless, ballast type bases may be used to support the solar collector assembly. Several assemblies may be stacked on top of one another in a storage or transportation configuration using spacers extending between the frames.
Claims 1. A solar collector assembly comprising: a frame, the frame having a first end and a second end, the frame comprising a frame member defining a tilt axis; a solar collector mounted to the frame; a first side support coupled to the frame member towards the first end; a second side support coupled to the frame member towards the second end, the frame member being pivotally coupled to the first and second side supports to permit the solar collector module to be tilted about the tilt axis; and the second side support comprising first and second struts, each strut being coupled to the frame for pivotal movement about a first axis generally parallel to the tilt axis and about a second axis to permit the struts to be extended from an orientation generally parallel to the frame member to an orientation generally away from the frame. 2. The solar collector assembly of claim 1 wherein each strut is pivotally coupled to the frame member by a bearing assembly, each bearing assembly comprising an inner bearing member fixed to the frame member and an outer bearing member rotatably mounted over the inner bearing member for rotation around the first axis. 3. The solar collector assembly of claim 1 wherein the first side support further comprises a mounting member configured to couple to a first surface mount and wherein the first and second struts further comprise mounting members configured to couple to a second surface mount. 4. The solar collector assembly of claim 3 wherein the mounting member for the first side support is configured to pivotally couple to the first surface mount and wherein the mounting members for the first and second struts are configured to pivotally couple to the second surface mount. 5. The solar collector assembly of claim 4 further coupled to first and second surface mounts, wherein the first and second surface mounts comprise first and second anchorless, ballast-type bases. 6. The solar collector assembly of claim 5 wherein the first and second anchorless, ballast-type bases are configured to rest on and substantially above a surface upon which the solar collector assembly is deployable. 7. The solar collector assembly of claim 6 wherein the first and second anchorless, ballast-type bases are configured to be placed on the surface without substantial excavation of the surface. 8. The solar collector assembly of claim 4 further coupled to first and second surface mounts, wherein the first surface mount comprises a first anchorless, ballast-type base and the second surface mount comprises second and third anchorless, ballast-type bases. 9. A solar collector installation comprising: a first solar collector assembly comprising: a frame having a first end and a second end; a solar collector mounted to the frame; a first side support coupled to the frame towards the first end; a second side support coupled to the frame towards the second end, the second side support comprising first and second struts, each strut being coupled to the frame for placement at an orientation generally away from the frame; a first surface mount, comprising an anchorless, ballast-type first base configured to rest on and substantially above a support surface on which the first solar collector assembly is deployable; a second surface mount, comprising an anchorless, ballast-type second base configured to rest on and substantially above a support surface on which the first solar collector assembly is deployable; and wherein the first side support is coupled to the first surface mount and the second side support is coupled to the second surface mount. 10. The solar collector installation of claim 9 wherein the second surface mount comprises first and second anchorless, ballast-type second bases with the first and second struts connected to the first and second anchorless, ballast-type second bases, respectively. 11. The solar collector installation of claim 10 further comprising a second solar collector assembly with its first strut coupled to the second anchorless, ballast-type second base of the second surface mount such that the second anchorless, ballast-type second base constitutes a shared, unitary base, whereby lateral loads exerted on the first and second solar collector assemblies can be distributed loads. 12. The solar collector installation of claim 10 wherein the first base weighs at least 1500 pounds and at least one of the second bases weighs at least 5000 pounds. 13. The solar collector installation of claim 10 wherein the first and second anchorless, ballast type bases comprise concrete blocks configured to be placed on a support surface that is not flat and without substantial excavation of the support surface. 14. A solar collector installation of claim 9 wherein the first and second anchorless, ballast type bases rest on and substantially above positions on the support surface without substantial excavation of the support surface. 15. A solar collector installation, comprising: a plurality of solar collector assemblies, each solar collector assembly comprising: a frame having a first end and a second end; a solar collector mounted to the frame; a first side support coupled to the frame towards the first end; and a second side support coupled to the frame towards the second end, the second side support comprising first and second support struts, each support strut having a distal end; a plurality of first bases arranged substantially in a first row on and substantially above a support surface; a plurality of second bases arranged substantially in a second row on and substantially above the support surface, the second row having an interior; wherein each of the plurality of first side supports is coupled to one of the plurality of first bases; wherein each of the plurality of first and second support struts has its distal end coupled to one of the plurality of second bases such that at least one of the second bases in the interior of the second row is coupled to a support strut of two adjacent solar collector assemblies; and wherein the support struts support the solar collector module assemblies above the support surface at at least one chosen tilt angle. 16. The installation of claim 15 wherein the first and second bases comprise anchorless, ballast-type bases. 17. The installation of claim 15 wherein the first and second bases are arranged on the support surface without substantial excavation of the support surface. 18. The installation of claim 15 wherein each of the second bases in the interior of the second row is coupled to a support strut of two adjacent solar collector assemblies. 19. A stack of solar collector assemblies comprising: a plurality of spacers; a plurality of solar collector assemblies, each solar collector assembly comprising: a frame and a solar collector mounted to the frame, the frame having a first end and a second end, the frame comprising a frame member defining a tilt axis; the frame further comprising spacer engagement areas configured to engage with the spacers; a first side support coupled to the frame member towards the first end; a second side support coupled to the frame member towards the second end, the frame member being pivotally coupled to the first and second side supports to permit the solar collector module to be tilted about the tilt axis; and the spacers configured to be positioned between each of the solar collector assemblies in engagement with the spacer engagement areas to support the solar collector module assemblies in a stacked configuration. 20. A stack of solar collector assemblies of claim 19 wherein the frame extends beyond the solar collector at the first and second ends 21. The stack of solar collector assemblies of claim 19 wherein the second side support comprises first and second struts, each strut being coupled to the frame for pivotal movement about a first axis generally parallel to the tilt axis and about a second axis to permit the struts to be extended from a first orientation generally parallel to the frame member to a second orientation generally away from the frame. 22. The stack of solar collector assemblies of claim 19 wherein the plurality of spacers comprise elongated members each having a first end and a second end, the first end configured to pass into a hole in a one frame member and a second end configured to pass into a hole in an adjacent frame member. 23. The stack of solar collector assemblies of claim 19 wherein: the spacer engagement areas comprise holes in the frame members toward the first and second ends; the plurality of spacers comprises a plurality of first spacer elements configured to engage the holes in the frame members; and the first spacer elements comprise elongated members each having a first end and a second end, the first end configured to pass into a hole in the first or second end of one frame member and a second end configured to stably engage an adjacent frame member. 24. The stack of solar collector assemblies of claim 23 wherein the first spacer elements further comprise rods and the elongated members comprise tubular spacer elements configured to permit the rods to extend therethrough at the first and second ends of the frame member. 25. The stack of solar collector assemblies of claim 24 wherein the rods comprise lifting points to facilitate lifting of the stack of solar collector assemblies. 26. The stack of solar collector assemblies of claim 23 wherein: the frame further comprises rails extending transversely to the frame member; and further comprising: a plurality of second of spacer elements configured to engage the rails, the second spacer elements having a generally inverted T-cross-sectional shape with a base and a center element extending upwardly from the base and wherein the base is configured to engage the rail of one frame and the center element is configured to engage the rail of an adjacent frame. 27. The stack of solar collector assemblies of claim 19 wherein at least one of the solar collector assemblies comprises: a drive element configured to be securable to the frame member in a first orientation and securable to the frame in a second orientation; the drive element extending substantially away from the pivot axis and the solar collector when in the first orientation; and the drive element extending substantially away from the pivot axis and generally parallel to the solar collector when in the second orientation. 28. The stack of solar collector assemblies of claim 27 further comprising a skid on which the solar collector assemblies are supported. 29. The stack of solar collector assemblies of claim 28 wherein: the skid comprises a base, supporting the solar collector assemblies, and a stabilizer bar extending upwardly from the base; and the drive element is securable to the stabilizer bar to help stabilize the stack of solar collector assemblies. 30. The stack of solar collector assemblies of claim 29 wherein a plurality of the solar collector assemblies comprise drive elements and wherein adjacent ones of the drive elements comprise nesting elements which engage one another to at least reduce relative lateral movement therebetween. 31. The stack of solar collector assemblies of claim 19 wherein the bottom assembly in the stack is biased toward the top assembly in the stack. 32. The stack of solar collector assemblies of claim 19 wherein stack further comprises lifting points to facilitate lifting of the stack of solar collector assemblies. 33. A method for constructing a tracking solar collector installation comprising: building, at a first location, a plurality of solar collector assemblies, each solar collector assembly comprising a frame and a solar collector mounted to the frame, the solar collector assemblies adapted to be arranged in a substantially compact, storage or transport configuration or to be arranged in a deployed configuration; preparing, at a second location, a plurality of surface mounts; transporting the plurality of solar collector assemblies to an installation location; arranging the plurality of surface mounts in at least one row on a support surface at the installation location; deploying the plurality of solar collector assemblies by mounting them to the plurality of surface mounts such that each of the plurality of solar collector assemblies is rotatable about a tilt axis and supported above the support surface at a chosen tilt angle. 34. The method of claim 33 wherein the second location and the installation location are substantially the same. 35. The method of claim 33 wherein the surface mounts are arranged on and substantially above the support surface and without substantial excavation of the support surface. 36. The method of claim 33 wherein the deploying step includes manipulating one or more support members coupled to the frame from a storage or transport configuration wherein the support members are arranged substantially parallel to the frame to a deployed configuration wherein the support members are directed substantially away from the frame. 37. The method of claim 33 further comprising coupling a tilt assembly to the plurality of solar collector assemblies to drive the rotation of the solar collectors about the tilt axis. 38. The method of claim 33 wherein the preparing step comprises preparing ballast-type surface mounts and the rearranging step comprises placing ballast-type surface mounts on and substantially above the support surface and without substantial excavation of the support surface. 39. The method of claim 38 wherein the placing step comprises placing first and second ballast-type surface mounts on the support surface for each solar collector assembly. 40. The method of claim 38 wherein: the deploying step comprises deploying at least first and second solar collector assemblies; the placing step comprises: placing a first ballast-type surface mount for each of the first and second solar collector assemblies; and placing first, second and third of a second ballast-type surface mount for the first and second solar collector assemblies; and the deploying step further comprises mounting the first solar collector assembly to the first and second of said second ballast-type surface mounts and the second solar collector assembly to the second and third of said second ballast-type surface mounts; whereby lateral loads exerted on the first and second solar collector assemblies can be distributed loads. 