Disclosed is a method and system for providing reporting and billing information in an installed energy roadway system. Newer alternative energy gathering systems will need state of the art reporting systems to generate accurate accounting, power distribution, efficiency, maintenance, billing and third party royalty information. The invention method provides at least one energy device connecting to an installed energy roadway system. The energy device may store harnessed energy from alternative energy resources, such as solar, wind, or any combination thereof. The method receives at least one customer's information utilizing the at least one energy device and the information associated with the at least one energy device. The method then processes the information for billing and reporting purposes.
Claims 1. A computer reporting system for an installed energy roadway system, the computer reporting system comprising: at least one customer utilizing at least one energy device, the at least one energy device being electrically connected to a roadway system electricity grid; a receiver configured to receive the at least one customer's information and the at least one energy device's information; and a processing unit coupled to the receiver, the processing unit configured to process the at least one customer's information and the at least one energy device's information for billing and reporting purposes. 2. The computer reporting system according to claim 1 wherein the at least one customer's information includes customer's name, type of energy devices, check-in and check-out times of the at least one energy device, and billing amount. 3. The computer reporting system according to claim 1 further includes: a monitoring unit configured to monitor a status of the at least one energy device; a display unit configured to display the at least one customer's information and status of the at least one energy device; a storage unit configured to store the at least one customer's information and at least one energy device's information; and a transmitter configured to send the at least one customer's information and at least one energy device's information to at least one electronic device. 4. The computer reporting system according to claim 3 wherein the at least one electronic device is any type of wireless or non-wireless handheld devices. 5. The computer reporting system according to claim 3 wherein the status of the at least one energy device includes an amount of energy and operating status. 6. The computer reporting system according to claim 3 wherein the receiver and transmitter are configured to send information in a secured manner. 7. The computer reporting system according to claim 1 wherein the at least one energy device includes solar energy device, wind energy device, or any combination thereof. 8. The computer reporting system according to claim 1 wherein the at least one energy device is a mobile vehicle coupled to a solar energy device, wind energy device, or any combination thereof. 9. The computer reporting system according to claim 1 wherein the receiver is configured to receive information about the roadway system electricity grid. 10. The computer reporting system according to claim 1 wherein the roadway system electricity grid includes: a plurality of ground-based wind energy generating devices; and one or more roads; wherein each of substantially all of the ground-based wind energy generating devices is electrically connected to the roadway system electricity grid and positioned on part of one of the roads or near to one or more of the roads to thereby allow energy generation from wind created from passing vehicles in addition to energy generation from atmospheric wind. 11. The computer reporting system according to claim 1 wherein the roadway system electricity grid includes a plurality of ground-based solar energy generating devices, wherein each of substantially all of the ground-based solar energy generating devices, independently, is electrically connected to the roadway system electricity grid and positioned on part of one of the roads or near to one or more of the roads. 12. A computer implemented method for providing reporting and billing information in an installed energy roadway system, the method comprising: providing at least one energy device connecting to a roadway system electricity grid; receiving at least one customer's information utilizing the at least one energy device and information associated with the at least one energy device; and processing the at least one customer s information and the at least one energy device's information for billing and reporting purposes. 13. The computer implemented method according to claim 12 wherein receiving at least one customer's information includes receiving customer's name, type of energy devices, check-in and check-out times of the at least one energy device, and billing amount. 14. The computer implemented method according to claim 12 further includes: providing a status of the at least one energy device; displaying the at least one customer's information and status of the at least one energy device; storing and receiving the at least one customer's information and at least one energy device's information; and transmitting the at least one customer's information and at least one energy device's information to at least one electronic device. 15. The computer implemented method according to claim 14 wherein providing the status of the at least one energy device includes providing an amount of energy and operating status. 16. The computer implemented method according to claim 14 wherein receiving and transmitting information are in a secured manner. 17. The computer implemented method according to claim 12 wherein providing the at least one energy device includes providing a solar energy device, wind energy device, or any combination thereof. 18. The computer implemented method according to claim 12 wherein providing the at least one energy device is providing a mobile vehicle coupled to a solar energy device, wind energy device, or any combination thereof. 19. The computer implemented method according to claim 12 further includes receiving information about the roadway system electricity grid. 20. The computer implemented method according to claim 19 wherein receiving information about the roadway system electricity grid includes generating energy from wind created from passing vehicles using a plurality of ground-based wind energy generation devices, wherein each of substantially all of the ground-based wind energy generating devices is electrically connected to a roadway system electricity grid and positioned on part of a road or near to one or more roads. 21. The computer implemented method according to claim 19 wherein receiving information about the roadway system electricity grid includes generating energy from solar generating devices, wherein each of substantially all of the ground-based solar energy generating devices, independently, is electrically connected to the roadway system electricity grid and positioned on part of one of the roads or near to one or more of the roads. 22. A computer program product for providing reporting and billing information in an installed energy roadway system, comprising: a computer useable medium having a computer readable program, wherein the computer readable program when executed on a computer causes the computer to: receive at least one customer's information utilizing the at least one energy device and information associated with the at least one energy device; process the at least one customer's information and the at least one energy device's information for billing and reporting purposes; display the at least one customer's information and a status of the at least one energy device; store the at least one customer's information and at least one energy device's information; and transmit the at least one customer's information and at least one energy device's information to at least one electronic device. 23. The computer program product of claim 22, wherein the computer useable medium is any of a CD-ROM, floppy disk, tape, flash memory, system memory, and hard drive. 