A measurement system for applications of monitoring and surveying based upon the signals transmitted by a GPS system includes a plurality of measurement stations equipped with at least one GPS receiver, one or more base stations for reception and processing of the measurements made by the plurality of measurement stations, and a network of communication between the stations. The GPS receiver is a receiver that works on a single carrier. The measurement stations are split into triangular sub-networks in which each vertex of a triangle contains a station. The base station is configured for calculating lengths of the baselines that join the measurement stations by means of the double differences, and the base station is configured for executing calculation of the solution in real time.
Claims 1-9. (canceled) 10. A measurement system for applications of monitoring and surveying based upon signals transmitted by a GPS system comprising: a plurality of measurement stations each equipped with at least one GPS receiver and a related antenna; one or more base stations for the reception and processing of measurements made by said plurality of measurement stations; and a network of communication between said one or more stations, wherein said GPS receiver is a receiver that works on a single carrier; and said measurement stations being split into triangular sub-networks in which each vertex of a triangle contains a station, and said base station being configured for calculating lengths of the baselines, which join the measurement stations, by means of the double differences, and for executing in real time a calculation of a solution based upon an "a priori" knowledge of a nominal position of said antennas. 11. The system according to claim 10, wherein said measurement stations are equipped with: a micro-controller; a local-network card; and a point-to-point radio connection. 12. The system according to claim 11, wherein that said measurement stations comprise: a supply coming from a main distribution; and a supply with an array of solar cells. 13. The system according to claim 10, wherein the base station is configured to utilize in the calculation of the solution a method of correction of the multiple propagation paths based upon calibration curves with daily periodicity obtained from the same measurement data of the system. 14. The system according to claim 10, further comprising means for updating of the nominal position of said antennas with a linear estimator and an associated time constant of duration longer than that of phenomena under examination. 