A timer system for monitoring the freshness of a beverage in a plurality of carafes, and a method of use are disclosed. The timer system comprises a plurality of matched pairs of timers and signaling members, with each timer being individually actuateable and each signaling member being drivingly controlled by its matched timer to issue a signal after the matched timer has operated for a preset period of time. A housing mountable on a beverage preparation device houses the timers. A plurality of tags are mounted to a plurality of carafes to create a plurality of matched carafes that correspond to the plurality of matched pairs of timers and signaling members. After the beverage in a matched carafe is prepared, the matched timer is activated. After the timer has operated for a preset period of time, the matched signaling member then issues a signal, permitting the monitoring of the freshness of the beverage in the matched carafe.
Claims 1. A timer system for monitoring the freshness of a beverage in a plurality of carafes, the timer system comprising: a. a plurality of matched pairs of timers and signaling members, each timer being individually actuateable and each signaling member being drivingly controlled by its matched timer to issue a signal after the matched timer has operated for a preset period of time; b. a housing mountable on a beverage preparation device and including the timers; and, c. a plurality of tags mountable on a carafe, each tag once mounted on a carafe producing a matched carafe corresponding to a matched pair of timer and signaling member. 2. The timer system of claim 1 wherein the housing is removably mountable on the beverage preparation device. 3. The timer system of claim 1 further comprising a power source. 4. The timer system of claim 3 wherein the power source comprises a battery. 5. The timer system of claim 3 wherein the power source comprises a solar panel. 6. The timer system of claim 5 wherein the power source further comprises a rechargeable battery and the solar panel is operable to recharge the rechargeable battery. 7. The timer system of claim 1 wherein the signaling member comprises at least one LED. 8. The timer system of claim 1 wherein the signaling member issues an end of life signal after the matched timer has operated for a preset period of time indicative that the beverage in the matched carafe is not fresh. 9. The timer system of claim 8 wherein the signaling member issues a warning signal after the matched timer has operated for a period of time indicative that the beverage in the matched carafe will be fresh for a only an additional preset period of time. 10. The timer system of claim 9 wherein the signaling member issues a signal indicative that the beverage in the matched carafe is fresh. 11. The timer system of claim 10 wherein the signaling member comprises at least one LED. 12. The timer system of claim 1 wherein the signaling members are provided on the tags and each signaling member is wirelessly actuateable by its matched timer. 13. The timer system of claim 1 wherein the signaling members are provided on the housing. 14. The timer system of claim 13 wherein each tag includes a further matched signaling member that is wirelessly actuateable by a matched timer. 15. The timer system of claim 1 wherein the beverage is a brewed beverage. 16. The timer system of claim 1 wherein the beverage is coffee. 17. The timer system of claim 1 wherein the timer system further comprises a monitoring system that records selected details of the actuations of the timer system. 18. The timer system of claim 17 wherein the monitoring system wirelessly monitors the actuations of the timer system. 19. A method of monitoring the freshness of a beverage contained in a plurality of carafes, the method comprising the steps of: a. providing a beverage preparation device, a plurality of matched pairs of timers and a signaling members, the plurality of carafes and a plurality of tags, each tag corresponding to a matched pair of a timer and a signaling member and being mountable on a carafe; b. after preparing the beverage in a carafe, activating a timer corresponding to a tag on the carafe; c. monitoring the freshness of beverage in the carafe by monitoring the signaling member matched to the timer. 20. The method of claim 19 further comprising positioning the matched pairs of timers and signaling members proximate the beverage preparation device. 21. The method of claim 19 further comprising positioning the matched pairs of timers and signaling members on the beverage preparation device. 22. The method of claim 19 wherein the signaling member issues an end of life signal after the matched timer has operated for a preset period of time indicative that the beverage in the matched carafe is not fresh and the method further comprises disposing of the beverage in the carafe after the end of life signal is issued. 23. The method of claim 22 wherein the signaling member issues a warning signal after the matched timer has operated for a period of time indicative that the beverage in the matched carafe will be fresh for only an additional preset period of time and attempting to serve the beverage in the carafe before the end of life signal is issued. 24. The method of claim 19 wherein each tag includes a signaling member that is wirelessly actuateable by its matched timer and the method further comprises monitoring the freshness of the beverage in the carafe by also monitoring the signaling member of the tag. 25. The method of claim 19 wherein the method further comprises brewing the beverage. 26. The method of claim 19 wherein the beverage is coffee and the method further comprises brewing the coffee. 27. The method of claim 19 further comprising recording information relating to actuations of the timers. 28. The method of claim 27 further comprising downloading at least some of the information to a computer. 29. A method of monitoring a beverage preparation device using a timer system comprising a plurality of matched pairs of timers and signaling members corresponding to a plurality of carafes, each timer being individually actuateable, and a housing mountable on a beverage preparation device and including the timers, the method comprising: a. recording information relating to actuations of the timers; and, b. downloading at least some of the information to a computer. 30. The method of claim 29 wherein information is wirelessly transmitted to a computer. 31. The method of claim 29 wherein the method further comprises brewing the beverage. 32. The method of claim 19 wherein the beverage is coffee and the method further comprises brewing the coffee. 33. A method of monitoring a beverage preparation device using a timer system comprising a plurality of matched pairs of timers and signaling members corresponding to a plurality of carafes, each timer being individually actuateable, and a housing mountable on a beverage preparation device and including the timers, the method comprising: a. concurrently actuating a timer and a beverage preparation cycle of the beverage preparation device, the beverage preparation having a predetermined cycle time; b. issuing a signal after the timer has operated for a preset period of time corresponding to the predetermined beverage preparation cycle. 34. The method of claim 33 further comprising monitoring whether the beverage preparation device has completed the beverage preparation cycle when the signaling member issues a signal. 