An apparatus for guiding a driver of a vehicle to enter into a correct lane after a turn at an intersection includes an elongated housing mounted at a first end thereof to a ground surface so that the housing is disposed in a generally upright manner. A first indicating member is secured to the housing for indicating the correct entry lane and viewable by the driver prior to and during turning at the intersection and entering into the correct lane. A second indicating member is secured to the housing laterally opposing the first indicating member for indicating an incorrect entry lane. Each of the first and second indicating members may be a reflector or a light assembly. A plurality of each of the first indicating members and second indicating members may be secured to the housing in a downward spiral manner and incrementally viewable by the driver.
Claims 1. In combination with a roadway, an apparatus for guiding a driver of a vehicle to enter a correct lane after a turn at an intersection of said roadway, said apparatus comprising: (a) an elongated housing having a predetermined length; (b) means for mounting a first end of said housing to a ground surface so that said housing is disposed in a generally upright manner; and (c) means secured to said housing for indicating said correct entry lane and viewable by said driver prior to and during turning into said correct entry lane. 2. The apparatus, according to claim 1, wherein said indicating means is a light reflector mounted to said elongated housing adjacent an opposed second end thereof. 3. The apparatus, according to claim 1, wherein said indicating means is a light assembly operably connected to a source of electrical power and positioned to emit a light in a generally horizontal direction 4. The apparatus, according to claim 3, wherein said apparatus includes said source of electrical power. 5. The apparatus, according to claim 4, wherein said source of electrical power is a battery mounted within an interior portion of said elongated housing. 6. The apparatus, according to claim 4, wherein said source of electrical power includes a solar panel affixed to said opposed second end of said elongated housing. 7. The apparatus, according to claim 1, wherein said indicating means has a green color. 8. The apparatus, according to claim 1, wherein said mounting means is a flange disposed on and secured to said first end of said housing, said flange having a plurality of apertures formed therethrough and disposed in a predetermined pattern. 9. The apparatus, according to claim 1, wherein said apparatus includes means secured to said housing for indicating an incorrect entry lane and viewable by said driver at least prior to entering said correct entry lane. 10. The apparatus, according to claim 9, wherein said incorrect lane indicating means is a second light assembly operably connected to said source of electrical power and positioned to emit a light indicating said incorrect entry lane. 11. The apparatus, according to claim 8, wherein said second indicating means is positioned laterally opposed to said indicating means relative to a longitudinal axis of said elongated housing. 12. The apparatus, according to claim 1, wherein said apparatus includes means disposed intermediate said first end of said housing and said housing mounting means for enabling movement of said housing relative thereto. 13. The apparatus, according to claim 12, wherein said movement enabling means is a coiled spring having a first end thereof secured to said first end of said housing and having a second end thereof secured to said housing mounting means. 14. An apparatus for guiding a driver of a vehicle to enter a correct lane after a turn at an intersection, said apparatus comprising: (a) an elongated housing having a predetermined length; (b) means for mounting a first end of said housing to a road surface so that said housing is disposed in a generally upright manner; (c) a plurality of first light assemblies secured to said housing and disposed in a first predetermined pattern, each operably connected to a source of electrical power and emitting a first color light indicating said correct entry lane; and (d) a plurality of second light assemblies secured to said housing and disposed in a second predetermined pattern, each operably connected to said source of electrical power and emitting a second color light indicating an incorrect entry lane. 15. The apparatus, according to claim 14, wherein each of said first and said predetermined pattern is a spiral and wherein each light assembly is spaced from one another along said spiral at least one of a predetermined vertical distance, a predetermined lateral distance and a predetermined angle. 16. The apparatus, according to claim 14, wherein said apparatus includes an ambient light sensor for sensing an ambient light and for selectively operating said first and second light assembly in response to said sensed ambient light. 17. A method of guiding a driver of a vehicle to enter a correct lane after a turn at an intersection, said method comprising the steps of: (a) providing an elongated hollow housing; (b) securing a first end of said housing to a ground surface adjacent to and in direction of an edge of said correct lane so that said housing is disposed in a generally upright manner; (c) securing at least one lane indicating member to an exterior surface of said housing; and (d) viewing, by said driver, said at least one lane indicating member at least prior to turning at said intersection and entering into said correct lane. 18. The method, according to claim 17, wherein said method includes the additional steps of securing at least one second lane indicating member to said elongated housing for indicating an incorrect entry lane. 19. The method, according to claim 17, wherein said method includes the additional steps of providing a second housing having at least one lane indicating member secured thereto, and the step of mounting said second housing at an opposed side of said correct entry lane. 