A vehicle wheel lighting system powered by the sun including light emitting devices attached to the front of a wheel in an aesthetic array. The light emitting devices are powered by rechargeable batteries that are recharged by solar panels. The light emitting devices are activated by light sensors that sense ambient light for automatically energizing the light emitting devices in darkness. In addition to the vehicle lighting system's aesthetics, it also provides automatic lighting for the vehicle, which from the safety standpoint is beneficial when a vehicle is parked or stopped or moving.
Claims 1. A vehicle wheel lighting system comprising: a vehicle wheel including an outer wheel rim for mounting a tire and having a plurality of centrally extending spokes, said wheel having a front and a back, at least one control board operatively affixed to the back of at least one of said spokes, a plurality of light emitting devices for emitting a plurality of discrete points of light operatively affixed to the front of said spokes in predetermined position, said light emitting devices for emitting points of light in an aesthetic array visible in darkness on said wheel when the vehicle is stationary, said light emitting devices connected in circuit with said at least one control board, at least one light sensor for sensing ambient light for automatically energizing said light emitting devices upon said light sensor sensing darkness, said at least one light sensor operatively affixed to the front of at least one of said spokes and connected in circuit with said at least one control board, at least one rechargeable battery operatively affixed to the back of at least one of said spokes and connected in circuit with said at least one control board, at least one solar panel for generating electricity for recharging said at least one rechargeable battery, said at least one solar panel operatively affixed to said rim and connected in circuit with said at least one control board, whereby upon said light sensor sensing darkness and energizing said light emitting devices in an aesthetic array to simultaneously enhance the safety aspects of the vehicle by making the vehicle more visible in the darkness even with the vehicle's ignition in the lock position. 2. The vehicle wheel lighting system of claim 1, wherein said light emitting devices are light emitting diodes. 3. The vehicle wheel lighting system of claim 1, wherein each spoke of said wheel has one of said light emitting devices affixed thereto at an equal distance from the center of the wheel to form said aesthetic array. 4. The vehicle wheel lighting system of claim 1, wherein one of said solar panels is operatively positioned on said rim at the base of each spoke of said wheel. 5. The vehicle wheel lighting system of claim 1, wherein one of said control panels is affixed to the back of each spoke of said wheel. 6. The vehicle wheel lighting system of claim 1, wherein one of said batteries is affixed to the back of each spoke of said wheel. 7. The vehicle wheel lighting system of claim 1, wherein one of said light sensors is operatively affixed to the front of each spoke of said wheel. 8. The vehicle wheel lighting system of claim 1, further comprising at least one on-off switch connected in circuit with said at least one control panel for overriding the automatic energization of said at least one light emitting device, said at least one on-off switch affixed to the back of said wheel. 9. The vehicle wheel lighting system of claim 8, wherein the back of each spoke of said wheel has one of one of said on-off switches affixed thereto and connected in circuit with said at least one control board. 