A device for holding at least one mobile communication device includes a rear wall and a pair of side walls connected to the rear wall. A base extends between the side walls for supporting a lower end of at least one mobile communication device. A partition is movably coupled to the rear wall or base for defining a plurality of bays accommodating various communication devices. The base defines a slot through which a power cord electrically connected to a mobile communication device may be extended so for connection to an electrical power source. The device may include an auxiliary framework depending from the base and configured to receive a power strip. A mobile communication device may then be plugged into the power strip in order to recharge the communication device's battery. A solar panel may also be provided as the power source.
Claims 1. A device for holding at least one mobile communication device, said device comprising: a rear wall having opposed ends; a respective side wall adjacent each said rear wall end; a base extending between said side walls for supporting a lower end of at least one respective mobile communication device; and a partition coupled to said rear wall or said base to define a plurality of bays. 2. The device of claim 1, wherein said base defines a slot completely passing therethrough. 3. The device of claim 1, wherein said partition is slidably coupled to said rear wall and selectively movable between said side walls to allow a respective bay to accommodate various mobile communication devices. 4. The device of claim 1, wherein: said rear wall defines a slot extending between said rear wall ends; said partition defines a clip; and said clip passes through said rear wall slot and couples said partition to said rear wall, said partition being selectively movable between said rear wall ends to allow a respective bay to accommodate various mobile communication devices. 5. The device of claim 1, wherein said partition includes a front wall for retaining a respective mobile communication device in a respective bay. 6. The device of claim 1, further comprising: a power strip; and an auxiliary framework below said base, said auxiliary framework being configured to receive said power strip; wherein said power strip is received by said auxiliary framework. 7. The device of claim 6, wherein said base defines a slot completely passing therethrough, said base slot being sized to pass a charging cord therethrough. 8. The device of claim 6, further comprising a solar panel in electrical communication with said power strip. 9. The device of claim 6, wherein: said partition is slidably coupled to said rear wall and selectively movable between said side walls to allow a respective bay to accommodate various mobile communication devices; and said partition includes a front wall for retaining a respective mobile communication device in a respective bay. 10. The device of claim 1, further comprising: a solar panel; and a charging cord in electrical communication with said solar panel; wherein said base defines a slot completely passing therethrough, said base slot being sized to pass said charging cord therethrough. 11. A device for holding at least one mobile communication device, said device comprising: a rear wall; a pair of side walls operatively coupled to said rear wall; a base extending between said side walls for supporting a lower end of at least one respective mobile communication device; and a partition movably coupled to said rear wall or said base to define a plurality of bays accommodating of various mobile communication devices. 12. The device of claim 11, wherein said partition has a front wall for retaining a respective mobile communication device in a respective bay. 13. The device of claim 11, wherein: said rear wall defines a receiving slot extending between said side walls; said partition defines a clip; and said clip passes through said receiving slot and couples said partition to said rear wall. 14. The device of claim 11, further comprising: an auxiliary framework below said base; and a power strip coupled to said auxiliary framework for charging the at least one mobile communication device. 15. The device of claim 14, wherein said base defines a slot complete passing therethrough, said base slot being sized to pass a charging cord therethrough. 16. The device of claim 14, further comprising a solar panel in electrical communication with said power strip. 17. The device of claim 11, wherein said rear wall defines a mounting hole. 18. The device of claim 11, further comprising: a solar panel; and a charging cord in electrical communication with said solar panel; wherein said base defines a slot completely passing therethrough, said base slot being sized to pass said charging cord therethrough. 19. The device of claim 18, wherein: said rear wall defines a receiving slot extending between said side walls; said partition defines a clip; and said clip passes through said receiving slot and couples said partition to said rear wall. 20. The device of claim 19, wherein said partition has a front wall for retaining a respective mobile communication device in a respective bay. 