A solar panel tracking system that can simultaneously rotate large arrays of solar panels position in multiple rows utilizing a single drive system. The drive system comprises a single actuation device that drives multiple rotational translation stages at each solar array row for tilting the panels to the correct position. A dual beam structure within each row insure appropriate panel support during rotation and provide the framework for simplified installation and maintenance.
Claims 1. A solar panel array sun tracking system, comprising: a plurality of support posts disposed on a mounting surface; a drive shaft support beam mounted onto said support posts in a generally horizontal orientation, said drive shaft support beam having a longitudinal axis; a pivot support post platform fixedly attached to said drive shaft support beam; pivot structure connected to said pivot post platform and including an array axis of rotation generally perpendicular to said longitudinal axis of said drive shaft support beam; lateral mounting structure for supporting a plurality of solar panels on each side of said drive shaft support beam; panel mounting structure for mounting a plurality of substantially co-planar solar panels, said panel mounting structure pivotally attached to said pivot structure at said array axis of rotation, said panel mounting structure and pivotally attached to said lateral mounting structure; and a rotational drive system having at least one drive shaft operatively connected to said pivot structure and disposed parallel to said drive shaft support beam and further having motorized means for imparting a reciprocating force to said at least one drive shaft. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein said rotational drive system is a motorized ram having two drive shafts disposed on opposing sides of said motorized ram, the reciprocating force imparted by said motorized ram including a pulling force on one side and a simultaneous pushing force on the other side. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein said motorized ram is mounted to a ram support, which is mounted to said drive shaft support beam. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein said drive shaft support beam is attached to said support posts with a support base. 5. The system of claim 1, further including a reciprocating drive tube axially connected to each of said drive shafts and interposed between said drive shaft and said pivot structure. 6. The system of claim 5, wherein said pivot structure comprises a pivot support post disposed upwardly from said pivot support post platform, a drive arm pivotally attached to said pivot support post at said array axis of rotation and pivotally attached to said reciprocating drive tube, and a mounting rail support bracket. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein said pivot structure comprises a pivot support post disposed upwardly from said pivot support post platform, a drive arm pivotally attached to said pivot support post at said array axis of rotation and pivotally attached to said drift shaft, and a mounting rail support bracket. 8. The system of claim 7, wherein said drive shaft support beam and said pivot post platform are stationary structures and said drive shaft moves between said drive shaft support beam and said pivot support post platform. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein said drive arm includes a channel and said drive shaft is pivotally connected to said drive arm by a roller bearing connected to said drive shaft and rollingly disposed within the channel in said drive arm with a drive pin, and wherein said roller bearing rolls outwardly in the channel in said drive arm as the drive arm rotates up from a vertical position. 10. The system of claim 1, wherein said panel mounting structure comprises panel mounting rails affixed to said pivot structure and said lateral mounting structure. 11. The system of claim 10, wherein said pivot structure comprises a pivot support post disposed upwardly from said pivot support post platform, a drive arm pivotally attached to said pivot support post at said array axis of rotation and pivotally attached to said drift shaft, and wherein said panel mounting rails are connected to said mounting rail support bracket with tubular clamps. 12. The system of claim 10, wherein said lateral mounting structure comprises: a plurality of support posts anchored on a surface; a plurality of support cradles each pivotally attached to one of said support posts with a pivot pin aligned with said array axis of rotation. 13. The system of claim 1, wherein said support beams include vertical adjustment means. 14. The system of claim 13, wherein said vertical adjustment means comprises a support post tube, an upper tube member and lower tube member, said tube members being inserted into said tube and having a shared angular seam, a cinch plate, and a threaded cinch bolt disposed through said tube members, such that when said cinch bolt is tightened an offset between said upper tube member and said lower tube member is created within said support post which holds said tube members at a desired position. 15. The system of claim 14, further including a pivot bracket mounted on said upper tube member. 16. The system of claim 1, wherein said panel mounting structure includes panel mounting rails and at least two cross rails clamped to said panel mounting rails. 