A light energy conversion (LEC) system includes a fluid circuit having a working fluid flowing therethrough and a plurality of light concentrating (LC) modules for converting light energy into electrical energy and for transforming the light energy into thermal energy. The LC modules including a first LC module coupled in series with a second LC module along the fluid circuit. The working fluid absorbs thermal energy while flowing through the first and second LC modules. At least the first LC module includes a light concentrating optical element that is configured to direct light energy toward a focal region and a receiver held at the focal region. The receiver includes a housing having a chamber that holds an energy conversion member. The energy conversion member transforms light energy received from the optical element into electrical and thermal energy.
Claims 1. A light energy conversion (LEC) system for generating electrical and thermal energy the system comprising: a fluid circuit including a working fluid flowing therethrough; and a plurality of light concentrating (LC) modules for converting light energy into electrical energy and for transforming the light energy into thermal energy the LC modules including a first LC module coupled in series with a second LC module along the fluid circuit such that the working fluid absorbs thermal energy while flowing through the first and second LC modules, wherein an amount of thermal energy in the working fluid increases as the working fluid flows through the second LC module, at least the first LC module comprising a light concentrating optical element configured to direct light energy toward a focal region and a receiver held at the focal region, the receiver including a housing having a chamber that holds an energy conversion member, the energy conversion member transforming light energy received from the optical element into electrical and thermal energy. 2. The LEC system in accordance with claim 1 wherein the energy conversion member includes a photovoltaic (PV) cell for generating electrical energy. 3. The LEC system in accordance with claim 2 wherein the working fluid absorbs thermal energy generated around the PV cell. 4. The LEC system in accordance with claim 1 wherein the first LC module is a first type of LC module and the second LC module is a second type of LC module, the second LC module containing an energy conversion member that converts the light energy into only thermal energy. 5. The LEC system in accordance with claim 1 wherein the first LC module is a first type of LC module and the second LC module is a second type of LC module, the first LC module comprising a plurality of first LC modules coupled in series along the fluid circuit. 6. The LEC system in accordance with claim 1 wherein the first LC module is a first type of LC module and the second LC module is a second type of LC module, the second LC module comprising a plurality of second LC modules coupled in series along the fluid circuit. 7. The LEC system in accordance with claim 1 wherein the LC modules are coupled to a mounting structure for aligning the LC modules with a light source. 8. The LEC system in accordance with claim 1 wherein at least one of the first LC module and the second LC module is removably coupled to the fluid circuit. 9. The LEC system in accordance with claim 1 wherein the working fluid flows entirely through the first LC module and then the second LC module. 10. The LEC system in accordance with claim 1 wherein an amount of thermal energy in the working fluid exiting the second LC module is greater than an amount of thermal energy in the working fluid exiting the first LC module. 11. A method of manufacturing a light energy conversion (LEC) system for generating electrical and thermal energy, the method comprising: coupling a first light concentrating (LC) module to a fluid circuit, the first LC module including a light concentrating optical element configured to direct light energy toward a focal region and a receiver held at the focal region, the receiver including a housing having a chamber that holds an energy conversion member, the energy conversion member transforming light energy received from the optical element into electrical and thermal energy and coupling a second LC module to the fluid circuit in series with the first LC module, the fluid circuit having a working fluid flowing therethrough such that the working fluid absorbs thermal energy while flowing through the first and second LC modules, wherein an amount of thermal energy in the working fluid increases as the working fluid flows through the second LC module. 12. The method in accordance with claim 11 wherein the first LC module is a first type of LC module and the second LC module is a second type of LC module, wherein coupling a first LC module comprises coupling a plurality of first LC modules to the fluid circuit. 13. The method in accordance with claim 11 wherein the energy conversion member includes a photovoltaic (PV) cell for generating electrical energy. 14. The method in accordance with claim 11 wherein the first LC module is a first type of LC module and the second LC module is a second type of LC module, wherein coupling a second LC module comprises coupling a plurality of second LC modules to the fluid circuit. 15. The method in accordance with claim 11 wherein the first LC module is a first type of LC module and the second LC module is a second type of LC module, wherein the second LC module contains an energy conversion member that converts the light energy into only thermal energy. 16. The method in accordance with claim 11 wherein coupling the first and second LC modules includes coupling the first and second LC modules to a mounting structure configured to align the LC modules with a light source. 17. The method in accordance with claim 11 wherein the working fluid flows entirely through the first LC module and then the second LC module. 18. The method in accordance with claim 11 wherein an amount of thermal energy in the working fluid exiting the second LC module is greater than an amount of thermal energy in the working fluid exiting the first LC module. 19. A light energy conversion (LEC) system for generating electrical and thermal energy the system comprising: a fluid circuit including a working fluid flowing therethrough; a plurality of first LC modules and a plurality of second LC modules coupled along the fluid circuit such that the working fluid absorbs thermal energy while flowing through the first and second LC modules, the first LC modules being associated with a first operating temperature and the second LC modules being associated with a second operating temperature and an electrical circuit for conveying an electrical current therethrough, wherein the first LC modules are electrically coupled in a first series to each other along the electrical circuit and the second LC modules are electrically coupled in a second series to each other along the electrical circuit. 20. The LEC system in accordance with claim 19 wherein the first series of LC modules is electrically coupled in series or in parallel to the second series of LC modules. 21. The LEC system in accordance with claim 19 wherein the first LC modules are configured to operate at a common operating current output with respect to each other and the second LC modules are configured to operate at a common operating current output with respect to each other. 22. The LEC system in accordance with claim 21 wherein the first LC modules and the second LC modules are of a common type of LC module. 23. The LEC system in accordance with claim 19 wherein at least one of the first and second LC modules includes at least one photovoltaic (PV) cell. 24. A method of manufacturing a light energy conversion (LEC) system for generating electrical and thermal energy the method comprising: providing a plurality of light concentrating (LC) modules configured to convert light energy into electrical energy and to transform the light energy into thermal energy each LC module including at least one photovoltaic (PV) cell having a predetermined nominal current output coupling the LC module to an electrical circuit and coupling the LC modules along a fluid circuit such that a working fluid flowing through the fluid circuit absorbs thermal energy in the LC modules, wherein the LC modules are positioned along the fluid circuit such that the LC modules containing PV cells having a higher nominal current output are positioned upstream from the LC modules containing PV cells having a lower nominal current output. 25. The method in accordance with claim 24 wherein the fluid circuit includes a plurality of separate fluid channels that join a main path, and wherein the step of coupling the LC modules along the fluid circuit comprises coupling the LC modules into an array on each fluid channel, the LC modules of each array being positioned along the fluid channel such that the LC modules containing PV cells having a higher nominal current output are positioned upstream from the LC modules containing PV cells having a lower nominal current output. 26. The method in accordance with claim 24 wherein coupling the LC modules along the fluid circuit includes positioning the LC modules along the fluid circuit such that the PV cells contained within the LC modules have a substantially common operating current output when the system is in operation. 27. The method in accordance with claim 24 further comprising coupling the LC modules to a mounting structure, the mounting structure configured to align the LC modules with a light source. 28. The method in accordance with claim 24 wherein coupling the LC modules to the electrical circuit includes coupling PV cells having substantially common operating current outputs in series with each other. 