In an energy wave solar reflector assembly (12) for an energy concentrator (10), the assembly has a support structure (21) with support arms (22) extending from a central zone (24), and an array of concentric annular reflective elements (28) spacedly arranged on the support arms or on elongate mounting strips fixed to each or selected supported arms. The reflective elements having a reflective surface shaped to reflect incident energy waves, and a holding arrangement having holding devices (40,74) arranged to hold the reflective elements in an orientation to direct the reflected energy waves thereof in a direction towards a focal zone (16) of the reflective elements.
Claims 1-25. (canceled) 26. A reflector assembly for an energy concentrator comprising a support structure having a plurality of support arms, and a reflective arrangement having an array of concentric annular reflective elements spacedly arranged on the support arms or on elongate mounting strips fixed to each or selected supported arms, each said reflective element having a reflective surface shaped to reflect incident energy waves, and a holding arrangement arranged to hold the reflective elements in an orientation to direct the reflected energy waves thereof in a direction towards a focal zone of the reflective arrangement, said holding arrangement having a set of holding devices for holding each reflective element on the support arms or mounting strips; each holding device having a first holding member fixed to a support arm or mounting strip and adapted to engage with a part of an adjacent reflective element, and a second holding member having an engagement face adapted to engage with another part of the adjacent reflective element and adjustably positionable relative to the first holding member so that when secured to said first holding member the engagement face thereof causes said adjacent reflective element to be at said orientation. 27. The assembly according to claim 26 wherein each said reflective element is formed with a curved surface configured to reflect the incident energy waves towards the focal zone. 28. The assembly according to claim 27 wherein each said reflective element is preformed with said curve surface. 29. The assembly according to claim 26 wherein the reflective elements are configured with dimensions that are incremental radially outwardly. 30. The assembly according to claim 26 wherein the reflective elements are configured in a ring or oval shape. 31. The assembly according to claim 26 wherein the reflective surface of each reflective element has a relatively shallow concave shape for reflecting incident energy waves towards the focal zone. 32. The assembly according to claim 26 wherein the reflective elements are fabricated from a metallic sheet material having a relatively high reflective index. 33. The assembly according to claim 32 wherein the reflective elements are cuttings from a sheeting of the metallic material. 34. The assembly according to claim 26 wherein the first holding member has a curved outer face and the second holding member has a compatible curved inner face arranged to engage with said outer face, and said inner and outer faces having compatible toothed profiles whereby parts of the toothed profiles can inter fit for limiting movement there between. 35. The assembly according to claim 26 wherein the first holding member has an aperture for receiving a fixing member and the second holding member has a slot through which the fixing member extends, the slot being configured to allow the second holding member to be adjustably positioned to engage the adjacent reflective element, and said fixing member is arranged to fix the engagement device to a corresponding support arm or mounting strip. 36. A reflector assembly for an energy concentrator comprising a support structure having a plurality of support arms, and a reflective arrangement having an array of concentric annular reflective elements spacedly arranged on the support arms or on elongate mounting strips fixed to each or selected supported arms, each said reflective element having a reflective surface shaped to reflect incident energy waves, and a holding arrangement arranged to hold the reflective elements in an orientation to direct the reflected energy waves thereof in a direction towards a focal zone of the reflective arrangement, each said reflective element being formed with a curved surface configured to reflect the incident energy waves towards the focal zone and each said holding device having a first end arranged for connection to each said support arm or mounting strip and a second end arranged to engage each reflective element to thereby hold the engaged reflective element in position. 37. The assembly according to claim 36 wherein each reflective element has an inner edge and an outer edge, and said second end is hook shaped and arranged to engaged said inner or outer edge of each reflective element. 38. The assembly according to claim 37 wherein each said mounting strip has spaced retention notches arranged to receive said inner or outer edges of the reflective elements. 39. The assembly according to claim 36 wherein each holding device has a lower edge for engagement with each reflective element and the lower edge is shaped to cooperate with said support arm or mounting strip to form said curved surface of the reflective elements. 40. The assembly according to claim 36 wherein each said support arm or mounting strip has a substantially saw tooth shaped upper edge with angled edge portions for mounting the reflective elements. 41. The assembly according to claim 36 wherein the support arms or the mounting strips are configured to shape said reflective elements to form said curved surface. 42. The assembly according to claim 41 wherein each said support arm or mounting strip has a top edge arranged with spaced curved edge portions and the curved edge portions of the mounting strips are arranged to align in respective circumferential paths for mounting and shaping said concentric reflective elements to form said curved surface. 43. The assembly according to claim 36 wherein the reflective elements are configured with dimensions that are incremental radially outwardly. 44. The assembly according to claim 36 wherein the reflective elements are configured in a ring or oval shape. 45. The assembly according to claim 36 wherein the reflective surface of each reflective element has a relatively shallow concave shape for reflecting incident energy waves towards the focal zone. 46. The assembly according to claim 36 wherein the reflective elements are fabricated from a metallic sheet material having a relatively high reflective index. 47. The assembly according to claim 46 wherein the reflective elements are cuttings from a sheeting of the metallic material. 48. The assembly according to claim 26 wherein the support structure further includes an orientation arrangement for mounting each said reflective element at said orientation, and said orientation arrangement includes paired mounting elements arranged to mount each reflective element at said orientation. 49. The assembly according to claim 48 wherein each said mounting strip has spaced vertical slots arranged to receive said mounting elements. 50. The assembly according to claim 48 wherein the paired mounting elements are in the form of paired circular rings associated with said support arms or said mounting strips, and dimensioned to mount each reflective element at said orientation. 51. A solar concentrator comprising the reflector assembly as claimed in claim 26 and an energy collector for receiving and converting the reflected light into another form of energy. 52. The concentrator according to claim 51 wherein the collector is arranged at said focal zone at which it receives the reflected light from the reflective elements; or below said focal zone and a secondary mirror arranged at said focal zone to redirect the reflected light towards the collector. 53. The concentrator according to claim 52 wherein the collector is located in a remote location and a conveying arrangement being provided to convey said reflected energy to the collector. 