A mobile utilities station includes a plurality of batteries charged by sheets of photovoltaic cells, all mounted in a trailer. The mobile utilities station provides various utilities, for example, electricity, water purification, HVAC, communications, etc. When available sunlight is insufficient to operate all of the devices in use, electricity is supplemented from the batteries. The batteries also power the devices at night. During periods of low usage, the photovoltaic cells recharge the batteries.
Claims 1. A mobile utilities station comprising: a frame supported by wheels; at least one battery mounted on the frame; and a solar cell for charging the battery, the solar cell mounted on the frame. 2. The mobile utilities station of claim 1 further including an HVAC system mounted on the frame and powered by the solar cell and the battery. 3. The mobile utilities station of claim 1 further including a water purification system mounted on the frame. 4. The mobile utilities station of claim 1 wherein the solar cell is a flexible sheet of photovoltaic cells wrapped around a spool mounted to the frame. 5. The mobile utilities station of claim 1 further including an engine powering a generator, the generator configured to recharge the batteries. 6. The mobile utilities station of claim 1 further including an inverter powered by the battery and supplying AC power to an outlet. 7. The mobile utilities station of claim 1 further including a wind turbine generating electricity to charge the battery. 8. A mobile utilities station comprising: a frame supported by wheels; at least one battery mounted on the frame; a solar cell for charging the battery, the solar cell mounted on the frame; an HVAC system mounted on the frame and powered by the solar cell and the battery; and an inverter powered by the battery and supplying AC power to an outlet. 9. The mobile utilities station of claim 8 further including a water purification system mounted on the frame. 10. The mobile utilities station of claim 9 wherein the solar cell is a flexible sheet of photovoltaic cells wrapped around a spool mounted to the frame. 11. The mobile utilities station of claim 9 further including an engine powering a generator, the generator configured to recharge the batteries. 12. The mobile utilities station of claim 11 further including a wind turbine generating electricity to charge the battery. 13. The mobile utilities station of claim 11 further including a power management unit controlling the engine and controlling power from the generator, power from the solar cell and power from the battery. 14. The mobile utilities station of claim 13 wherein the power management unit first uses power from the solar cell, then uses power from the battery based upon a determination that power from the solar cell is insufficient. 15. The mobile utilities station of claim 14 wherein the power management unit initiates the engine based upon a determination that sufficient power cannot be drawn from the solar cell and the battery. 