A system and method for monitoring a lifting device is disclosed. The method receives location information from a position determiner module coupled with a point of interest associated with the lifting device and determines an autonomous position of the point of interest based on the location information. The method further includes monitoring the lifting device based on the autonomous position of the point of interest.
Claims 1. A method for monitoring a lifting device comprising: receiving location information from a position determiner module coupled to a first point of interest associated with said lifting device; determining an autonomous position of said first point of interest based on said location information; and monitoring said lifting device based on said autonomous position of said first point of interest. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein said position determiner is substantially compatible with a GNSS (Global Navigation Satellite System). 3. The method of claim 1 wherein said autonomous position comprises location information in at least three dimensions. 4. The method of claim 1 wherein said position determiner is pivotally coupled to said first point of interest. 5. The method as described in claim 1 further comprising: providing power to said position determiner from a power source coupled to said lifting device. 6. The method of claim 5 wherein said power source comprises a solar power generation module. 7. The method of claim 5 wherein said power source generates said power from motion associated with said lifting device. 8. The method of claim 1 wherein said autonomous position is precise to less than ten centimeters of error. 9. The method of claim 1 wherein said position determiner does not comprise moving parts. 10. The method of claim 1 wherein said autonomous position of said first point of interest is not extrapolated from a position of another component of said lifting device. 11. The method of claim 1 wherein said location information is received wirelessly. 12. The method of claim 1 wherein said position determiner module comprises an inertia monitor module. 13. The method of claim 1 further comprising: determining an autonomous position of a second point of interest based on said autonomous position of said first point of interest. 14. The method of claim 13 wherein said autonomous position of said second point of interest is determined by measuring a distance between said first point of interest and said second point of interest. 15. The method of claim 14 wherein said distance between said first point of interest and said second point of interest is measured optically. 16. The method of claim 14 wherein said distance between said first point of interest and said second point of interest is measured sonically. 17. The method as described in claim 1 wherein said lifting device is a crane. 18. The method as described in claim 1 further comprising: receiving an image from an image capturing module coupled to said point of interest. 19. A system for monitoring a lifting device comprising: a location receiver module for receiving location information from a position determiner module coupled to a first point of interest on said lifting device, said location information indicating an autonomous position of said first point of interest; and a lifting device monitoring module for monitoring said lifting device based on said autonomous position of said first point of interest. 20. The system of claim 19 wherein said position determiner is substantially compatible with a GNSS (Global Navigation Satellite System). 21. The system of claim 19 wherein said autonomous position comprises location information in at least three dimensions. 22. The system of claim 19 wherein said position determiner is pivotally coupled to said first point of interest. 23. The system as described in claim 19 further comprising: a power source electrically coupled to said position determiner and physically coupled to said lifting device. 24. The system of claim 23 wherein said power source comprises a solar power generation module. 25. The system of claim 23 wherein said power source generates said power from motion associated with said lifting device. 26. The system of claim 19 wherein said autonomous position is precise to less than ten centimeters of error. 27. The system of claim 19 wherein said position determiner does not comprise moving parts. 28. The system of claim 19 wherein said autonomous position of said first point of interest is not extrapolated from a position of another component of said lifting device. 29. The system of claim 19 wherein said location information is received by said location receiver module wirelessly from said position determiner. 30. The system of claim 19 wherein said position determiner module comprises an inertia monitor module. 31. The system of claim 19 further comprising: a distance determiner for determining an autonomous position of a second point of interest based on said autonomous position of said first point of interest. 32. The system of claim 31 wherein said autonomous position of said second point of interest is determined by measuring a distance between said first point of interest and said second point of interest. 33. The system of claim 32 wherein said distance between said first point of interest and said second point of interest is measured optically. 34. The system of claim 32 wherein said distance between said first point of interest and said second point of interest is measured sonically. 35. The system of claim 19 wherein said lifting device is a crane. 36. The system of claim 1 further comprising: an image receiver for receiving an image from an image capturing module coupled to said point of interest. 37. A system for monitoring a lifting device comprising: a position determiner module for coupling to a first point of interest on said lifting device, said position determiner for providing location information indicating an autonomous position of said first point of interest; and a power source electrically coupled to said position determiner module for providing power to said position determiner module. 38. The system of claim 37 wherein said position determiner module is substantially compatible with a GNSS (Global Navigation Satellite System). 39. The system of claim 37 wherein said autonomous position comprises location information in at least three dimensions. 40. The system of claim 37 wherein said position determiner is pivotally coupled to said first point of interest. 41. The system as described in claim 37 wherein said power source is physically coupled to said lifting device. 42. The system of claim 37 wherein said power source comprises a solar power generation module. 43. The system of claim 37 wherein said power source generates said power from motion associated with said lifting device. 44. The system of claim 37 wherein said autonomous position is precise to less than ten centimeters of error. 45. The system of claim 37 wherein said position determiner does not comprise moving parts. 46. The system of claim 37 wherein said autonomous position of said first point of interest is not extrapolated from a position of another component of said lifting device. 47. The system of claim 37 wherein said location information is provided wirelessly from said position determiner. 48. The system of claim 37 wherein said position determiner module comprises an inertia monitor module. 49. The system of claim 37 further comprising: a distance determiner coupled with said position determiner for determining an autonomous position of a second point of interest based on said autonomous position of said first point of interest. 50. The system of claim 49 wherein said autonomous position of said second point of interest is determined by measuring a distance between said first point of interest and said second point of interest. 51. The system of claim 50 wherein said distance between said first point of interest and said second point of interest is measured optically by said distance determiner. 52. The system of claim 50 wherein said distance between said first point of interest and said second point of interest is measured sonically by said distance determiner. 53. The system of claim 37 wherein said lifting device is a crane. 54. The system of claim 37 further comprising: an image capturing module coupled to said lifting device for capturing an image of said point of interest. 55. A method for improving utilization of a lifting device comprising: determining at least one preferred movement of a first point of interest of said lifting device for moving an object from a first point to a second point; receiving location information from a position determiner module coupled to said first point of interest; determining an autonomous position of said first point of interest based on said location information; and monitoring said autonomous position of said first point of interest with respect to said preferred movement. 56. The method of claim 55 further comprising: determining a difference between said autonomous position of said first point of interest and said preferred movement. 57. The method of claim 56 further comprising: providing control information to said lifting device such that said control information indicates a relationship between said preferred movement and said autonomous position of said first point of interest. 58. The method of claim 55 wherein said preferred movement minimizes the time it takes to move said object from said first point to said second point. 59. The method of claim 55 wherein said preferred movement prevents said first point of interest from entering a pre-defined space. 60. The method of claim 55 wherein said position determiner is substantially compatible with a GNSS (Global Navigation Satellite System). 61. The method of claim 55 wherein said autonomous position comprises location information in at least three dimensions. 62. The method of claim 55 wherein said position determiner is pivotally coupled to said first point of interest. 63. The method as described in claim 55 further comprising: providing power to said position determiner from a power source coupled to said lifting device. 64. The method of claim 63 wherein said power source comprises a solar power generation module. 65. The method of claim 63 wherein said power source generates said power from motion associated with said lifting device. 66. The method of claim 55 wherein said autonomous position is precise to less than ten centimeters of error. 67. The method of claim 55 wherein said position determiner does not comprise moving parts. 68. The method of claim 55 wherein said autonomous position of said first point of interest is not extrapolated from a position of another component of said lifting device. 69. The method of claim 55 wherein said location information is received wirelessly. 70. The method of claim 55 wherein said position determiner module comprises an inertia monitor module. 71. The method of claim 55 further comprising: determining an autonomous position of a second point of interest based on said autonomous position of said first point of interest. 72. The method of claim 71 wherein said autonomous position of said second point of interest is determined by measuring a distance between said first point of interest and said second point of interest. 73. The method of claim 72 wherein said distance between said first point of interest and said second point of interest is measured optically. 74. The method of claim 72 wherein said distance between said first point of interest and said second point of interest is measured sonically. 75. The method of claim 55 wherein said lifting device is a crane. 76. The method of claim 55 further comprising: receiving an image from an image capturing module coupled to said point of interest. 77. The method of claim 55 wherein said preferred movement is a path between said first point and said second point. 78. A method for preventing lifting device collisions comprising: receiving location information from a position determiner module coupled to a first point of interest associated with said lifting device; determining an autonomous position of said first point of interest based on said location information; monitoring said lifting device based on said autonomous position of said first point of interest; and comparing said autonomous position of said first point of interest to location information associated with an object proximate said lifting device to prevent said lifting device from colliding with said object. 79. The method claim 78 further comprising: generating a warning in response to said autonomous position of said first point of interest is within a threshold distance of said object proximate said lifting device. 80. The method of claim 78 wherein said location information associated with an object proximate said lifting device includes a threshold safety distance. 81. The method of claim 78 wherein said position determiner is substantially compatible with a GNSS (Global Navigation Satellite System). 82. The method of claim 78 wherein said autonomous position comprises location information in at least three dimensions. 83. The method of claim 78 wherein said position determiner is pivotally coupled to said first point of interest. 84. The method as described in claim 78 further comprising: providing power to said position determiner from a power source coupled to said lifting device. 85. The method of claim 84 wherein said power source comprises a solar power generation module. 86. The method of claim 84 wherein said power source generates said power from motion associated with said lifting device. 87. The method of claim 78 wherein said autonomous position is precise to less than ten centimeters of error. 88. The method of claim 78 wherein said position determiner does not comprise moving parts. 89. The method of claim 78 wherein said autonomous position of said first point of interest is not extrapolated from a position of another component of said lifting device. 90. The method of claim 78 wherein said location information is received wirelessly. 91. The method of claim 78 wherein said position determiner module comprises an inertia monitor module. 92. The method of claim 78 further comprising: determining an autonomous position of a second point of interest based on said autonomous position of said first point of interest. 93. The method of claim 92 wherein said autonomous position of said second point of interest is determined by measuring a distance between said first point of interest and said second point of interest. 94. The method of claim 93 wherein said distance between said first point of interest and said second point of interest is measured optically. 95. The method of claim 93 wherein said distance between said first point of interest and said second point of interest is measured sonically. 96. The method as described in claim 78 wherein said lifting device is a crane. 97. The method as described in claim 78 further comprising: receiving an image from an image capturing module coupled to said point of interest. 