A condition monitoring system for use in monitoring a generator. The condition monitoring system includes a sensor including an ion chamber located inside the generator for sensing particulates inside the generator. The sensor provides an electrical sensor output to an output converter that is also located inside the generator. The output converter converts the electrical sensor output to a light signal output which is transmitted out of the generator. An energy conversion device is located within the generator for receiving light energy from a light source outside of the generator and converting the light energy to electrical energy for powering the sensor and the output converter.
Claims 1. A condition monitoring system for use inside a structure, said condition monitoring system comprising: a sensor located inside said structure for sensing particulates inside said structure; a signal processing system outside of said structure for receiving signals corresponding to an output of said sensor; and an energy conversion device located within said structure for receiving a first form of energy provided from an energy source outside of said structure and converting said first form of energy to electrical energy for powering said sensor. 2. The condition monitoring system of claim 1, wherein said first form of energy comprises light energy. 3. The condition monitoring system of claim 2, wherein said energy conversion device comprises a photovoltaic cell. 4. The condition monitoring system of claim 2, wherein said light energy is conveyed through an optical fiber conduit extending from a light source located outside of said structure to a location adjacent said energy conversion device. 5. The condition monitoring system of claim 4, including one or more lenses located between said light source and said optical fiber conduit and/or between said energy conversion device and said optical fiber conduit. 6. The condition monitoring system of claim 4, wherein said optical fiber conduit comprises a photonic-crystal fiber. 7. The condition monitoring system of claim 1, including an output converter located inside said structure for converting an electrical output from said sensor to a light signal output. 8. The condition monitoring system of claim 7, including an optical fiber conduit for conveying said light signal output from said output converter to said signal processing system. 9. The condition monitoring system of claim 7, wherein said energy conversion device provides power to said output converter. 10. The condition monitoring system of claim 7, wherein said output converter includes an LED or laser diode output and said light signal output comprises a digital signal. 11. A condition monitoring system in combination with a generator, said condition monitoring system comprising: a sensor including an ion chamber for sensing particulates inside said generator, said sensor providing an electrical sensor output; an output converter located inside said generator for converting said electrical sensor output to a light signal output; and an energy conversion device located within said generator for receiving light energy from a light source outside of said generator and converting said light energy to electrical energy for powering said sensor and said output converter. 12. The condition monitoring system of claim 11, including a signal processing system located outside of said generator for receiving and converting said light signal output to an electrical signal. 13. The condition monitoring system of claim 11, wherein said energy conversion device comprises a photovoltaic cell. 14. The condition monitoring system of claim 13, wherein said light energy is conveyed from said light source through an optical fiber conduit to a location adjacent said photovoltaic cell. 15. A method of monitoring particulates in a gas, the method comprising: providing a sensor within a structure for sensing particulates in a gas within said structure; conveying light energy from a light source outside of said structure into said structure; converting said light energy into electrical energy inside said structure for powering said sensor; and conveying signals corresponding to an output of said sensor to a signal processing unit located outside of said structure. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein said output of said sensor comprises an electrical output, and said electrical output is converted to a light signal output inside said structure. 17. The method of claim 16, including the step of converting said light signal output to an electrical signal at said signal processing unit. 18. The method of claim 16, wherein said electrical output of said sensor varies in relation to the concentration of said particulates present in said gas, and said light signal output comprises a digital signal corresponding to said electrical output of said sensor. 19. The method of claim 15, wherein said sensor comprises an ion chamber and said electrical energy forms a voltage potential within said ion chamber. 20. The method of claim 16, wherein said light energy is conveyed into said structure and said light signal output is conveyed out of said structure via optical fiber conduits. 