Methods for manufacturing three-dimensional thin-film solar cells 100, using a template. The template comprises a template substrate comprising a plurality of posts and a plurality of trenches between said plurality of posts. The three-dimensional thin-film solar cell substrate is formed by forming a sacrificial layer on the template, subsequently depositing a semiconductor layer, selectively etching the sacrificial layer, and releasing the semiconductor layer from the template. The resulting three-dimensional thin-film solar cell substrate may comprise a plurality of single-aperture unit cells or dual-aperture unit cells. Select portions of the three-dimensional thin-film solar cell substrate are then doped with a first dopant, while other select portions are doped with a second dopant. Next, emitter 525 and base metallization regions 532 are formed.
Claims 1. A method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell, comprising: forming a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell substrate by the steps of: forming a sacrificial layer on a template, said template comprising a template substrate, said template substrate comprising a plurality of posts and a plurality of trenches between said plurality of posts; subsequently depositing a semiconductor layer; selectively etching said sacrificial layer; and releasing said semiconductor layer from said template; doping select portions of said three-dimensional thin-film solar cell substrate with a first dopant; doping select portions of said three-dimensional thin-film solar cell substrate with a second dopant; and forming emitter metallization regions and base metallization regions. 2. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell of claim 1, wherein said step of doping select portions of said three-dimensional thin-film solar cell substrate with a first dopant comprises doping select portions of the top of said three-dimensional thin-film solar cell substrate with a first dopant. 3. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell of claim 1, wherein said step of doping select portions of said three-dimensional thin-film solar cell substrate with a second dopant comprises doping select portions of the bottom of said three-dimensional thin-film solar cell substrate with a second dopant. 4. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell of claim 1, further comprising forming emitter junction regions and base diffusion regions. 5. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell of claim 4, wherein said step of forming emitter junction regions and base diffusion regions comprises forming selective emitter junction regions and selective base diffusion regions. 6. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell of claim 4, wherein said step of forming emitter junction regions and base diffusion regions comprises forming self-aligned emitter junction regions and self-aligned base diffusion regions. 7. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell of claim 6, wherein said step of forming self-aligned emitter junction regions and self-aligned base diffusion regions comprises forming self-aligned emitter junction regions and self-aligned base diffusion regions using self-aligned processing. 8. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell of claim 1, wherein said step of forming a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell substrate comprises forming a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell substrate with a plurality of single-aperture unit cells. 9. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell of claim 1, wherein said step of forming a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell substrate comprises forming a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell substrate with a plurality of dual-aperture unit cells. 10. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell of claim 1, wherein said sacrificial layer comprises a porous semiconductor layer. 11. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell of claim 1, wherein said sacrificial layer comprises a porous silicon layer. 12. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell of claim 1, wherein said sacrificial layer comprises a Ge.sub.xSi.sub.1-x layer. 13. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell of claim 1, wherein said semiconductor layer comprises a silicon layer. 14. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell of claim 13, wherein said silicon layer comprises a crystalline silicon layer. 15. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell of claim 1, wherein said step of doping select portions of said three-dimensional thin-film solar cell substrate with a first dopant comprises selectively coating the top of said three-dimensional thin-film solar cell substrate with a first dopant, curing said first dopant to form a first cured dopant, and performing a thermal anneal process. 16. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell of claim 15, further comprising selectively removing said first cured dopant. 17. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell of claim 1, wherein said step of doping select portions of said three-dimensional thin-film solar cell substrate with a second dopant comprises selectively coating the bottom of said three-dimensional thin-film solar cell substrate with a second dopant, curing said second dopant to form a second cured dopant, and performing a thermal anneal process. 18. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell of claim 17, further comprising selectively removing said second cured dopant. 19. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell of claim 1, wherein said first dopant comprises an n-type dopant and said second dopant comprises a p-type dopant. 20. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell of claim 19, wherein said n-type dopant comprises phosphorus and said p-type dopant comprises boron. 21. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell of claim 1, wherein said first dopant comprises a p-type dopant and said second dopant comprises an n-type dopant. 22. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell of claim 21, wherein said n-type dopant comprises phosphorus and said p-type dopant comprises boron. 23. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell of claim 1, wherein said step of forming emitter metallization regions and base metallization regions comprises forming self-aligned emitter metallization regions and self-aligned base metallization regions. 24. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell of claim 23, wherein said step of forming self-aligned emitter metallization regions and self-aligned base metallization regions comprises forming self-aligned emitter metallization regions and self-aligned base metallization regions using self-aligned processing. 25. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell of claim 1, wherein said step of forming emitter metallization regions and base metallization regions comprises forming emitter metallization regions and base metallization regions using fire-through processing. 26. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell of claim 1, wherein said step of forming emitter metallization regions and base metallization regions comprises forming emitter metallization regions and base metallization regions using plating. 27. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell of claim 1, further comprising mounting the three-dimensional thin-film solar cell on a rear mirror. 28. A method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell, comprising: forming a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell substrate by the steps of: forming a sacrificial layer on a template; subsequently depositing a semiconductor layer; and releasing said semiconductor layer from said template; doping select portions of said three-dimensional thin-film solar cell substrate with dopants; and forming metallization regions. 