The invention relates to a solar power system comprising a plurality of mounting supports (50), a plurality of photovoltaic modules (1) mounted on the mounting supports (50), a plurality of holding elements (60, 100) for holding the photovoltaic modules (1) on the mounting supports (50) and a plurality of electric connecting elements (60) for electrically interconnecting the photovoltaic modules, and wherein the electric connecting elements (60) comprise two electrically contacting connecting plugs (40-43, 70-74) which can be plugged together and which are designed such that they are plugged together with the mounting movement of the respective photovoltaic module when mounting it on a mounting support (50). According to the invention the photovoltaic modules (1) are each bordered at the edge at least in sections by a holding frame (10) made of a plastic, wherein mechanical connecting means (30) and at least one connecting plug (40-43, 70-74) are integrated in the holding frame (10) and wherein the mechanical connecting means (30) each interact with an associated holding element (60, 100) in a positive fitting manner.
Claims 1. A solar power system comprising a plurality of mounting supports, a plurality of photovoltaic modules mounted on the mounting supports a plurality of holding elements for holding the photovoltaic modules on the mounting supports and a plurality of electric connecting elements for electrically interconnecting the photovoltaic modules, wherein: said electric connecting elements comprise two electrically contacting connecting plugs which can be plugged together; the photovoltaic modules are each bordered at the edge at least in sections by a holding frame, wherein mechanical connecting means are integrated in the holding frame; and the holding elements are mounted onto the mounting supports; wherein the holding frame is made of a plastic and at least one connecting plug is integrated in the holding frame, and wherein the mechanical connecting means are latched or interlocked to the holding elements in a detachable manner such that the connecting plugs are plugged together while the mechanical connecting means are latched or interlocked to the holding elements in order to electrically interconnect adjacent photovoltaic modules. 2. The solar power system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the holding elements are guided slidably in longitudinal direction and are secured by means of securing elements. 3. The solar power system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the mechanical connecting means are latched or interlocked to the holding elements in such a manner that the connecting plugs are plugged together with a predetermined minimum force. 4. The solar power system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic modules can be placed or plugged from above perpendicularly onto the holding elements arranged on the mounting supports and onto the electric connecting elements so that the connecting plugs are plugged together and the holding elements and the electric connecting elements are covered fully or with the exception of a narrow gap by the photovoltaic modules held by the holding elements in each case between two adjacent photovoltaic modules. 5. The solar power system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the holding elements comprise a latching or interlocking mechanism for the detachable latching or interlocking of the mechanical connecting means to the holding elements. 6. The solar power system as claimed in claim 5, wherein an actuating element for actuating the latching or interlocking mechanism protrudes over an edge of the holding frame so that the latching or interlocking mechanism can be actuated by a tool via the gap in each case between two adjacent photovoltaic modules in order optionally to latch or interlock or to release the associated mechanical connecting means. 7. The solar power system as claimed in claim 5, said latching or interlocking mechanism comprising at least one claw being rotationally supported on the holding element, which has an eccentric, circumferential recess for accommodating the associated mechanical connecting means and latches or interlocks it in a holding position on rotation. 8. The solar power system as claimed in claim 7, said holding elements further comprising at least one recess for accommodating the associated mechanical connecting means so that it is latched or interlocked in a predetermined position on the respective holding element. 9. The solar power system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the mechanical connecting means protrude preferably perpendicularly from an underside or from one or two side faces of the holding frame. 10. The solar power system as claimed in claim 9, wherein the mechanical connecting means are each disposed within a recess formed in the holding frame, in which the respective associated latching or interlocking mechanism is accommodated, with side walls of the holding elements forming a receptacle formed in correspondence to the holding frame portion to be accommodated. 11. The solar power system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the mounting supports are formed as endless profiles with at least one recess extending in the longitudinal direction or at least one projection extending in the longitudinal direction, into which a correspondingly formed positive fitting structure of the holding elements and/or electric connecting elements engage in a positive fitting manner in such a manner that they are displaceably guided on the mounting supports in the longitudinal direction and mounted in a direction perpendicularly thereto with a vanishing or predetermined clearance. 12-13. (canceled) 14. The solar power system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the holding elements and the electric connecting elements are embodied as separate elements, which can be arranged in a predetermined position relative to each other corresponding to the position of the mechanical connecting means and the connecting plugs on the holding frame on the mounting supports. 15. The solar power system as claimed in claim 14, wherein at least one bypass diode is provided in the electric connecting means, said diode being operated in the reverse direction when the associated photovoltaic module is illuminated. 16. The solar power system as claimed in claim 1 wherein the holding elements and the electric connecting elements are embodied in one piece as connecting elements provided with electric connecting plugs in order to hold the photovoltaic modules on the mounting supports and interconnect them electrically. 17. The solar power system as claimed in claim 16, wherein at least one bypass diode is provided in the electric connecting means, said diode being operated in the reverse direction when the associated photovoltaic module is illuminated. 18-31. (canceled) 32. The solar power system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the holding frame is formed flattened in regions without mechanical alignment and/or connecting means and electric connecting means or is provided with a recess extending in the circumferential direction, wherein the recess penetrates through the material of the holding frame in outward direction in order to form an opening for the rear ventilation of the at least one solar cell. 33. The solar power system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the mechanical connecting means and/or the or the connecting plug or plugs on opposing longitudinal sides of the rectangular or square-shaped photovoltaic module are provided at identical positions in such a way that the photovoltaic modules can be optionally mounted in different rotational positions on the mounting supports in order to enable a suitable electric interconnection of the photovoltaic modules in correspondence to their respective rotational position. 34. The solar power system as claimed in claim 33, wherein the mechanical connecting means and/or the connecting plug or plugs are provided on opposing longitudinal sides of the rectangular or square-shaped photovoltaic module at identical positions in such a way that, in a first rotational position, an electric connection to a horizontal adjacent photovoltaic module can be established and, in a second, different rotational position, which is preferably rotated 180.degree. relative to the first rotational position, an electric connection to a vertically adjacent photovoltaic module can be established. 35. The solar power system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the holding frame is flush with a transparent cover plate forming a front side of the photovoltaic module. 36. The solar power system as claimed in claim 1, wherein further at least one bypass diode is cast or injection-moulded in the holding frame, said diode being operated in the reverse direction when the associated photovoltaic module is illuminated. 37. The solar power system as claimed in claim 1, further comprising an inverter module with an external appearance identical or adapted to that of the photovoltaic modules and mounted in an identical way on the mounting support or supports. 38. The solar power system as claimed in claim 37, wherein inverter module comprises a cover plate which is colour-matched to the transparent cover plate with the underlying solar cell arrangement of a photovoltaic module provided with a rear film, with an inverter being held on a rear side of the cover plate and a holding frame made of a preferably elastomeric plastic bordering the cover plate at the edge at least in sections and holding the cover plate. 39. The solar power system as claimed in claim 38, wherein a gap is formed between the transparent cover plate of the inverter module and an inverter in order to enable the waste heat from the inverter to be removed by air convection. 40. The solar power system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the holding elements comprise elastic compensation means in order to reduce the introduction of stresses into the photovoltaic modules. 41. The solar power system as claimed in claim 5, wherein the latching or interlocking mechanism is further configured to prestress the photovoltaic module or the associated mechanical connecting means in a holding position against the holding element or the mounting supports. 