The claimed subject matter provides a system and/or a method that facilitates providing an immerse view having at least one portion related to aerial view data and a disparate portion related to a first-person ground-level view. A receiver component can receive at least one of geographic data and an input. An interface component can generate an immersed view based on at least one of the geographic data and the input, the immersed view includes a first portion of aerial data and a second portion of a first-person perspective view corresponding to a location related to the aerial data.
Claims 1. A system that facilitates providing geographic data, comprising: a receiver component that receives at least one of geographic data and an input; and an interface component that generates an immersed view based on at least one of the geographic data and the input, the immersed view includes a first portion of aerial data and a second portion of at least one of a first-person perspective view and a third-person perspective view corresponding to a location related to the aerial data. 2. The system of claim 1, the geographic data is at least one of 2-dimensional geographic data, 3-dimensional geographic data, aerial data, street-side imagery, a first-person perspective imagery data, a third-person perspective imagery data, video associated with geography, video data, ground-level imagery, planetary data, planetary ground-level imagery, satellite data, digital data, images related to a geographic location, orthographic map data, scenery data, map data, street map data, hybrid data related to geography data, road data, aerial imagery, and data related to at least one of a map, geography, and outer space. 3. The system of claim 1, the input is at least one of a starting address, a starting point, a location, an address, a zip code, a state, a country, a county, a landmark, a building, an intersection, a business, a longitude, a latitude, a global positioning (GPS) coordinate, a user input, a mouse click, an input device signal, a touch-screen input, a keyboard input, a location related to land, a location related to water, a location related to underwater, a location related to outer space, a location related to a solar system, and a location related to an airspace. 4. The system of claim 1, the first portion further comprising an orientation icon that can indicate the location and direction related to the aerial data. 5. The system of claim 4, the orientation icon is at least one of an automobile, a bicycle, a person, a graphic, an arrow, an all-terrain vehicle, a motorcycle, a van, a truck, a boat, a ship, a submarine, a space ship, a bus, a plane, a jet, a unicycle, a skateboard, a scooter, a self-balancing human transporter, and an icon that provides a direction associated with the aerial data. 6. The system of claim 4, the second portion of the at least one of the first-person perspective view and the third-person perspective view includes at least one of the following: a first section illustrating at least one of a first-person perspective view and a third-person perspective view based on a center direction indicated by the orientation icon on the aerial data; a second section illustrating at least one of a first-person perspective view and a third-person perspective view based on a left direction indicated by the orientation icon on the aerial data; and a third section illustrating at least one of a first-person perspective view and a third-person perspective view based on a right direction indicated by the orientation icon on the aerial data. 7. The system of claim 6, further comprising a skin that provides an interior appearance wrapped around at least one of the first section, the second section, and the third section of the second portion, the skin corresponds to at least an interior aspect of the representative orientation icon. 8. The system of claim 7, the skin is at least one of the following: an automobile interior skin; a sports car interior skin; a motorcycle first-person perspective skin; a person-perspective skin; a bicycle first-person perspective skin; a van interior skin; a truck interior skin; a boat interior skin; a submarine interior skin; a space ship interior skin; a bus interior skin; a plane interior skin; a jet interior skin; a unicycle first-person perspective skin; a skateboard first-person perspective skin; a scooter first-person perspective skin; and a self-balancing human transporter first perspective skin. 9. The system of claim 1, the interface component allows at least one of a display of the immersed view and an interaction with the immersed view. 10. The system of claim 1, further comprising an application programmable interface (API) that can format the immersed view for implementation on an entity. 11. The system of claim 10, the entity is at least one of a device, a PC, a pocket PC, a tablet PC, a website, the Internet, a mobile communications device, a smartphone, a portable digital assistant (PDA), a hard disk, an email, a document, a component, a portion of software, an application, a server, a network, a TV, a monitor, a laptop, and a device capable of interacting with data. 12. The system of claim 1, at least one of the orientation icon and the at least one of the first-person perspective view and the third-person perspective view is based upon at least one of the following paradigms: a car paradigm; a vehicle paradigm; a transporting device paradigm; a ground-level paradigm; a sea-level; a planet-level paradigm; an ocean floor-level paradigm; a designated height in the air paradigm; a designated height off the ground paradigm; and a particular coordinate paradigm. 13. The system of claim 1, the first portion and the second portion of the immersed view are dynamically updated in real-time based upon the location of an orientation icon overlaying the aerial data giving a video-like experience. 14. The system of claim 1, the second portion of the at least one of first-person perspective view and third-person perspective view includes a plurality of sections illustrating a respective first-person view based on a particular direction indicated by an orientation icon within the aerial data. 15. The system of claim 1, further comprising a snapping ability that allows one of the following: an orientation icon to maintain a pre-established course in a dimension of space; an orientation icon to maintain a pre-established course upon the aerial data during a movement of the orientation icon; and an orientation icon to maintain a pre-established view associated with a location on the map to ensure optimal view of such location during a movement of the orientation icon. 16. The system of claim 1, further comprising an indication within the immersed view that first-person perspective view imagery is unavailable by employing at least one of the following: an orientation icon that becomes semi-transparent to indicate imagery is unavailable; and an orientation icon that includes headlights, the headlights turn off to indicate imagery is unavailable. 17. The system of claim 1, the immersed view further comprising a direct gesture that allows a selection and a dragging movement of the orientation icon on the aerial data such that the second portion illustrates a view that mirrors the direction of the dragging movement to enhance location targeting. 18. A computer-implemented method that facilitates providing geographic data, comprising: receiving at least one of geographic data and an input; generating an immersed view with a first portion of map data and a second portion with at least one of first-person perspective data and third-person perspective data; and utilizing an orientation icon to identify a location on the aerial data to allow the second portion to display at least one of a first-person perspective data and a third-person data that corresponds to such location. 19. The method of claim 18, further comprising: utilizing a snapping feature to maintain a course of navigation associated with the aerial data; and employing at least one skin with the second portion, the skin correlates to the orientation icon to simulate at least one of an interior perspective in context of the orientation icon. 20. A computer-implemented system that facilitates providing an immersed view to display geographic data, comprising: means for receiving at least one of geographic data and an input; means for generating an immersed view based on at least one of the geographic data and the input; and means for including a first portion of aerial data and a second portion of a first-person perspective view corresponding to a location related to the aerial data within the immersed view. 