A solar panel system is disclosed, wherein energy is captured by the solar panel system and stored for re-use in an energy storage device. The solar panel system facilitates a preservation of aesthetics while a complexity of installation, cost of the solar panel system, and cost of installation are minimized.
Claims 1. An energy collection system comprising: a main body having a first surface and a second surface; a photovoltaic cell disposed in the main body for capturing light energy, the main body cooperating with the photovoltaic cell to maximize an aesthetic appeal of the energy collection system; and an adhesive material disposed on the second surface of the main body. 2. The system according to claim 1, wherein the first surface of the main body includes a plurality of apertures formed therein to permit light energy to be received by the photovoltaic cell. 3. The system according to claim 1, wherein the first surface of the main body includes at least one window to permit light energy to be received by the photovoltaic cell. 4. The system according to claim 3, wherein the at least one window is formed from at least one of a transparent material, a semi-transparent material, and a translucent material. 5. The system according to claim 3, wherein the at least one window has a rectangular shape. 6. The system according to claim 3, wherein the at least one window has a circular shape. 7. The system according to claim 3, wherein the at least one window has an irregular shape. 8. The system according to claim 1, wherein the adhesive material is a double sided tape. 9. An energy collection system comprising: a main body having a first surface and a second surface; a photovoltaic cell disposed in the main body for capturing light energy, the first surface of the main body having at least one window formed therein to minimize a view of the photovoltaic cell and maximize an aesthetic appeal of the energy collection system; and an adhesive material disposed on the second surface of the main body. 10. The system according to claim 9, wherein the at least one window includes an aperture formed therein. 11. The system according to claim 9, wherein the at least one window is formed from at least one of a transparent material, a semi-transparent material, and a translucent material. 12. The system according to claim 9, wherein the at least one window has a rectangular shape. 13. The system according to claim 9, wherein the at least one window has a circular shape 14. The system according to claim 9, wherein the at least one window has an irregular shape. 15. The system according to claim 9, wherein the adhesive material is a double sided tape. 16. The system according to claim 9, wherein the main body is substantially blended in visual appearance in respect of a mounting structure. 17. An energy collection system comprising: a main body formed from a decorative material substantially blended in visual appearance in respect of a mounting structure, the main body having a first surface and a second surface; a photovoltaic cell disposed in the main body for capturing light energy, the first surface of the main body having at least one window formed therein to minimize a view of the photovoltaic cell to maximize an aesthetic appeal thereof; and an adhesive material disposed on the second surface of the main body. 18. The system according to claim 17, wherein the at least one window includes an aperture formed therein. 19. The system according to claim 17, wherein the at least one window is formed from at least one of a transparent material, a semi-transparent material, and a translucent material. 20. The system according to claim 17, wherein the adhesive material is a double sided tape. 