Described in certain embodiments are mounting systems that employ one or more T-posts to support useful implements such as birdhouses, signs, fencing, banners, and the like. Additional disclosed embodiments relate to unique post- or wall-mount systems for such implements.
Claims 1. A multi-purpose mount assembly, comprising: a T-post; and a mount accessory mounted atop the T-post, said mount accessory defining an internal void in which a portion of the T-post is received; and said mount accessory including an upwardly-facing bearing surface defining a plurality of apertures. 2. The mount assembly of claim 1, wherein said internal void is configured to frictionally engage the T-post. 3. The mount assembly of claim 2, wherein said internal void is shaped as a negative of a top end of the T-post. 4. The mount assembly of claim 1, also comprising an implement mounted atop said bearing surface. 5. A durable T-post mounted accessory, comprising: a T-post; and an accessory mounted atop the T-post; said accessory including an accessory body defining an internal void shaped to correspond and frictionally mate with the T-post; and said accessory body having a solid cross-section between said void and outer surfaces of the body encompassing said void. 6. The mounted accessory of claim 5, wherein said accessory comprises a mount accessory having an upwardly facing bearing surface. 7. A post assembly, comprising: an internal post structure; a cap accessory received atop the post structure; a sleeve accessory contacting said cap accessory and received over an intermediate portion of said internal post structure; and a footing accessory contacting said sleeve accessory and received over a lower portion of said internal post structure. 8. The post assembly of claim 7, wherein said internal post structure comprises a T-post. 9. The post assembly of claim 7, wherein said footing accessory comprises at least one protrusion configured for ground-penetration to secure a position of the footing accessory. 10. The post assembly of claim 7, wherein said cap accessory defines an internal void for receipt of an upper end of said internal post structure. 11. The post assembly of claim 7, wherein said cap accessory is a mount accessory. 12. The post assembly of claim 11, wherein said mount accessory includes a bearing surface defining apertures. 13. The post assembly of claim 7, wherein said sleeve accessory comprises at least one opening configured to receive and support a laterally-extending cross board. 14. An assembly for supporting an adjacent object, the assembly comprising: a T-post; a top-mounted accessory on said T-post; said top-mounted accessory including a mount body defining an internal void received over and frictionally engaging an upper region of said T-post; said top-mounted accessory including a lateral arm connected to said mount body and extending transversely to said T-post; and a receiver element connected at an end of said lateral arm and defining a region for receipt against the adjacent object. 15. A T-post supported fence structure, comprising: first and second T-post structures spaced from one another; first and second sleeve elements received over said first and second T-post structures, respectively; and at least one cross-board element extending between said first and second sleeve elements and having a first end supported by said first sleeve element and a second end supported by said second sleeve element. 16. The fence structure of claim 15, wherein said first and second T-post structures each include a plurality of T-posts. 17. The fence structure of claim 16, wherein said first and second T-post structures each include two T-posts in a nested arrangement. 18. The fence structure of claim 15, also comprising first and second cap accessories mounted atop said first and second T-post structures, respectively. 19. The fence structure of claim 18, also comprising first and second footing accessories received over said first and second T-post structures, respectively. 20. A supported implement, comprising: a vertical post structure including first and second T-posts confined in an overlapping condition; and an implement attached to said vertical post structure. 21. The supported implement of claim 20, wherein the implement comprises a fence structure. 22. The supported implement of claim 20, wherein the implement comprises a cap accessory received over said vertical post structure. 23. The supported implement of claim 22, wherein said cap accessory comprises a mailbox. 24. The supported implement of claim 22, wherein said cap accessory comprises a birdhouse. 25. The supported implement of claim 22, wherein said cap accessory comprises a mount accessory having a bearing surface. 26. A post mounting system, comprising: a post structure; a first mount element received atop said post structure; and a second mount element cooperable for reversible attachment to said first mount element; and said second mount element including a bearing face for contact with an implement to be mounted; and apertures defined in said bearing face for receiving fasteners. 27. The system of claim 26, also comprising an implement received against and mounted to said bearing face. 28. The system of claim 27, wherein said implement comprises a birdhouse. 29. A pole mounting system, comprising: a post structure for receipt in the ground; a sleeve structure defining a first void for receipt of said post structure; said sleeve structure also defining a second void for receipt of an upstanding pole. 30. The pole mounting system of claim 29, also comprising a pole received in said second void. 31. The pole mounting system of claim 30, also comprising at least one implement mounted to said pole. 32. The pole mounting system of claim 31, wherein said implement comprises a mount structure for at least one weather-related instrument. 33. The pole mounting system of claim 31, wherein said implement comprises at least one solar panel. 34. The pole mounting system of claim 29, wherein said post structure comprises at least one T-post. 35. A post mounting system, comprising: (a) a post structure including: (i) a post having a cross-sectional shape including three or more outwardly-extending arms, said outwardly-extending arms each having an outermost arm surface; (ii) a sleeve element received over said T-post, said sleeve element including an internal cylindrical void sized to frictionally engage said outermost arm surfaces of said three or more outwardly-extending arms; and (b) a top-mounted element mounted atop said post structure. 36. The post mounting system of claim 35, wherein said cylindrical void has a substantially circular cross section. 37. The post mounting system of claim 35, wherein said post is a T-post. 38. The post mounting system of claim 35, wherein said top-mounted element has a void configured for receipt over an upper portion of said sleeve element. 39. The post mounting system of claim 35, wherein said top-mounted element has a void configured for frictional engagement of an upper portion of said post. 40. A method for installing a post structure in ground, comprising: providing first and second T-posts in an overlapping configuration; installing a driving cap over said T-posts, said driving cap defining an internal void for receiving upper ends of said T-posts; and applying a driving force to an upper surface of said driving cap to drive said T-posts into the ground in said overlapping configuration. 41. A post-supported barricade fence structure, comprising: at least first and second post structures spaced from one another; first and second sleeve elements received over said first and second post structures, respectively, said first and second sleeve elements including upper portions and lower portions; and a lower tension fencing material attached to and supported between said upper portions of said sleeve elements; and a higher tension fencing material attached to and supported between said lower portions of said sleeve elements. 