A remote energy meter system and method is provided having a meter server and a client module located remotely from the meter server. The meter server communicates with the client via a wireless communications link to recover energy production parameter values. The remote energy meter system preferably provides real-time and automated monitoring of, at least, energy production and system failure parameters.
Claims 1. A remote energy meter system for detecting energy production parameters of an energy generation facility comprising: a client module operably connected to the energy generation facility for collecting data representative of the energy production parameters; a backup power management system for providing an alternative or secondary power source for the client module; and a server located remotely from the client module, wherein the server communicates with the client module to recover the energy production parameters. 2. The remote energy meter system of claim 1, wherein the client module is powered by a standard AC service provided by the energy generation facility. 3. The remote energy meter system of claim 1, wherein the server receives real-time energy production parameters. 4. The remote energy meter system of claim 3, wherein the real-time energy productions parameters are selected from the group consisting of system production, status, and failures. 5. The remote energy meter system of claim 1, wherein the energy generation facility is a solar energy facility. 6. The remote energy meter system of claim 5, wherein the solar energy facility provides a plurality of photovoltaic arrays that convert solar energy into electricity. 7. The remote energy meter system of claim 6, wherein the photovoltaic arrays generate DC electricity. 8. The remote energy meter system of claim 7, wherein the DC electricity is converted to an AC output by one or more inverters. 9. The remote energy meter system of claim 8, wherein the AC output is comprised of a current and a voltage. 10. The remote energy meter system of claim 8, further comprising an AC meter that measures the AC output from the one or more inverters. 11. The remote energy meter system of claim 10, further comprising a DC voltmeter that measures the DC electricity generated by the photovoltaic arrays. 12. The remote energy meter system of claim 11, wherein the client module further comprises a data processor that processes data measured by the DC voltmeter and the AC meter. 13. The remote energy meter system of claim 1, wherein the server communicates with the client module via a communications link selected from the group consisting of a wireless link, a cellular link, a microwave link, and a satellite link. 14. A method of remotely monitoring an energy generation installation comprising: measuring operating parameters of a remote access energy meter system with a DC voltmeter and an AC meter; storing the operating parameters in a non-volatile memory; processing the operating parameters with a data processor; generating a signal representative of the operating parameters; and communicating the operating parameters from the remote access energy meter system to a server located remotely from the energy installation. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein the operating parameters are selected from the group consisting of AC input, DC input, AC output, output voltage and output current. 16. The method of claim 14, wherein the operating parameters are communicated to the server via a communications link selected from the group consisting of a wireless link, a cellular link, a microwave link, and a satellite link. 