A baby schedule tracking and storage device is disclosed. The device is self contained device having a display and a plurality of selectable buttons that each signifying a particular event. When the event occurs, the corresponding is depressed and the event along with the time and date is stored. The data can then be downloaded to a computing device to compile the events and provide numerical and or graphical information regarding the various events. The device further includes additional functionality that allows entry of finite information such as quantity, volume and or diet consumed and expelled. The buttons or housing is made from a material that glows in the dark making locating the device and the associated buttons easier.
Claims 1. A baby schedule tracking device comprising: a self contained electronic monitor having a plurality of buttons associated with a babies schedule where the depression of a button stores the associated button function, time, and date into memory and a connecting means to connect the device to a computer where the information stored in memory is transferred. 2. The baby schedule tracking device of claim 1 wherein the plurality of buttons includes at least one of sleep, wake, changing, and feeding. 3. The baby schedule tracking device of claim 1 wherein the plurality of buttons further includes at least one modifier button that allows altering of the default information from selecting an associated button function. 4. The baby schedule tracking device of claim 3 wherein the altering allows for adjustment of the stored time for the associated button function. 5. The baby schedule tracking device of claim 2 that further includes an altering button that allows for adjustment of the feeding quantity. 6. The baby schedule tracking device of claim 1 wherein depression of the button associated with feeding stores the quantity of feeding from the previously entered feeding amount into memory. 7. The baby schedule tracking device of claim 1 wherein the device is in the shape of a bug, plant, animal, flower, doll, star, fish, reptile or cartoon character. 8. The baby schedule tracking device of claim 1 wherein the device includes a sound making means to audibly announce the button being depressed. 9. The baby schedule tracking device of claim 1 wherein the device further includes solar charging means. 10. The baby schedule tracking device of claim 1 wherein the device further includes an on and off switch or sleep mode capability to reduce power consumption without compromising functionality. 11. The baby schedule tracking device of claim 1 wherein the information that is transferred is in a format that allows the information to be opened using a common spreadsheet and or word processing program for analysis, viewing and printing. 12. The baby schedule tracking device of claim 1 that further includes a tether, strap or band to hang or attach the device. 13. The baby schedule tracking device of claim 1 wherein the buttons associated with functions are color coded, embossed or marked with pictograph or symbols to identify their function. 14. The baby schedule tracking device of claim 1 that further includes a display means for displaying numerical and or graphical representation of the current and or stored data in memory. 15. The baby schedule tracking device of claim 1 that further includes an audible function to provide reproduced rhythmic sounds. 16. The baby schedule tracking device of claim 1 wherein the device further includes a baby monitor for hearing and transmitting sounds. 17. The baby schedule tracking device of claim 17 wherein the device can selectively transmit sounds that are above a preset level to extend battery life of the device. 18. The baby schedule tracking device of claim 1 wherein the device includes a microphone to automatically store sleep and wake times in memory. 19. The baby schedule tracking device of claim 1 wherein the device further includes a motion sensor to detect and record motion around the area of the device. 20. The baby schedule tracking device of claim 1 wherein at least a portion of the device glows in the dark. 