A substrate processing system includes a source unit configured to supply a deposition material to a substrate, a substrate holder configured to hold a substrate to receive the deposition material, a shadow mask comprising a frame that includes two opposing arms; and a crossbar configured to be mounted to the two opposing arms. The frame and the crossbar define a plurality of openings that allow the deposition material supplied by the source unit to be deposited on the substrate. A transport mechanism can produce relative movement between the shadow mask and the substrate.
Claims 1. A substrate processing system, comprising: a source unit configured to supply a deposition material to a substrate; a substrate holder configured to hold a substrate to receive the deposition material; a shadow mask comprising: a frame that includes two opposing arms; and a crossbar configured to be mounted to the two opposing arms, wherein the frame and the crossbar define a plurality of openings that allow the deposition material supplied by the source unit to be deposited on the substrate; and a transport mechanism configured to produce relative movement between the shadow mask and the substrate. 2. The substrate processing system of claim 1, wherein the crossbar comprises an elongated portion and a mounting member at an end of the elongated portion, wherein the mounting member is configured to be mounted to the two opposing arms. 3. The substrate processing system of claim 2, wherein the crossbar further comprises a spring configured to pull the mounting member against the one of the two opposing arms to securely mount the crossbar across the two opposing arms. 4. The substrate processing system of claim 1, wherein the crossbar comprises an elongated portion, two mounting members at two ends of the elongated portion, and a spring, wherein the mounting members are configured to be respectively mounted to the two opposing arms, wherein the spring is configured to pull the mounting member against the one of the two opposing arms to securely mount the crossbar across the two opposing arms. 5. The substrate processing system of claim 1, wherein the crossbar comprises Inconel, stainless steel, Kovar, Invar, steel, Titanium, Mo, or W. 6. The substrate processing system of claim 1, wherein the frame comprises Stainless steel, steel, aluminum, titanium, Kovar, or Invar. 7. The substrate processing system of claim 1, wherein a thermal expansion coefficient of the crossbar is lower than a thermal expansion coefficient of the frame. 8. The substrate processing system of claim 1, wherein the crossbar has a width in a range of about 0.02 millimeter and about 2 millimeters, wherein the shadow mask is positioned at a distance smaller than about 2 millimeters from the substrate. 9. The substrate processing system of claim 1, wherein the shadow mask and the crossbar are substantially co-planar. 10. The substrate processing system of claim 1, wherein the shadow mask further comprises a plurality of substantially parallel crossbars mounted across the two opposing arms. 11. A shadow mask for defining deposition patterns on a substrate, comprising: a frame comprising two opposing arms; and a crossbar configured to be mounted to the two opposing arms, wherein the frame and the crossbar define a plurality of openings that are configured to pass a deposition material to a substrate. 12. The shadow mask of claim 11, wherein the crossbar comprises an elongated portion and a mounting member at an end of the elongated portion, wherein the mounting member is configured to be mounted to one of the two opposing arms. 13. The shadow mask of claim 12, wherein the crossbar further comprises a spring configured to pull the mounting member against the one of the two opposing arms to securely mount the crossbar across the two opposing arms. 14. The shadow mask of claim 11, wherein the crossbar comprises an elongated portion, two mounting members at two ends of the elongated portion, and a spring, wherein the mounting members are configured to be respectively mounted to the two opposing arms, wherein the spring is configured to pull the mounting member against the one of the two opposing arms to securely mount the crossbar across the two opposing arms. 15. The shadow mask of claim 11, wherein the crossbar comprises Inconel, stainless steel, Kovar, Invar, steel, Titanium, Mo, or W. 16. The shadow mask of claim 11, wherein the frame comprises Stainless steel, steel, aluminum, titanium, Kovar, or Invar. 17. The shadow mask of claim 11, wherein a thermal expansion coefficient of the crossbar is lower than a thermal expansion coefficient of the frame. 18. The shadow mask of claim 11, wherein the crossbar has a width in a range of about 0.02 millimeter and about 2 millimeters. 19. The shadow mask of claim 11, wherein the shadow mask and the crossbars are substantially co-planar. 20. The shadow mask of claim 11, further comprising a plurality of substantially parallel crossbars mounted across the two opposing anus. 21. A method for fabricating a solar-cell module, comprising; positioning a shadow mask over a substrate having a first lower electrode layer and a second lower electrode layer separated from the first lower electrode layer, wherein the first lower electrode layer and the second lower electrode layer comprise a first conductive material, wherein the shadow mask comprises a first opening over the first lower electrode layer and a second opening over the second electrode layer; depositing one or more semiconductor materials through the first opening to form a first PN junction structure on the first lower electrode layer and through the second opening to form a second PN junction structure on the second lower electrode layer; producing a first translation between the shadow mask and the substrate; and depositing a second conductive material through the first opening and the second opening to form a first upper electrode layer on the first PN junction structure and partially on the second lower electrode layer, and to form a second upper electrode layer on the second PN junction structure. 22. The method of claim 21, further comprising: positioning the shadow mask over a substrate; depositing the first conductive material through the first opening and the second opening to form the first lower electrode layer and the second lower electrode layer separated from the first lower electrode layer. 23. The method of claim 22, further comprising: after the step of depositing the first conductive material, producing a second translation between the shadow mask and the substrate parallel to an upper surface of the substrate, wherein the first translation and the second translation are substantially along a same direction. 24. The method of claim 21, wherein the first translation is substantially parallel to an upper surface of the substrate. 25. The method of claim 21, wherein each of the first PN junction structure and the second PN junction structure is partially on the substrate. 26. The method of claim 21, wherein the first lower electrode layer, the first PN junction structure, and the first upper electrode layer form a first photovoltaic cell, wherein the second lower electrode layer, the second PN junction structure, and the second upper electrode layer form a second photovoltaic cell that is serially connected to the first photovoltaic cell. 27. The method of claim 21, wherein the steps of depositing a first conductive material, depositing one or more semiconductor materials, and depositing a second conductive material comprises depositing the first conductive material, the one or more semiconductor materials, or the second conductive material using physical vapor deposition (PVD) or chemical vapor deposition (CVD). 28. The method of claim 21, wherein the shadow mask comprises: a frame comprising two opposing arms; and a crossbar mounted across the two opposing arms, wherein the frame and the crossbar define the first opening and the second opening. 29. The method of claim 28, wherein the crossbar comprises a mounting member configured to be mounted to one of the two opposing arms and a spring configured to pull the mounting member against the one of the two opposing arms to securely mount the crossbar across the two opposing arms. 30. The method of claim 28, wherein the crossbar has a width in a range of about 0.02 millimeter and about 2 millimeters. 31. The method of claim 21, wherein the shadow mask is positioned at a distance smaller than about 2 millimeters from the substrate. 32. The method of claim 21, further comprising heating the substrate before the step of depositing the one or more semiconductor materials. 