A parabolic primary mirror (10) has a concave specular surface (12) that is constructed and positioned to receive solar energy and focus it towards a focal point. A secondary mirror (14) having a convex specular surface (16) is constructed and positioned to receive focused solar energy from the primary mirror and focus it onto an annular receiver (18). The annular receiver (18) may include an annular array of optical elements (100) constructed to receive solar energy from the secondary specular surface (14) and focus it onto a ring of discreet areas. A ring of solar-to-electrical conversion units are positioned on the ring of discreet areas. A sun sensor that allows accurate solar tracking to keep mirror system aligned with the sun.
Claims 1. A light energy collection system, comprising: a primary mirror having a concave specular surface constructed and positioned to receive light energy and focus it towards a focal point; and a secondary mirror having a convex specular surface constructed and positioned to receive focused light energy from the primary mirror and focus it onto an annular receiver. 2. The light energy collection system of claim 1, wherein the annular receiver is an annular array of optical elements constructed to focus the light energy received from the secondary specular surface onto a ring of discreet areas. 3. The light energy collection system of claim 2, wherein a ring of light-to-electrical conversion units are positioned on the ring of discreet areas. 4. The light energy collection system of claim 1, wherein the concave specular surface of the primary mirror is substantially parabolic. 5. The light energy collection system of claim 1, wherein the convex specular surface of the secondary mirror is generally hyperbolic. 6. The light energy collection system of claim 2, wherein the optical elements include lenses. 7. The light energy collection system of claim 2, wherein the optical elements include prisms. 8. The light energy collection system of claim 1, wherein the annular receiver is a body adopted to convert the light energy to heat. 9. The light energy collection system of claim 1, wherein the annular receiver is adapted to convert the light energy to electricity. 10. The light energy collection system of claim 3, wherein the light-to-electrical conversion units are photovoltaic cells. 11. The light energy collection system of claim 3, wherein the light-to-electrical conversion units are connected together. 12. A solar energy collection system, comprising: a frame; a primary mirror supported by the frame, said primary mirror having a concave mirror surface constructed and positioned to receive solar energy and focus it towards a focal point; and a secondary mirror supported by the frame, said secondary mirror having a convex mirror surface constructed and positioned to receive focused solar energy from the primary mirror and focus it onto an annular receiver, said annular receiver being supported by the frame. 13. The solar energy collection system of claim 12, wherein the annular receiver is an annular array of optical elements constructed to focus the solar energy received from the secondary mirror surface onto a ring of discreet areas. 14. The solar energy collection system of claim 13, wherein a ring of solar-to-electrical conversion units are positioned on the ring of discreet areas. 15. The solar energy collection system of claim 12, wherein the concave specular surface of the primary mirror is substantially parabolic. 16. The solar energy collection system of claim 12, wherein the convex specular surface of the secondary mirror is generally hyperbolic. 17. The solar energy collection system of claim 12, wherein the annular receiver is a body adopted to absorb the solar energy and convert it to heat. 18. The solar energy collection system of claim 13, wherein the optical elements are lenses. 19. The solar energy collection system of claim 13, wherein the optical elements are prisms. 20. The solar energy collection system of claim 12, including means for adjustably mounting the frame for movement to keep the primary mirror pointed at the sun. 21. The solar energy collection system of claim 20, wherein the frame positioning means includes an azimuth adjusting means and an elevation adjusting means. 22. The solar energy collection system of claim 20, including a control for the positioning means that includes sensor means are responsive to the position of the sun for maintaining the primary mirror aim towards the sun. 23. A mirror, comprising: a thin metal body having a curved surface; a polymer layer on said curved surface; a reflective metal layer on the polymer layer; and a thin glass layer on the metal layer; said layers providing the mirror with a specular surface. 24. The mirror of claim 23, wherein the thin metal body is formed from sheet aluminum alloy. 25. The mirror of claim 23, wherein the thin metal body is formed from a sheet of aluminum alloy 6061 that is hardened to a T-6 condition. 26. The mirror of claim 23, wherein the curved surface is a concave surface. 27. The mirror of claim 26, wherein the curved surface is a substantially parabolic surface. 28. The mirror of claim 26, wherein the curved surface is a convex surface. 29. The mirror of claim 26, wherein the curved surface is a generally hyperbolic surface. 30. A mirror, comprising: a sheet metal body formed to be convex on one side and concave on the other side, said body having a specular surface formed on one of its sides by: a polymer layer on said side, said polymer being applied to the surface while the sheet metal body is being spun about its geometrical axis at a rotational speed such that centrifugal forces acting on the polymer cancel gravitational forces; a reflective metal layer on the epoxy polymer layer; and a thin glass layer on the metal layer. 31. The mirror of claim 30, wherein the body is formed from sheet aluminum alloy. 32. The mirror of claim 30, wherein the thin metal body is formed from sheet aluminum alloy 6061 that is hardened to a T-6 condition. 33. The mirror of claim 30, wherein the specular surface is on the concave side of the body. 34. The mirror of claim 33, wherein the specular surface is a substantially parabolic surface. 35. The mirror of claim 30, wherein the specular surface is formed on the convex side of the body. 36. The mirror of claim 35, wherein the specular surface is a generally hyperbolic surface. 37. The mirror of claim 36, wherein the generally hyperbolic surface is shaped to reflect and focus light/heat energy received by it onto an annular focus area. 38. A mirror having a convex specular surface adapted to focus light energy onto an annular area, said convex specular surface being formed by: providing a hyperbolic curve formed symmetrically about an axis and having a concave side, a convex side, an imaginary focus point on the concave side and a real focus point on the convex side; tilting the axis and the hyperbolic curve about the imaginary focus point, so that in its tilted position the axis is separated from its original position by an acute angle and the parabolic curve is tilted from its original position; rotating the portion of the tilted hyperbolic curve that extends from the original axis to the tilted axis and beyond the tilted axis, about the original axis, so that the rotated portion of the tilted hyperbolic curve forms a surface of revolution about the original axis; and providing the convex specular surface of the mirror with the shape of the surface of revolution so that the specular surface will have an annular focus 39. An optical energy concentrator, comprising an annular array of glass lens/prism elements, said elements each having a convex top, a convex bottom, flat inner and outer ends, and flat sides which extend radially so that the glass lens/prism elements can substantially fit together and form an array of substantially annular form. 40. A light energy collection system, comprising: a primary mirror having a concave specular surface constructed and positioned to receive light energy and focus it towards a focal point; a secondary mirror having a convex specular surface constructed and positioned to receive focused light energy from the primary mirror and focus it onto an annular receiver, said convex specular surface being formed by: providing a hyperbolic curve formed symmetrically about an axis and having a concave side, a convex side, an imaginary focus point on the concave side and a real focal point on the convex side; tilting the axis and the hyperbolic curve about the imaginary focus point, so that in its tilted position the axis is separated from its original position by an acute angle and the parabolic curve is tilted from its original position; rotating the portion of the tilted hyperbolic curve that extends from the original axis to the tilted axis and beyond the tilted axis, about the original axis, so that the rotated portion of the tilted hyperbolic curve forms a surface of revolution about the original axis; and providing the convex specular surface of the secondary mirror with the shape of the surface of revolution so that the specular surface will have an annular focus pattern. 41. The light energy collection system of claim 40, further comprising an annular array of glass lens/prism elements substantially at the annular focus, said elements each having a convex top, a convex bottom, flat inner and outer ends, and flat sides which extend radially so that the glass lens/prism elements can substantially fit together and form an array of substantially annular form. 42. A sun position sensor, comprising: a base; a cylindrical shadow shield extending upwardly from the base, said shield including an upper end, a cylindrical inner surface, and an outer surface; a sensor support having a lower portion connected to the base inside the shadow shield and an upper portion in the form of a truncated pyramid, said upper portion having four sloping sides positioned substantially ninety degrees (90.degree.) apart; four photovoltaic cells mounted on the support, one on each the sloping side of the truncated pyramid; and four photovoltaic cells mounted on the outer surface of the shadow shield ninety degrees (90.degree.) apart. 43. The sensor assembly of claim 42, wherein the four sides of the truncated pyramid slope substantially thirty degrees (30.degree.) from vertical. 44. The sensor assembly of claim 42, wherein each photovoltaic cell is glass-covered. 45. The sensor assembly of claim 42, wherein there is a non-linear response of reflectance/transmittance to angle of incidence of the photovoltaic cells. 46. The sensor assembly of claim 44, wherein there is a non-linear response of reflectance/transmittance to angle of the incidence of the glass-covered photovoltaic cells. 