The present invention provides recharging systems and methods for solid state thin-film batteries. Recharging systems and methods in accordance with the present invention include circuits that receive energy that can be used for recharging from sources such as solar cells, magnetic induction, thermoelectric devices, and piezoelectric materials.
Claims 1. A battery charging system comprising: a solid state thin-film battery; and a potentiostatic charging device comprising a voltage regulator and capable of maintaining a first electrode of the solid state thin-film battery at a controlled potential with respect to a second electrode of the solid state thin-film battery during a charging period. 2. The charging system of claim 1, wherein the solid state thin-film battery comprises LiPON. 3. The charging system of claim 1, wherein the potentiostatic charging device comprises a primary coil magnetically coupled to a secondary coil. 4. The charging system of claim 3, further comprising a filtering circuit. 5. The charging system of claim 1, wherein the potentiostatic charging device comprises a solar cell. 6. The charging system of claim 1, wherein the potentiostatic charging device comprises a piezoelectric transducer. 7. The charging system of claim 6 in combination with a sensor. 8. The combination of claim 7, wherein the sensor comprises an air pressure sensor. 9. The combination of claim 8 further comprising a tire. 10. The charging system of claim 6, wherein the potentiostatic charging device comprises a full wave rectification circuit capable of using both positive and negative voltages provided by the piezoelectric transducer to charge the solid state thin-film battery. 11. The charging system of claim 1, wherein the potentiostatic charging device comprises a thermoelectric cell. 12. A method of charging a solid state thin-film battery, the method comprising the steps: providing a battery charging system comprising a solid state thin-film battery and a potentiostatic charging device comprising a voltage regulator; providing an energy source; and using energy from the energy source to maintain a first electrode of the solid state thin-film battery at a controlled potential with respect to a second electrode of the solid state thin-film battery during a charging period. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein the energy source comprises one or more of a primary coil magnetically coupled to a secondary coil, a solar cell, a piezoelectric transducer, and a thermoelectric cell. 14. The method of claim 12, wherein the solid state thin-film battery comprises LiPON. 15. A tire pressure monitoring system, the system comprising: a tire pressure sensor; a signal transmitter capable of transmitting a signal from the tire pressure sensor to a receiver; and a power source comprising a solid state thin-film battery and a potentiostatic charging device comprising a piezoelectric transducer. 16. The tire pressure monitoring system of claim 15, wherein the solid state thin-film battery comprises LiPON. 17. The tire pressure monitoring system of claim 15, wherein the potentiostatic charging device comprises a full wave rectification circuit capable of using both positive and negative voltages provided by the piezoelectric transducer to charge the solid state thin-film battery. 18. A method of monitoring tire pressure, the method comprising the steps of: measuring the pressure of a tire with a pressure sensor; powering the pressure sensor with a solid state thin-film battery; and charging the solid state thin-film battery with energy provided by a piezoelectric transducer. 19. The method of claim 18, further comprising using both positive and negative voltages provided by the piezoelectric transducer to charge the solid state thin-film battery. 20. The method of claim 18, further comprising the step of transmitting a signal indicative of tire pressure to a receiver. 