A solar power unit which uses at least two mirrors to focus light onto a solar receiver assembly is disclosed. A primary structure for the solar power unit comprises a primary mirror and supporting walls integrally formed around the perimeter of the primary mirror. The integral construction of the primary mirror and supporting walls improves the alignment of components within the solar power unit. Solar power units may be joined together with interlocking features to form a solar energy array.
Claims 1. A solar concentrator unit, comprising: a primary structure having an upper surface and a bottom surface, said primary structure comprising a primary mirror and a support structure, said support structure forming supporting walls around the perimeter of said primary mirror, wherein said primary mirror and said support structure are integrally formed; a front panel covering the upper surface of said primary structure; and a solar receiver to convert solar energy into electricity, said solar receiver positioned in said primary structure to receive solar energy reflected from said primary mirror. 2. The solar concentrator unit of claim 1, wherein said primary structure is formed by sheet metal stamping. 3. The solar concentrator unit of claim 2, wherein said primary structure is made of steel. 4. The solar concentrator unit of claim 1, wherein said primary structure is formed by plastic molding. 5. The solar concentrator unit of claim 1, further comprising a secondary mirror mounted to said front panel and positioned to reflect solar energy from said primary mirror to said solar receiver. 6. The solar concentrator unit of claim 5, wherein said secondary mirror is formed by sheet metal stamping. 7. The solar concentrator unit of claim 5, wherein said primary structure is used to align said secondary mirror with said primary mirror. 8. The solar concentrator unit of claim 1, wherein said perimeter of said primary mirror forms a hexagonal shape. 9. The solar concentrator unit of claim 1, wherein said front panel is attached to said primary structure. 10. The solar concentrator unit of claim 1, further comprising a back panel covering said bottom surface of said primary structure. 11. The solar concentrator unit of claim 1, wherein said supporting walls are discontinuous around the perimeter of said primary mirror. 12. The solar concentrator unit of claim 1, said primary structure further comprising means for interlocking solar concentrator units into an array. 13. The solar concentrator unit of claim 1, wherein said primary mirror further comprises a mounting space, wherein said solar receiver is positioned in said mounting space. 14. A solar concentrator array, comprising: (a) a plurality of solar concentrator units with upper surfaces, each of said solar concentrator units comprising: a primary structure comprising a primary mirror with a perimeter and a support structure, said support structure forming supporting walls around the perimeter of said primary mirror, wherein said primary mirror and said support structure are integrally formed; a secondary mirror positioned to reflect solar energy reflected from said primary mirror; and a solar receiver to convert solar energy into electricity, wherein said solar receiver is positioned to receive solar energy reflected from said secondary mirror; and (b) means for covering the upper surfaces of said plurality of solar concentrator units. 15. The solar concentrator array of claim 14, wherein said means for covering the upper surfaces of said plurality of solar concentrator units comprises one front panel covering said solar concentrator array. 16. The solar concentrator array of claim 14, wherein said means for covering the upper surfaces of said plurality of solar concentrator units comprises a plurality of front panels, wherein each of said front panels corresponds to each of said solar concentrator units. 17. The solar concentrator array of claim 14, said primary structure further comprising means for interlocking said solar concentrator units. 18. The solar concentrator array of claim 14, wherein said solar concentrator units may be individually removed from said solar concentrator array. 19. The solar concentrator array of claim 14, wherein said primary structure is formed by sheet metal stamping. 20. A method of assembling a solar concentrator unit, comprising: positioning a solar receiver in a primary structure having an upper surface and a bottom surface, said solar receiver capable of converting solar energy into electricity, said primary structure comprising a primary mirror with a perimeter and a support structure, wherein said primary mirror is positioned to reflect said solar energy, wherein said support structure forms supporting walls around the perimeter of said primary mirror, and wherein said primary mirror and said support structure are integrally formed; and covering the upper surface of said primary structure with a front panel. 21. The method of assembling a solar concentrator unit of claim 20, further comprising the step of covering the bottom surface of said primary structure with a back panel. 22. The method of assembling a solar concentrator of claim 20, further comprising the step of mounting a secondary mirror to said front panel, wherein said secondary mirror is positioned to reflect solar energy from said primary mirror to said solar receiver. 