A solar energy collecting device includes a rotation axis to be mounted parallel to the earth's polar axis, a solar energy collector mounted for rotation around the rotation axis at a predetermined rotation speed, the solar energy collector defining a tilt angle with respect to the rotation axis, and a tilt angle adjustment mechanism for automatically and intermittently adjusting the tilt angle. Various configurations of the solar energy collector are possible, and the rotation speed may be one revolution per day or half a revolution per day depending on the solar energy collector configuration. Many drive modes are possible, including rotating continuously throughout a day or rotating during daylight hours and rotating backward or forward at night. The tilt angle adjustment mechanism includes a handle fixed to the solar energy collector and a tilt angle change guide.
Claims 1. A solar energy collecting device comprising: a rotation axis; a solar energy collector mounted for rotation around the rotation axis, the solar energy collector defining a tilt angle with respect to the rotation axis; a driving mechanism for driving the solar energy collector to rotate around the rotation axis at a predetermined rotation speed during at least part of a day; and a tilt angle adjustment mechanism for automatically and intermittently adjusting the tilt angle. 2. The solar energy collecting device of claim 1, wherein the tilt angle adjustment mechanism comprises: a handle fixed to the solar energy collector and rotates with it around the rotation axis; a tilt angle change guide having an elongated opening adapted to receive a part of the handle, the tilt angle change guide being positioned such that the handle enters a first end of the opening, slides along the opening, and exits a second end of the opening during a portion of the rotation of the solar energy collector, wherein the tilt angle of the solar energy collector is a first value when the handle enters the first end of the opening and a second value when the handle exits the second end of the opening; and a tilt angle change guide adjusting mechanism for seasonally adjusting the position of the tilt angle change guide. 3. The solar energy collecting device of claim 2, further includes a clamp or latch for fixing the solar energy collector to the rotation axis at a fixed tilt angle, wherein the clamp or latch is disengaged when the handle enters the first end of the opening of the tilt angle change guide, and reengaged when the handle exits the second end of the opening. 4. The solar energy collecting device of claim 2, wherein the handle and the tilt angle change guide are located such that the handle enters the opening of the tilt angle change guide during non-energy collection time. 5. The solar energy collecting device of claim 1, wherein the solar energy collector is a solar energy receiver, and wherein the predetermined rotation speed is approximately one revolution per day. 6. The solar energy collecting device of claim 1, wherein the solar energy collector is a solar energy concentrator, wherein the solar energy collecting device further includes a solar energy receiver having a fixed spatial position relative to the solar energy concentrator, wherein the solar energy concentrator directs sunlight to the solar energy receiver, and wherein the predetermined rotation speed is approximately one revolution per day. 7. The solar energy collecting device of claim 1, wherein the solar energy collector is a solar energy concentrator, wherein the solar energy collecting device further includes a stationary solar energy receiver that is fixed in space, wherein the solar energy concentrator directs sunlight to the solar energy receiver, and wherein the predetermined rotation speed is approximately half a revolution per day. 8. The solar energy collecting device of claim 7, wherein the solar energy concentrator is a two-sided mirror. 9. The solar energy collecting device of claim 1, wherein the drive mechanism drives the solar energy collector to rotate continuously throughout a day. 10. The solar energy collecting device of claim 1, wherein the drive mechanism drives the solar energy collector to rotate during daylight time of a day and to rotate backward or forward during night time to a starting position and restarts the rotation the next day. 11. The solar energy collecting device of claim 1 further including a solar energy receiver, wherein the solar energy collector is a solar energy concentrator for directing sunlight to the solar energy receiver, and wherein the solar energy concentrator is a non-imaging concentrator that produces substantially uniform light output when partially illuminated. 12. The solar energy collecting device of claim 1 further including a solar energy receiver, wherein the solar energy collector is a solar energy concentrator for directing sunlight to the solar energy receiver, and wherein the solar energy concentrator is a non-imaging concentrator that directs substantially all incident sunlight to the energy receiver when the sunlight illuminates on the solar energy concentrator at an angle within a predefined range. 13. The solar energy collecting device of claim 1, further including a control circuit for controlling the driving mechanism, the control circuit receiving a universal standard time signal for synchronizing the rotation of the solar energy collector to the rotation of the earth relative to the sun. 14. A solar energy collecting device of claim 1, comprising a plurality of solar energy collectors forming a rigid body, the device further comprising a crossbar mounted for rotating around the rotation axis, wherein the rigid body is attached to the crossbar at a tilt angle and rotates around the rotation axis with the crossbar, wherein the rigid body is balanced with respect to the crossbar and is balanced with respect to the rotational axis at all tilt angles, and wherein the tilt angle adjustment mechanism adjusts the tilt angle of the rigid body. 15. A solar energy collecting system comprising a plurality of solar energy collecting devices of claim 1, the system further comprising: a base on which the rotation axes of the plurality of solar energy collecting devices are mounted; and an enclosure for enclosing the plurality of solar energy collecting devices. 16. The solar energy collecting system of claim 15, wherein the rotation axes of the plurality of solar energy collecting devices are parallel to each other, the system further comprising: a power source for providing a drive power; and a drive system for transmitting the drive power to the driving mechanisms of the plurality of solar energy collecting devices to drive them to rotate at the same speed. 17. The solar energy collecting system of claim 16, further comprising: a control circuit for controlling the drive system; and an energy storage device for storing energy for the power source, wherein the control circuit and the energy storage device are located outside the enclosure. 18. The solar energy collecting system of claim 15, wherein the rotation axes of the plurality of solar energy collecting devices are parallel to the base. 19. The solar energy collecting system of claim 15, wherein the rotation axes of the plurality of solar energy collecting devices are tilted with respect to the base by a predetermined angle. 20. The solar energy collecting system of claim 15 further comprising a stationary solar energy receiver, wherein the solar energy collector of each solar energy collecting device is a solar energy concentrator that directs sunlight to the solar energy receiver. 21. The solar energy collecting system of claim 15, wherein each solar energy collecting device further includes a solar energy receiver, wherein the solar energy collector of each solar energy collecting device is a solar energy concentrator that directs sunlight to the respective solar energy receiver. 22. A method for collecting solar energy, comprising: mounting a rotation axis parallel to a polar axis of the earth; mounting a solar energy collector for rotation around the rotation axis, the solar energy collector defining a tilt angle with respect to the rotation axis; rotating the solar energy collector around the rotation axis at a predetermined rotation speed during at least part of a day; and automatically and intermittently adjusting the tilt angle. 23. A solar energy collecting device comprising: a rotation axis; a solar energy collector mounted for rotation around the rotation axis, the solar energy collector defining a tilt angle with respect to the rotation axis; a driving mechanism for driving the solar energy collector to rotate around the rotation axis at a predetermined rotation speed during at least part of a day; and a tilt angle adjustment mechanism for automatically adjusting the tilt angle, tilt angle adjustment mechanism including: a handle fixed on the solar energy collector and rotates with it around the rotation axis, a tilt angle change guide engaging the handle during at least a part of the rotation of the handle around the rotation axis, and a tilt angle change guide adjusting mechanism for seasonally adjusting the position of the tilt angle change guide. 24. The solar energy collecting device of claim 23, wherein the tilt angle change guide has an elongated opening adapted to receive a part of the handle, the tilt angle change guide being positioned such that the handle enters a first end of the opening, slides along the opening, and exits a second end of the opening during a portion of the rotation of the solar energy collector, wherein the tilt angle of the solar energy collector is a first value when the handle enters the first end of the opening and a second value when the handle exits the second end of the opening. 25. The solar energy collecting device of claim 24, wherein the tilt angle change guide has a plurality of parallel openings. 26. The solar energy collecting device of claim 23, wherein the handle has a circular shape and the tilt angle change guide engages the handle constantly. 