A flotation device includes a pocket formed within its hollow body in open communication with an exterior surface thereof and a hollow housing mounted in the pocket. Illuminatable fiber optic strands are disposed in a predetermined pattern within the hollow body each having a light receiving end thereof protruding into the pocket through a wall thereof in an air impermeable manner and further into the housing. An illumination source is mounted inside the housing in close proximity to the light receiving ends of the fiber optic strands and a power source is also disposed within the housing and operatively coupled to the illumination source. A multi-colored filter pane is mounted within the housing intermediate the illumination source and the receiving end of the each illuminatable fiber optic strand. A switch is provided and is manually operable by a user to operate the illumination source causing the strands to emit light.
Claims 1. A flotation device comprising in combination: (a) a water impermeable hollow body having a predetermined shape and formed from a light permeable material; and (b) a light emitting assembly mounted within said hollow body and operable to emanate light through said light permeable material. 2. The apparatus, according to claim 1, wherein said light emitting assembly includes at least one light emitting member and means operatively coupled thereto to cause said light emitting member to emit said light. 3. The apparatus, according to claim 4, wherein said light emitting member is at least one of illuminatable fiber optic strand, flexible light emitting diode strip and gas-discharge tube. 4. The apparatus, according to claim 1, wherein said light emitting assembly includes: (a) a plurality of illuminatable fiber optic strands disposed in a predetermined pattern within said hollow body each having a light receiving end and a light emitting end; (b) an illumination source disposed within said hollow body and positioned in close proximity to light receiving ends of said illuminatable fiber optic strands; and (c) a power source operatively connected to said illumination source to provide power thereto causing said illumination source to emit light, whereby said emitted light is received at said light receiving ends of said illuminatable fiber optic strands and emitted through at least one of said light emitting end and a peripheral surface thereof. 5. The device, according to claim 4, wherein said light emitting assembly includes a housing and wherein said power source and said illumination source are mounted within said housing. 6. The device, according to claim 4, wherein said power source is at least one battery. 7. The device, according to claim 4, wherein said device includes a filter pane mounted intermediate said illumination source and said receiving end of said each fiber optic strand, said filter pane having a plurality of portions each formed from a light permeable material having a distinct color and wherein strands aligned with said each portion of said filter pane emit a light having a color which is generally identical to said distinct color of said each portion. 8. The device, according to claim 4, wherein said power source includes a solar cell capable of converting solar energy into electric energy. 9. The device, according to claim 8, wherein an outer surface of said solar cell is mounted flush with an exterior surface of said body. 10. The device, according to claim 8, wherein said solar cell is removably attached to a predetermined portion of said body. 11. The device, according to claim 8, wherein said device further includes a cover and means for attaching said cover over said solar cell in a water impermeable manner. 12. The device, according to claim 4, wherein said device includes a switch manually operable by a user to selectively operate said illumination source. 13. The device, according to claim 4, wherein said body includes a pocket formed therein and wherein said illumination source and said power source are mounted within said pocket. 14. The device, according to claim 13, wherein said pocket is formed in an air impermeable manner so as to retain said body in an inflated condition. 15. The device, according to claim 4, wherein said fiber optic strands have different lengths. 16. The device, according to claim 4, wherein said device includes a valve operatively mounted within a wall portion of said body for enabling selective inflation and deflation thereof. 17. In combination with a flotation device having a water impermeable hollow body, a light emitting assembly comprising: (a) a pocket formed within said hollow body in open communication with an exterior surface thereof and in an air impermeable manner with an interior portion of said hollow body; (b) a hollow housing mounted in said pocket; (c) a plurality of illuminatable fiber optic strands disposed in a predetermined pattern within said hollow body each having a light receiving end and a light emitting end, wherein said light receiving ends protrude into said pocket through a wall thereof in an air impermeable manner, said light receiving ends further protrude through one end of said housing and are secured therewithin; (d) an illumination source mounted within said housing in close proximity to said light receiving ends of said fiber optic strands; (e) a power source disposed within said housing and operatively coupled to said illumination source; (f) a filter pane mounted within said housing intermediate said illumination source and said receiving end of said each illuminatable fiber optic strand, said filter pane having a plurality of portions each formed from a light permeable material having a distinct color and wherein fiber optic strands having light receiving ends thereof aligned with said each portion of said filter pane emit a light having a color which is generally identical to said distinct color of said each portion; and (g) a switch manually operable by a user to selectively operate said illumination source. 18. The light emitting assembly, according to claim 21, wherein said light emitting assembly further includes: (a) a second illuminatable fiber optic strands disposed in a second predetermined pattern within said hollow body each having a second light receiving end and a second light emitting end, wherein said second light receiving ends protrude into said pocket through a second wall thereof in an air impermeable manner, said light receiving ends further protrude through an opposed end of said housing and are secured therewithin; (b) a second illumination source mounted inside said housing in close proximity to said second light receiving ends of said second plurality of fiber optic strands; and (c) a second filter pane mounted within said housing intermediate said second illumination source and said second receiving end of said each second illuminatable fiber optic strand, said second filter pane having a plurality of portions each formed from a light permeable material having a distinct color and wherein said second illuminatable fiber optic strands having light receiving ends thereof aligned with said each portion of said second filter pane emit a light having a color which is generally identical to said distinct color of said each portion of said second filter pane. 19. A method of illumination, said method including the step of: (a) providing a flotation device having a water impermeable hollow body; (b) forming said hollow body from a light permeable material; (c) mounting a light emitting assembly within said hollow body; (d) operating said light emitting assembly to emit light; and (e) emanating said emitted light through said light permeable material. 