A method and system to provide a distributed local energy production system with high-voltage DC bus is disclosed. In one embodiment, a system comprises a management unit to be interconnected via a network bus to a set of link modules, each link module coupled to a separate local energy production unit, each link module to include a Maximum Power Point Tracking (MPPT) step-up converter and a parameter monitoring unit to produce parameter data for the respective local energy production unit, and the local energy production units to be coupled to a high voltage power line to deliver produced electrical energy to a consumer of the energy; and the management unit to receive measured parameters from the link modules, and to send control signals to link modules to provide individual operational control of the local energy production units, the management unit to be coupled to one or more separate computers to provide the computers with access to the parameter data and control of the local energy production units.
Claims 1. A system comprising: a management unit to be interconnected via a network bus to a set of link modules, each link module coupled to a separate local energy production unit, each link module to include a Maximum Power Point Tracking (MPPT) step-up converter and a parameter monitoring unit to produce parameter data for the respective local energy production unit, and the local energy production units to be coupled to a high voltage power line to deliver produced electrical energy to a consumer of the energy; and the management unit to receive measured parameters from the link modules, and to send control signals to link modules to provide individual operational control of the local energy production units, the management unit to be coupled to one or more separate computers to provide the computers with access to the parameter data and control of the local energy production units. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the network bus and high voltage power line are joined on a common wire providing a network high voltage bus. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the consumer of energy is a grid tied inverter. 4. The system of claim 2, wherein the consumer of energy is one or more of a battery storage unit, a grid tied inverter, stand alone inverter, hybrid with automatic transfer switch inverter, charge controller, plug-in hybrid automobile, electric car, and a second network high voltage bus. 5. The system of claim 2, wherein one or more of the local energy production units is a photovoltaic panel. 6. The system of claim 2, wherein one or more of the local energy production units is at least one of a wind turbine, fuel cells, and hydroelectric turbine. 7. The system of claim 2, wherein the (MPPT) step-up converter is to decouple a performance of a first local energy production unit from separate local energy production units coupled to the network high voltage bus. 8. The system of claim 2, wherein the parameter data from the local energy production units comprises one or more of current, voltage, temperature, and panel identification code. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein the management unit is to transmit power-on and power-off signals to the link modules via the network high voltage bus to power-on and power-off individual local energy production units. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein the one or more of the local energy production units comprise a local power-on and power-off control. 11. The system of claim 2, wherein the management unit is coupled to computer network is coupled to a World Wide Web (WWW), and further includes a web page accessible via the WWW providing access to one or more of parameter data, unit performance, unit failure, system efficiency, power generation information, and individual control of the local energy production units. 12. The system of claim 2, wherein the network high voltage bus comprises a set of conductors to transmit data and control signals, and deliver power. 13. The system of claim 2, wherein the management unit is to receive parameter data from one or more consumers of energy. 14. The system of claim 13, wherein the management unit is to control delivery of electrical energy to one or more consumers of energy based on parameter data received from one or more consumers of energy. 15. A method comprising: a management unit receiving parameter data from a set of set of link modules, with each link module coupled to a separate local energy production unit, each link module including a Maximum Power Point Tracking (MPPT) step-up converter and a parameter monitoring unit producing the parameter data for the respective local energy production unit, and the local energy production units coupled to a high voltage power line to deliver produced electrical energy to a consumer of the energy; the management unit sending control signals to the link modules, providing individual operational control of the local energy production units; and the management unit communicating with one or more separate computers, providing the computers with access to the parameter data and control of the local energy production units. 16. The method of claim 15, further comprising receiving the parameter data and sending the control signals on a network bus and the high voltage power line joined on a common wire providing a network high voltage bus. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein the consumer of energy is one of a, grid tied inverter, battery storage unit, a non grid tied inverter, charge controller, plug-in hybrid automobile, electric car, and a second network high voltage bus. 18. The method of claim 16, wherein one or more of the local energy production units is at least one of a photovoltaic panel, wind turbine, fuel cells, and hydroelectric turbine. 19. The method of claim 16, wherein the method further comprises the (MPPT) step-up converter decoupling a performance of a first local energy production unit from separate local energy production units coupled to the network high voltage bus. 20. A computer readable medium having stored thereon a set of instructions, which when executed perform a method comprising: a management unit receiving parameter data from a set of set of link modules, with each link module coupled to a separate local energy production unit, each link module including a Maximum Power Point Tracking (MPPT) step-up converter and a parameter monitoring unit producing the parameter data for the respective local energy production unit, and the local energy production units coupled to a high voltage power line to deliver produced electrical energy to a consumer of the energy; the management unit sending control signals to the link modules, providing individual operational control of the local energy production units; and the management unit communicating with one or more separate computers, providing the computers with access to the parameter data and control of the local energy production units. 