Systems and methods of providing power as it is generated at a consumer's premises, the method comprising: providing at least one locally based renewable power system to a consumer; storing the power system's characteristics in a database; determining the consumer's customer variables; monitoring the consumer's customer usage to provide an actual customer usage; determining power system's available incentives; determining the aggregate cost of the power system; determining the break even point of the power system according to a discount rate, amortization period and aggregate cost of the power system; determining the consumers monthly payment according to the consumer's customer variables, the actual customer usage, break even point and the aggregate cost; and billing the consumer the consumers monthly payment.
Claims 1. A method of providing power as it is generated at a consumer's premises, said method comprising: providing at least one locally based renewable power system to a consumer; storing said at least one locally based renewable power system's characteristics in a database; determining said consumer's customer variables; determining the aggregate cost of said at least one locally based renewable power system; determining the break even point of said at least one locally based renewable power system according to a discount rate and fees, amortization period of said at least one locally based renewable power system and said aggregate cost of said at least one locally based renewable power system; determining the consumers monthly payment on an ongoing basis according to said consumer's customer variables, said break even point and said aggregate cost; and billing said consumer said consumers monthly payment. 2. A method as in claim 1, further comprising the step of: monitoring said consumer's customer variables to provide an actual customer variable; and adjusting said consumers monthly payment according to said actual customer variable. 3. A method as in claim 1, further comprising the step of: determining said at least one locally based renewable power system's available incentives; adjusting said consumers monthly payment according to said actual customer variable. 4. A method as in claim 1, wherein said at least one locally based renewable power system's characteristics are selected from the group consisting of initial power system cost, component cost, installation costs, total wattage, average sunny days per year, average prime sunlight hours per day, monthly generation estimates, current usage of electricity and estimated percentage generation for net metering. 5. A method as in claim 1, wherein said consumer's customer variables are selected from the group consisting of local weather, current energy usage, desirable temperature, percentage used during sunlight hours, percentage used during peak hours, temperature zones and local utility policies on net metering, current utility costs during peak hours, current utility cost during off peak hours and client payment for system. 6. A method as in claim 1, wherein said at least one locally based renewable power system is selected from the group consisting of solar system, solar panel system, photovoltaic, thermal, wind powered, geothermal, hydropower. 7. A method as in claim 1, wherein said at least one locally based renewable power system's available incentives are selected from the group consisting of state, federal, local and equipment. 8. A method as in claim 1, further comprising the step of: monitoring said system from a remote location. 9. A method as in claim 1, further comprising the step of: Generating an alert when said customer variables are a prescribed percentage different than historical averages. 10. A method as in claim 1, further comprising the step of: monitoring and storing said consumer's customer variables, said break even point and said aggregate cost. 11. A method as in claim 1, further comprising the step of: remotely changing at least one of said consumer's customer variables according to said consumer's desired consumer monthly payment. 12. A method as in claim 1, further comprising at least one third party owner, wherein said third party owner owns said at least one locally based renewable power system and leases said at least one locally based renewable power system to said consumer. 13. A method as in claim 1, further comprising at least one third party owner, wherein said third party owner owns said at least one locally based renewable power system and leases said at least one locally based renewable power system to a third party financer. 14. A method as in claim 1, further comprising the step of: selling energy from said at least one locally based renewable power system to a recipient; receiving income from said recipient; adjusting said customer variables including usage and adjusting said consumers monthly payment. 15. A method of providing power as it is generated at a consumer's premises, said method comprising: providing at least one locally based renewable power system to a consumer; storing said at least one locally based renewable power system's characteristics in a database; determining said consumer's customer variables including actual customer usage; determining said at least one locally based renewable power system's available incentives; determining the consumers monthly payment according to said consumer's actual customer usage and said available incentives; and monitoring said consumer's customer usage on an ongoing basis to provide an actual customer usage; billing said consumer said consumers monthly payment 16. A method as in claim 15, wherein said step of determining the consumers monthly payment is further according to said actual customer usage, said break even point and said aggregate cost. 17. A method as in claim 15, wherein said at least one locally based renewable power system's characteristics are selected from the group consisting of initial power system cost, component cost, installation costs, total wattage, average sunny days per year, average prime sunlight hours per day, monthly generation estimates, current usage of electricity and estimated percentage generation for net metering. 18. A method as in claim 15, wherein said consumer's customer variables are selected from the group consisting of local weather, current energy usage, desirable temperature, percentage used during sunlight hours, percentage used during peak hours, temperature zones and local utility policies on net metering, current utility costs during peak hours, current utility cost during off peak hours and client payment for system. 19. A method as in claim 15, wherein said at least one locally based renewable power system is selected from the group consisting of solar system, solar panel system, photovoltaic, thermal, wind powered, geothermal and hydropower. 20. A method as in claim 15, wherein said at least one locally based renewable power system's available incentives are selected from the group consisting of state, federal, local and equipment. 21. A method as in claim 15, further comprising the step of: monitoring said system from a remote location. 22. A method as in claim 15, further comprising the step of: generating an alert when said customer variables are a prescribed percentage different than historical averages. 23. A method as in claim 15, further comprising the step of: monitoring and storing said consumer's customer variables, said break even point and said aggregate cost. 24. A method as in claim 15, further comprising the step of: remotely changing at least one of said consumer's customer variables according to said consumer's desired consumer monthly payment. 25. A method as in claim 15, further comprising at least one third party owner, wherein said third party owner owns said at least one locally based renewable power system and leases said at least one locally based renewable power system to said consumer. 26. A method as in claim 15, further comprising the step of: selling energy from said at least one locally based renewable power system to a recipient; receiving income from said recipient; and adjusting said consumers monthly payment. 27. A system for providing power at a consumer's premises and billing said consumer according to usage, said system comprising: at least one locally based renewable power system at a consumer's location, wherein said at least one locally based renewable power system has power system characteristics and available incentives and said locally based renewable power system characteristics and said available incentives are stored in a database; a set of customer variables, wherein said customer variables are maintained in a database; a central processing unit in communication with said database, wherein said central processing unit determines a break even point of said at least one locally based renewable power system according to a discount rate, amortization period of said at least one locally based renewable power system and said database determines the consumers monthly payment according to said consumer's customer variables, said break even point and provides billing to said consumer according to said consumers monthly payment. 28. A system as in claim 27, wherein said at least one locally based renewable power system's characteristics are selected from the group consisting of initial power system cost, component cost, installation costs, total wattage, average sunny days per year, average prime sunlight hours per day, monthly generation estimates, current usage of electricity and estimated percentage generation for net metering. 29. A method as in claim 27, wherein said consumer's customer variables are selected from the group consisting of local weather, current energy usage, desirable temperature, percentage used during sunlight hours, percentage used during peak hours, temperature zones and local utility policies on net metering, current utility costs during peak hours, current utility cost during off peak hours and client payment for system. 30. A system as in claim 27, wherein said at least one locally based renewable power system is selected from the group consisting of solar system, solar panel system, photovoltaic, thermal, wind powered, geothermal and hydropower. 31. A system as in claim 27, wherein said at least one locally based renewable power system's available incentives are selected from the group consisting of state, federal, local and equipment. 32. A system as in claim 27, further comprising: a communication means, wherein said communication means is in communication with said locally based renewable power system and said database and said central processing unit. 33. A system as in claim 27, further comprising: a power system device controller, wherein said power system device controller is in communication with said communication means. 34. A system as in claim 27, further comprising at least one third party owner, wherein said third party owner owns said at least one locally based renewable power system and leases said at least one locally based renewable power system to said consumer. 35. A system as in claim 27, further comprising at least one recipient, wherein said consumer sells any excess energy from a locally based renewable power system to a recipient, said consumer receives income from said recipient; and said consumers monthly payment. 36. A system as in claim 27, further comprising the step of: determining the aggregate cost of said at least one locally based renewable power system; determining the consumers monthly payment according to said aggregate cost, said consumer's customer variables including actual usage, said break even point; and providing billing to said consumer according to said consumers monthly payment. 