A method, system, and associated identification device for identification of an entity, such as a passport for identification of national citizens. The identification device includes: a) a display for displaying a photo and other identification data relating to the entity; b) a wireless communication part operable to receive data queries and transmit data wirelessly. The wireless communication portion includes: i) an antenna operable at a low radio frequency not exceeding 1 megahertz; ii) a transceiver operatively connected to said antenna and operable to transmit and receive data at the aforesaid low radio frequency; iii) a data storage device operable to store data including identification data for identifying the entity; iv) a data processor operable to process data received from the transceiver and the data storage device and to send data to cause the transceiver to emit an identification signal based upon the identification data stored in the data storage device; and v) an energy source operable for activating said transceiver and said data processor. The energy source is selected from a rechargeable battery, a replaceable battery, a solar cell, a pair of electrical connectors connectable to a mating pair of connectors extending to a power supply, and a tag energization antenna operable to receive radio frequency energy from an ambient radio frequency field of a second radio frequency.
Claims 1. An identification device for identifying an entity, said identification device comprising: a) a visual display portion operable to display identification data relating to the entity; b) a wireless communication part operable to receive data queries and transmit data wirelessly in response to the data queries, said wireless communication part comprising: i) an antenna operable at a low radio frequency not exceeding 1 megahertz; ii) a transceiver operatively connected to said antenna, said transceiver being operable to transmit and receive data at said low radio frequency; iii) a data storage device operable to store data comprising identification data for identifying the entity; iv) a data processor operable to process data received from said transceiver and said data storage device and to send data for causing said transceiver to emit an identification signal based upon said identification data stored in said data storage device; and v) an energy source operable for activating said transceiver and said data processor. 2. The identification device of claim 1, wherein said energy source comprises a rechargeable battery. 3. The identification device of claim 1, wherein said energy source comprises a replaceable battery. 4. The identification device of claim 1, wherein said energy source comprises a solar cell. 5. The identification device of claim 1, said energy source comprising a pair of electrical connectors connectable to a mating pair of connectors extending to a power supply. 6. The identification device of claim 1, said energy source comprising a tag energization antenna operable to receive radio frequency energy from an ambient radio frequency field of a second radio frequency. 7. The identification device of claim 1, said identification device comprising identification data of a national citizen, said visual display part comprising a photographic image of the citizen together with textual information relating thereto. 8. The identification device of claim 1, wherein said data storage device is operable to store a temporal history of data queries that have been received by said identification device. 9. The identification device of claim 8, wherein said data processor is programmed to cause said transceiver to automatically transmit said temporal history at said low radio frequency upon receipt by said transceiver of a data signal that corresponds to said identification data stored at said data storage device. 10. The identification device of claim 1, wherein said wireless communication part comprises: a clock operable to emit clock signals, said data processor operable to receive said clock signals and programmed to encrypt the stored data in response to the received data and said clock signals for transmission by the transceiver as encrypted data, said energy source operable for activating said clock. 11. The identification device of claim 1 wherein the identification device further comprises: at least one sensor located on the front of the identification device, the at least one sensor for detecting a condition which may affect the entity associated with the identification device. 12. The identification device of claim 1 wherein a front surface of the identification device is gently curved to form an ellipse for providing a continuous surface for affixing an adhesive to hold the identification device securely on the entity, the elliptical shape also for eliminating sharp edges; and wherein a back surface of the identification device is a planar surface for making full contact with the entity once it is secured onto the entity. 13. The identification device of claim 12 further comprising: a plurality of buttons located on the back surface, the buttons formed of a compliant material which is easily deformed and with sufficient tensile strength such that the buttons can acquire their original shape after deformation; the buttons, when depressed, confirm that the identification device is affixed to the entity. 14. The identification device of claim 13 wherein the buttons comprise identifying characters associated with each button such that the buttons can be used to input data by depressing the buttons in a certain sequence. 15. The identification device of claim 1 further comprising: an adhesive attachment film for affixing the identification device to the entity. 16. A method for monitoring identification data relating to an entity, comprising steps of: A) providing an entity with an identification device, said identification device comprising: a) a display for displaying identification data relating to the individual; b) a wireless communication part operable to receive data queries and transmit data wirelessly, said wireless communication portion comprising: i) an antenna operable at a low radio frequency not exceeding 1 megahertz; ii) a transceiver operatively connected to said antenna, said transceiver being operable to transmit and receive data at said low radio frequency; iii) a data storage device operable to store data comprising identification data for identifying said entity; iv) a data processor operable to process data received from said transceiver and said data storage device and to send data to cause said transceiver to emit an identification signal based upon said identification data stored in said data storage device; v) a clock operable to emit clock signals, said data processor being operable to receive said clock signals and being programmed to encrypt the stored data in response to the received data and said clock signals for transmission by the transceiver as encrypted data; and vi) an energy source operable for activating said transceiver, said clock and said data processor; B) sending said received data as a data query to said identification device; and C) thereafter receiving said encrypted data and searching a database therewith. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein said identification device is a passport. 18. A system for monitoring identification data relating to an entity, said system comprising: A) an identification device comprising: 1) a display for displaying identification data relating to the entity; 2) a wireless communication part operable to receive data queries and transmit data wirelessly, said wireless communication part comprising: a) an antenna operable at a low radio frequency not exceeding 1 megahertz; b) a transceiver operatively connected to said antenna, said transceiver being operable to transmit and receive data at said low radio frequency; c) a data storage device operable to store data comprising identification data for identifying said entity; d) a data processor operable to process data received from said transceiver and said data storage device and to send data to cause said transceiver to emit an identification signal based upon said identification data stored in said data storage device; e) a clock operable to emit clock signals, said data processor being operable to receive said clock signals and being programmed to encrypt the stored data in response to the received data and said clock signals for transmission by the transceiver as encrypted data; and f) an energy source operable for activating said transceiver, said clock and said data processor; B) at least one field communication antenna disposed within a distance from each identification device that permits effective communication therewith at said low radio frequency; C) a reader in operative communication with said field communication antenna, said reader operable to receive encrypted data from said identification device; D) a transmitter in operative communication with said field antenna, said transmitter operable to send a data query to said identification device; and E) a central data processor in operative communication with said reader and transmitter to transmit a data query and thereafter receive said encrypted data and to cause search of a database therewith. 19. The system of claim 18, wherein each identification device comprises an identification document, and wherein the field communication antenna comprises a large loop arranged to encircle a plurality of entities each bearing the identification document. 20. The system of claim 19, said energy source comprising a tag energization antenna operable to receive radio frequency energy from an ambient radio frequency field of a second radio frequency, said system comprising a field energization antenna operable to produce said ambient radio frequency at the tag energization antenna of said entity. 