A package deposit enclosure designed for public use is powered by an efficient storage battery and photovoltaic cell array. These unique features allow the package deposit enclosure to be placed in locations where no power is available, but where there is frequent human traffic. Sensing and wireless data communication features allow the unit to be emptied less often than typical package delivery enclosures. Wireless communication also allows users' access to real-time information. On board power enables other functions, such as lighting and audio, to enhance device functionality.
Claims 1. A storage container comprising: an enclosure; and a storage battery located proximatly to said enclosure and electrically connected to a controlling component, said controlling component to monitor and control functions performed by electrical components of said storage container. 2. The storage container of claim 1, wherein a photovoltaic panel is connected to said enclosure, said photovoltaic panel electrically connected to said storage battery, and positioned to be exposed to sunlight, to convert said sunlight into electric power. 3. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said controlling component is programmed to engage sensors to sense contents of said enclosure. 4. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said controlling component disengages said sensors when an operating voltage output from the photovoltaic panel or storage battery is below a threshold. 5. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said controlling component disengages energy outputs when controlling component determines that said storage battery is losing performance over time. 6. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said controlling component disengages said sensors, to reduce energy consumption, when said sensors are not needed to perform their functions. 7. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said controlling component is programmed to engage sensors to sense contents of chambers which hold stocked items within one or more compartments in said enclosure. 8. The storage container of claim 7 wherein said sensors sense envelopes and other packaging materials. 9. The storage container of claim 7 wherein said sensors sense address labels and other mailing materials. 10. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said controlling component is programmed to engage sensors to sense movement of said enclosure. 11. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said controlling component is programmed to engage a wireless transmitter. 12. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said controlling component is programmed to disengage a wireless transmitter to reduce energy use. 13. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said controlling component is programmed to engage a wireless transmitter to send a warning message when controlling component senses that battery is below a threshold. 14. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said controlling component is programmed to engage a wireless receiver to receive a message. 15. The storage container of claim 14 wherein said controlling component is programmed to display a message when said wireless receiver receives a message. 16. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said controlling component is programmed to engage or disengage a geographical tracking system. 17. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said photovoltaic panel is affixed flexibly to said enclosure to prevent damage from movements. 18. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said photovoltaic panel is covered by a protective coating. 19. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said controlling component regulates voltage and current. 20. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said controlling component reduces clock speed when sensing components are not being actuated. 21. The storage container of claim 1 further comprising a plurality of indicator lights. 22. The storage container of claim 1 further comprising a visual sensor said visual sensor determining the presence of materials in said enclosure. 23. The storage container of claim 22 wherein said visual sensor further comprises a mirror system. 24. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said controlling component powers a sensor when items are introduced into said enclosure. 25. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said controlling component disables unused circuits connected to said battery. 26. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said controlling component disables unused circuits within said controlling component. 27. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said controlling component regulates a battery charger, said battery charger being disabled when solar power is insufficient enough to charge said storage battery. 28. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said controlling component selects said storage battery as a source of energy. 29. The storage container of claim 2 wherein said controlling component selects said photovoltaic panel as a source of energy. 30. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said controlling component monitors and tracks operation voltage. 31. The storage container of claim 1 further comprising an energy generator, said energy generator driven by movement of an access door of said enclosure. 32. The storage container of claim 31 wherein the energy generator comprises a piezoelectric element. 33. The storage container of claim 31 wherein the energy generator comprises a flywheel. 34. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said controlling component engages a relay activating a wireless transmitter when said controlling component needs to transmit and/or receive a signal. 35. The storage container of claim 34 wherein said controlling component engages a relay activating a wireless transmitter when said controlling component needs to transmit a signal that the battery is low. 36. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said controlling component engages a relay to activate an explosive detector. 37. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said controlling component engages a relay to activate voice recognition device. 38. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said controlling component engages a relay to activate an audio speaker. 39. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said controlling component engages a relay to activate a barcode scanner. 40. The storage container of claim 1 wherein said controlling component engages a relay to activate an on/off button. 41. The storage container of claim 1 further comprising: an information panel affixed to said enclosure. 42. The storage container of claim 41 wherein said information panel is a lighted sign. 43. The storage container of claim 41 wherein said information panel is a scrolling panel. 44. The storage container of claim 41 wherein said controlling component engages a relay to activate said information panel. 45. A storage container comprising: an enclosure; a photovoltaic panel located on an angled upper exterior surface of said enclosure, said photovoltaic panel positioned to be exposed to sunlight, to convert said received sunlight into electric power; a storage battery, located within said enclosure and electrically connected to said photovoltaic panel; a controlling component, electrically connected to said storage battery, to monitor and control sensors and a transmitter/receiver, wherein said controlling component will skip functions when said storage battery is undercharged until an adequate charge has been attained; sensors located within said enclosure and electrically connected to said controlling component, said sensors located within said enclosure, wherein items introduced into said enclosure by an access door settle into said enclosure, said sensors to detect the presence of materials within said enclosure; said controlling component to actuate said transmitter to signal presence of materials in said enclosure; said receiver to actuate said display to signal to users the next collection of the contents of the enclosure; and a bin access door located on said enclosure to allow insertion and removal of said removable bin from said enclosure. 46. The storage container of claim 45, wherein said controlling component receives signals from a photoelectric sensor, providing an indication that said bin is full of items. 