A photovoltaic (PV) module includes a plurality of PV cells and a plurality of reconfigurable interconnects which electrically interconnect the plurality of PV cells.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic (PV) module, comprising: a plurality of PV cells; and a plurality of reconfigurable interconnects which electrically interconnect the plurality of PV cells. 2. The module of claim 1, wherein the module comprises a mechanically flexible, large area module. 3. The module of claim 1, wherein the plurality of interconnects comprise a reconfigurable circuit which in operation collects current from the plurality of PV cells. 4. The module of claim 3, wherein in operation, the interconnection is reconfigured between the plurality of PV cells to optimize at least one of module output current, voltage, frequency or power. 5. The module of claim 3, wherein in operation, the interconnection is reconfigured between the plurality of PV cells to maximize module output power by accommodating underperforming or overperforming PV cells or isolating non-functioning PV cells. 6. The module of claim 3, wherein in operation, the interconnection is reconfigured between the plurality of PV cells to match inverter requirements across varied light conditions. 7. The module of claim 3, further comprising: a detector, which in operation, monitors performance of the plurality of the PV cells; and a control device, which in operation, controls reconfiguration of the interconnection between the plurality of PV cells based on information provided by the detector regarding performance of the plurality of PV cells. 8. The module of claim 3, wherein the circuit comprises a plurality of switching elements which in operation electrically connect or disconnect the plurality of PV cells to or from each other, or which electrically connect or disconnect the plurality of PV cells to or from one or more interconnects. 9. The module of claim 3, further comprising: an electrically insulating laminating material located over the plurality of PV cells; and at least one conductive bridge containing at least a portion which is located over the laminating material and which interconnects at least two PV cells through one or more openings in the laminating material. 10. The module of claim 3, wherein the circuit comprises at least one screw terminal, mini-junction box or universal connector which in operation reconfigures the interconnection between the plurality of PV cells. 11. The module of claim 3, wherein the circuit comprises at least one interconnect containing a break formed after the module is completed. 12. The module of claim 3, further comprising an insulating sheet containing a predetermined configuration of openings, such that mating conductive traces from opposite sides of adjacent PV cells contact each other through the openings. 13. The module of claim 1, further comprising: a first conductive bus line and a second conductive bus line of opposite polarity to the first conductive bus line, wherein the first and the second conductive bus lines extended around a periphery of the module; and a junction box or output leads located in electrical contact with the first and the second conductive bus lines at a predetermined peripheral location of the module. 14. The module of claim 1, further comprising: a first set of electrically conductive traces; a second set of electrically conductive traces; a first electrically conductive bridge connecting the first and the second sets of traces at a first location; a second electrically conductive bridge containing a break positioned at a second location different from the first location; and a junction box or output leads located in electrical contact with the first and the second set of traces at the second location. 15. The module of claim 1, further comprising a collector-connector which comprises an electrically insulating carrier and the plurality of flexible interconnects formed on the insulating carrier, wherein the collector-connector is configured to collect current from a first photovoltaic cell and to electrically connect the first photovoltaic cell with a second photovoltaic cell. 16. The module of claim 1, further comprising a plurality of bypass diodes located in breaks in the plurality of flexible interconnects. 17. A method of making a PV module, comprising: providing a sheet of repeating, interconnected PV cells; separating a PV module from the sheet, wherein the module is configured to have a plurality of output locations; and attaching output leads or a junction box in some but not all of the plurality of output locations. 18. A method of operating a PV module comprising a plurality of PV cells and a plurality interconnects which electrically interconnect the plurality of PV cells, the method comprising reconfiguring interconnection between the plurality of PV cells after fabrication of the PV module is completed. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein the interconnection between the plurality of PV cells is reconfigured to at least one of: (a) optimize at least one of module output current, voltage, frequency or power; (b) maximize module output power by accommodating underperforming or overperforming PV cells or isolating non-functioning PV cells; or (c) match inverter requirements across varied light conditions. 20. The method of claim 18, further comprising: monitoring performance of the plurality of the PV cells; and controlling the reconfiguration of the interconnection between the plurality of PV cells based on the performance of the plurality of PV cells. 21. The method of claim 18, wherein the step of reconfiguring comprises operating at least one switching device to electrically connect or disconnect the plurality of PV cells to or from each other, or to electrically connect or disconnect the plurality of PV cells to or from one or more bus lines. 22. The method of claim 18, wherein the step of reconfiguring comprises: forming at least one opening in an electrically insulating laminating material located over the plurality of PV cells; and forming least one conductive bridge over the laminating material to interconnect at least two PV cells through the at least one opening in the laminating material. 23. The method of claim 18, wherein the step of reconfiguring comprises electrically, optically or mechanically forming at least one break in at least one interconnect. 24. The method of claim 18, further comprising: providing the module containing a first conductive bus line and a second conductive bus line of opposite polarity to the first conductive bus line, wherein the first and the second conductive bus lines extended around a periphery of the module; and placing a junction box or output leads in electrical contact with the first and the second conductive bus lines at a desired peripheral location of the module. 25. The method of claim 18, further comprising: providing the module comprising a first set of electrically conductive traces, a second set of electrically conductive traces, a first electrically conductive bridge connecting the first and the second sets of traces at a first location, and a second electrically conductive bridge positioned at a second location different from the first location; breaking the second bridge; and placing junction box or output leads located in electrical contact with the first and the second set of traces at the second location. 26. The method of claim 18, wherein the step of reconfiguring comprises permanently reconfiguring the interconnection. 27. The method of claim 18, further comprising reversibly reconfiguring the interconnection between the plurality of PV cells a plurality of times. 28. A method of making a PV module, comprising: forming a plurality of back side electrodes over a substrate; forming a plurality of PV cells, wherein each PV cell electrically contacts a respective one of the plurality of back side electrodes; forming a predetermined configuration of openings in an insulating sheet based on desired module interconnect characteristics; placing the insulating sheet over the plurality of PV cells, such that the plurality of PV cells and portions of some of the plurality of the back side electrodes are exposed in the openings; and forming a front side electrode layer over the insulating sheet, such that the front side electrode layer electrically contacts the plurality of PV cells and portions of some of the plurality of the back side electrodes exposed in the openings. 29. A PV module, comprising: a plurality of PV cells; a plurality interconnects which electrically interconnect the plurality of PV cells; and a first means for reconfiguring interconnection between the plurality of PV cells after fabrication of the PV module is completed. 30. The module of claim 29, wherein the first means reconfigures the interconnection between the plurality of PV cells to at least one of: (a) optimize at least one of module output current, voltage, frequency or power; (b) maximize module output power by accommodating underperforming or overperforming PV cells or isolating non-functioning PV cells; or (c) match inverter requirements across varied light conditions. 31. The module of claim 29, further comprising: a second means for monitoring performance of the plurality of the PV cells; and a third means for controlling the reconfiguration of the interconnection between the plurality of PV cells by the first means based on information provided by the second means regarding performance of the plurality of PV cells. 