A device (1) for feeding electrical energy from an energy source with variable source voltage into an electric power supply network (15), said device (1) including a transformer (112) for galvanic isolation, a resonant inverter (11) with semi-conductor switches (a-d; A, B), one or several resonant capacitors (17; 18, 19; 20, 21) and one rectifier (113), is: intended to provide high efficiency and have galvanic isolation. This is achieved in that the resonant inverter (11) is operated in the full resonant mode if the operating voltage is in an operation point (MPP) and in the hard-switching mode if the voltages exceed the operation point (MPP).
Claims 1. A device (1) for feeding electrical energy from an energy source with variable source voltage into an electric power supply network (15), said device (1) including a transformer (112) for galvanic isolation, a resonant inverter (11) with semi-conductor switches (a-d; A, B), one or several resonant capacitors (17; 18, 19; 20, 21) and one rectifier (113), characterized in that the resonant inverter (11) is operated in the full resonant mode if the operating voltage is in an operation point (MPP) and in the hard-switching mode if the voltages exceed the operation point (MPP). 2. The device as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that the operation point is an MPP point. 3. The device as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that, in the operation point (MPP), the semi-conductor switches (a-d; A, B) of the resonant inverter (111) are operated with a duty cycle that is more than half a period of the resonance frequency of an oscillating circuit consisting of the resonant capacitor(s) and of a transformer leakage inductance, at pulse widths ranging between 30 and 50% of the period of the pulse frequency, so that a voltage at an intermediate circuit capacitor (12) will not fall below a minimum value needed for feeding the network (15), even if the voltage (MPP) of the energy source adopts a minimum value imposed by the device, and that, if the voltages of the energy source are higher than the (MPP) voltage, said semi-conductor switches are operated at pulse widths of between zero and 50% so that the voltage at the intermediate circuit capacitor (12) will not exceed a maximum value given by the electric strength of the semi-conductors (a-d, A, B) of the regen-capable inverter (13), even if the voltage of the energy source is higher than the (MPP) voltage. 4. The device as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that semi-conductor switches of the same electric strength are used in the resonant inverter (11) and in the regen-capable inverter (13). 5. The device as set forth in claim 1, characterized by an implementation such that, in the hard-switching operation above the operation point (MPP), a transformer current of the transformer (112) consists of sine-wave portions. 6. The device as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that the transformer (112) is a high-frequency transformer (112) and is operated at a frequency that is higher than the frequency of the energy supply network (15). 7. The device as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that a high-frequency inverter (111), which is part of the resonant inverter (11) and comprises the semi-conductor switches (a-d; A, B), more specifically MOS transistors, IGBT's, GTO's, is mounted upstream of the transformer (112). 8. The device as set forth in claim 3, characterized in that the regen-capable inverter (13) is a one-phase or a three-phase inverter. 9. The device as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that the resonant inverter (11) comprises a full bridge. 10. The device as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that the resonant inverter (11) comprises a half-bridge. 11. The device as set forth in claim 10, characterized in that the resonant inverter (11) is devised as a centre tap connection. 12. The device as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that the rectifier (113) is devised as a half-bridge. 13. The device as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that at least one resonant capacitor (18, 19) is connected in series or in parallel with a resonant circuit with respect to the primary winding of the transformer (112). 14. A device for feeding electrical energy as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that a resonant capacitor (20, 21) is connected in series or in parallel with the secondary winding of the transformer (112). 15. The device as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that the capacitors (18, 19) of a half-bridge located on the primary side of the transformer (112) are utilized as resonant capacitors. 16. The device as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that the capacitors (20, 21) of a secondary side half-bridge are utilized as resonant capacitors. 17. The device as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that a high-frequency inverter (111), the transformer (112) and the rectifier (113) form a resonant converter that is a DC/DC converter, the natural frequency formed by one or more resonant capacitors (17; 18, 19; 20, 21) of a leakage inductance of the transformer (112) being higher than a switching frequency of the resonant inverter (11) in order to minimize the switching losses in the semi-conductor switches (a-d; A, B) of the resonant converter (11) as compared to a hard-switching mode of operation. 18. A device for feeding electrical energy as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that a leakage inductance of the transformer (112) is complemented by one or several additional inductances in order to achieve a desired resonance frequency. 19. The device as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that, on the primary side, several resonant inverters (11) are mounted in parallel at the energy source and, on the secondary side, are connected to a common intermediate circuit capacitor (12), the discrete resonant converters being clocked at different times. 20. The device as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that the resonant inverter (11) is connected to a regen-capable inverter (13). 21. A system with a device as set forth in claim 1 and with the energy source, characterized in that the energy source is solar generator (10), a fuel cell, a battery, a wind power plant with a permanent-magnet generator, a combustion engine with a permanent-magnet generator or a water power plant with a permanent-magnet generator (PM-generator). 22. Use of a device as set forth in claim 1, in a public energy supply network supplying a plurality of consumers or an island network with one or several consumers. 23. A method of operating a device as set forth in claim 1, the energy source of which is a photovoltaic solar generator with at least one MPP of a solar generator characteristic line, the resonant inverter (11) being operated in the full resonant mode in the MPP and in the hard-switching mode when the voltage exceeds the MPP. 24. The device as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that high-performance semi-conductors capable of being switched off are mounted in parallel with the diodes D5 through D8 of the resonant rectifier (113) so that the circuit may be operated in both directions if the energy source is an energy accumulator, e.g., a battery. 