This invention deals with novel method and apparatus for positioning and motion control of the optical elements (mirrors and lenses) of a Fresnel solar concentrator tracking array which approximately eliminates gravitational torque by use of a central universal pivot or gimbals. Linkage torque is produced by induced and/or permanent dipole coupling to an electronic grid to produce angular deflection, and rotational motion that is enhanced by the presence of highly polarizable material. This system is ideally suited for maximization of solar energy focused by the array onto a receiver. Since there are no mechanical linkages, the instant invention is applicable for fabrication from the mini- to the nano-technology realm. The elimination of gravitational torque by balancing the optical elements on a universal pivot or gimbals greatly reduces the power required for the optical elements to track the sun and focus sunlight onto a receiver.
Claims 1. A solar concentrator system comprising a) an array of adjustable optical elements; b) said optical elements mounted on at least one centered pivot; c) said pivot mounted near the center of mass of each optical element; d) said optical elements coupled to an electronic control grid; e) said control grid activated by a digital processor; f) dipole linkage with the control grid to rotate said optical elements; g) said optical elements actively track and focus sunlight; and h) a receiver that accepts said sunlight for energy conversion. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said dipole is at least one of the group of induced and permanent dipoles. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said pivot is a universal pivot. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said pivot is at least one gimbal. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said optical elements are at least one of the group of mirrors and lenses. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said optical elements are attached to a polarizable material of dielectric constant greater than 4. 7. A method of concentrating light comprising the steps of a) placing moveable optical elements in the form of a Fresnel concentrator array; b) mounting said optical elements on at least one universal pivot; c) said universal pivot mounted near the center of mass of each optical element; d) dipole coupling said optical elements to an electronic control grid; e) activating said control grid by a processor; f) linking said dipoles to said grid; g) tracking and focusing said light with said optical elements; and h) receiving said light. 8. The method of claim 7, wherein said dipole is at least one of the group of induced and permanent dipoles. 9. The method of claim 7, wherein said optical elements are mirrors. 10. The method of claim 7, wherein said optical elements are lenses. 11. The method of claim 7, wherein said optical elements are attached to a polarizable material of dielectric constant greater than 4. 12. The method of claim 7, wherein said optical elements are covered by a transparent sheet. 13. A concentrator apparatus comprising: a) an array of optical elements; b) said optical elements mounted on at least one central pivot; c) said optical elements coupled to an electronic control grid; d) said control grid activated by a digital processor; e) processor voltage signal means for establishing the linkage for selectively aligning said planar mirrors; f) dipole linkage to rotate said optical elements; g) said linkage producing a rotational torque; h) at least one of said optical elements coupled to said linkage; i) said torque producing an alignment of said optical elements to track and focus light onto a receiver; and j) a receiver for receipt of the concentrated light. 14. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein said central pivot is a universal pivot. 15. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein said central pivot is a gimbal. 16. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein said optical elements are contained in a fluid consisting of at least one of the group of vacuum, oil, and gas. 17. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein said optical elements are mirrors. 18. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein said optical elements are lenses. 19. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein said optical elements contain at least one of the group of a solid of material with dielectric constant greater than 3 and a liquid with dielectric constant greater than 3. 20. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein said optical elements are covered by a transparent sheet. 