A gutter and sheeting material holding device comprises an elongated body having a bottom wall, and side walls extending from opposed sides of the bottom wall. The bottom and side walls define a gutter for channelling a liquid. Sheet holding channels are provided at a distal end of the side walls. Wedges are inserted into the sheet holding channels for anchoring sheets or membranes to the side walls of the gutter.
Claims 1. A periodically shieldable solar structure comprising an inner membrane and an outer membrane defining therebetween an internal cavity, a foam generating system for selectively filling said internal cavity with degradable foam, said inner and outer membranes being united along a lower end thereof by a gutter interposed between the inner and outer membranes and defining a top open-ended channel for receiving and channelling the liquid resulting from foam degradation, the gutter having a mounting flange for allowing the gutter to be mounted to a framework of the shieldable solar structure, the gutter further having first and second side walls provided with respective sheet holding means for respectively fixedly anchoring said inner and outer membranes to said first and second side walls of said gutter. 2. The periodically shieldable solar structure defined in claim 1, wherein the first and second opposed side walls each terminate into a female locking part adapted to receive a separate mating insert, the inner and outer membranes being captively retained between the female locking part and the corresponding mating insert. 3. A building structure comprising a double-walled insulation space having a bottom formed by a channel-shaped extrusion interposed between an inner membrane and an outer membrane, the channel-shaped extrusion having a bottom surface and first and second longitudinal side walls extending from said bottom surface, said inner and outer membranes being respectively fixed to said first and second longitudinal side walls. 4. A fastening device for fixing first and second membranes to a framework, comprising a main member adapted to be mounted to the framework, said main member having first and second arms interconnected by a bottom web, said bottom web and said first and second arms forming a gutter, said first and second arms being respectively provided with first and second sheet keeper receiving channels at respective distal end portions thereof relative to said bottom web, said first and second sheet keeper receiving channels being adapted to respectively receive first and second sheet keepers in locking engagement therewithin in order to respectively fixedly hold one end of the first and second membranes in said first and second sheet keeper receiving channels such that the gutter extends between the membranes. 5. A gutter and sheeting material holding device combination comprising an elongated body having a bottom wall, and first and second side walls extending from opposed sides of said bottom wall and defining therewith a channel for channelling a liquid, first and second sheet holding channels respectively provided at a distal end of said first and second side walls, and first and second mating wedges respectively insertable into said first and second sheet holding channels for anchoring first and second sheets to said first and second side walls. 6. A pipe and sheet anchoring arrangement comprising an elongated tubular wall structure having a closed cross-section defining a longitudinal passage for channelling a fluid, and first and second longitudinal channels provided on an outer side of said tubular wall structure, and membrane wedging inserts in locking engagment with said first and second longitudinal channels for anchoring sheets to said pipe. 7. The pipe and sheet anchoring arrangement as defined in claim 6, wherein first and second series of longitudinally spaced-apart holes are defined through the elongated wall structure on opposed sides thereof. 8. The pipe and sheet anchoring arrangement as defined in claim 6, wherein a saddle extends between the first and second channels, the saddle being configured to follow the contour of a framework structure to which the pipe extrusion is to be mounted. 9. The pipe and sheet anchoring arrangement as defined in claim 6, wherein securing legs depend from said first and second channels, and wherein holes are defined in said securing legs for allowing the pipe extrusion to be bolted to the framework structure. 