An RFID system including a battery powered RFID reader configured to detect an RFID tag. The RFID reader include a mounting surface configured to be affixed relative to an external structure, and is capable of being wirelessly coupled to a receiver for transmitting data to the receiver.
Claims 1. A system comprising: An RFID reader configured to detect an RFID tag, the RFID reader comprising a mounting surface configured to be affixed relative to an external structure, the RFID reader capable of being wirelessly coupled to a receiver for transmitting data to the receiver. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the mounting surface is configured to be affixed relative to a shelving system. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein the RFID reader comprises a substantially flat load bearing surface. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the mounting surface is configured to be fixed relative to a conveyor system. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the RFID reader is powered by a battery. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the battery comprises a rechargeable battery. 7. The system of claim 6, further comprising a solar cell capable of at least partially recharging the rechargeable battery. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein the RFID reader is configured to be wirelessly coupled to a second RFID reader. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein the RFID reader is configured to be wirelessly coupled to a server computer. 10. An RFID reader comprising: a housing configured to be affixed relative to an external structure; a communication module capable of wirelessly communicating data to a receiver; and an RFID transceiver capable of detecting an RFID tag. 11. The RFID reader of claim 10, wherein the housing is configured to be affixed to a shelving structure. 12. The RFID reader of claim 11, wherein the housing comprises a substantially flat structure configured to be affixed relative to a shelf. 13. The RFID reader of claim 10, further comprising a battery power source. 14. The RFID reader of claim 13, further comprising a solar cell configured for at least one of at least partially powering at least one of the RFID transceiver and the communication module, or at least partially recharging the battery power source. 15. The RFID reader of claim 10, wherein the communication module is capable of wirelessly transmitting data to a second RFID reader. 16. The RFID reader of claim 10, wherein the communication module is capable of wirelessly transmitting data to a server computer. 17. The RFID reader of claim 10, wherein the RFID transceiver comprises an antenna and an actuator capable of moving the antenna between at least a first and a second position. 18. The RFID reader of claim 10, wherein the housing has an appearance at least partially matching a known brand. 19. The RFID reader of claim 10, wherein the communication module and the RFID transceiver are formed on a common substrate. 20. A shelving system comprising: a least one shelf; an RFID reader associated with the at least one shelf, the RFID reader comprising an RFID transceiver configured to detect an RFID tag, and a communication module capable of wirelessly communicating with a receiver. 21. The shelving system of claim 20, wherein the RFID reader comprises a substantially flat load bearing surface. 22. The shelving system of claim 20, wherein the RFID reader is configured to be affixed relative to a top of the shelf. 23. The shelving system of claim 20, wherein the RFID reader is configured to be wirelessly coupled to a second RFID reader. 24. The shelving system of claim 20, wherein the RFID reader is configured to be wirelessly coupled to a server computer. 25. The shelving system of claim 20, where the RFID reader further comprises a battery power source. 