A fuel cell system comprising a first fuel cell and a second fuel cell is provided. In certain examples, the fuel cell system may be configured to provide an operating variable to monitor fuel cell system performance is disclosed. A fuel cell assembly comprising the fuel cell system and methods of monitoring the fuel cell system are also disclosed.
Claims 1. A fuel cell system configured to provide an operating variable to monitor fuel cell stack performance, the fuel cell system comprising a first fuel cell and a second fuel cell, the first fuel cell configured to receive a lower amount of fuel than the second fuel cell in a first condition to provide an operating variable indicative of fuel cell stack performance. 2. The fuel cell system of claim 1, wherein the operating variable is a voltage difference between the first fuel cell and the second fuel cell. 3. The fuel cell system of claim 1, wherein the operating variable is a voltage output of at least one of the first and second fuel cells. 4. The fuel cell system of claim 1, further comprising a device coupled to at least one of the first fuel cell and the second fuel cell and configured to detect the operating variable to monitor fuel cell stack performance. 5. The fuel cell system of claim 1, further comprising a voltage measurement device coupled to at least one of the first fuel cell and the second fuel cell and configured to provide a voltage measurement as the operating variable to monitor fuel cell stack performance. 6. The fuel cell system of claim 1, wherein the first condition provides a voltage output of the first fuel cell that is compared to a voltage output of the second fuel cell to monitor fuel cell stack performance. 7. The fuel cell system of claim 1, further comprising a device fluidically coupled to the first fuel cell and configured to limit the amount of fuel supplied to the first fuel cell. 8. The fuel cell system of claim 7, in which the device configured to limit the amount of fuel supplied to the first fuel cell is a tube or an orifice plate. 9. The fuel cell system of claim 1, further comprising a fuel source fluidically coupled to the first fuel cell and the second fuel cell. 10. The fuel cell system of claim 9, wherein the fuel source is methanol. 11. The fuel cell system of claim 1, wherein the fuel cell system is configured to provide an operating variable to monitor fuel cell stack performance to limit fuel cell stack performance issues, the fuel cell stack performance issues selected from the group consisting of low concentration of fuel, fuel shortage, carbon dioxide bubble formation, water droplet formation, and combinations thereof. 12. A fuel cell system comprising a controller and a fuel cell stack that comprises a first fuel cell and a second fuel cell, the fuel cell stack configured to provide feedback to the controller regarding fuel cell stack performance after a first condition is induced in the first fuel cell. 13. The fuel cell system of claim 12, wherein the controller adjusts the amount of fuel supplied if the feedback is outside of a threshold range. 14. The fuel cell system of claim 12, wherein the controller adjusts the amount of fuel supplied if the feedback is within a threshold range. 15. The fuel cell system of claim 12, wherein the feedback is a difference between a first fuel cell voltage output and a second fuel cell voltage output, the first condition induced under a decreased amount of fuel supplied to a first fuel cell. 16. A fuel cell assembly comprising: a fuel cell stack comprising a first fuel cell and a second fuel cell; means for reducing the amount of fuel supplied to a first fuel cell; means for measuring an operating variable of the first fuel cell and the second fuel cell; means for comparing the operating variable of the first fuel cell and the second fuel cell; and means for the operating variable of at least one of the first and second fuel cells to maintain the performance of the fuel cell stack. 17. The fuel cell assembly of claim 16, wherein a controller is configured to provide a change in the amount of fuel supplied if the operating variable is outside of a threshold range. 18. The fuel cell assembly of claim 16, wherein a controller is configured to provide a change in the amount of fuel supplied if the operating variable is within a threshold range. 19. The fuel cell assembly of claim 16, wherein a voltage measuring device is coupled to the first fuel cell and the second fuel cell and is configured to provide a voltage measurement of the first fuel cell and the second fuel cell. 20. A method of monitoring performance of a fuel cell stack comprising at least a first fuel cell and a second fuel cell, the method comprising: subjecting the first fuel cell of the fuel cell stack to a first condition resulting in a lower amount of fuel supplied to the first fuel cell; detecting a first voltage output of the first fuel cell of the fuel cell stack at the first condition; and monitoring performance of at least one other fuel cell in the fuel cell stack using the detected, first voltage output. 21. The method of claim 20, further comprising detecting an additional voltage output from the second fuel cell of the fuel cell stack; and comparing the detected, first voltage output and the detected, additional voltage output to assess performance of the fuel cell stack. 22. The method of claim 21, further comprising inducing a second condition in the fuel cell stack in response to the assessed performance. 23. The method of claim 22, in which the second condition comprises adjusting the amount of fuel supplied to the fuel cell stack. 24. The method of claim 21, further comprising controlling the fuel flow of the fuel cell stack based on the detected, first voltage output and the detected, additional voltage output. 25. A method of determining performance of a fuel cell stack, the method comprising limiting fuel supplied to a first fuel cell of the fuel cell stack to induce a performance condition in the first fuel cell to prevent occurrence of the induced performance condition in at least one other fuel cell in the fuel cell stack. 26. The method of claim 25, further comprising measuring a first voltage output of the first fuel cell to determine the performance condition. 27. The method of claim 26, further comprising measuring a second voltage output of a second fuel cell, and comparing the first voltage output and the second voltage output to determine the performance condition. 28. A power system configured to provide a voltage output, the power system comprising a first voltage generating device and a second voltage generating device coupled to the first voltage generating device, wherein the power system is configured to provide an operating variable indicative of poor performance that is used to monitor performance of the power system. 29. The power system of claim 28, wherein at least one of the first and second voltage generating devices is selected from the group consisting of a fuel cell, a photovoltaic cell and battery. 