A UPS includes a first transfer switch, a first battery charger, a second transfer switch, a solar energy absorption board, and a second battery charger. The first transfer switch connects a power source to an electrical device. The first battery charger connects the power source to a storage battery for charging the storage battery. An output of the storage battery is connected to the first transfer switch via an inverter. The first transfer switch controls the storage battery to supply power to the electrical device. The second transfer switch is connected between the first battery charger and the storage battery. The second battery charger connects the solar energy absorption board to the second transfer switch. The second transfer switch controls the power source to charge the storage battery via the first battery charger or the solar energy absorption board to charge the storage battery via the second battery charger.
Claims 1. An uninterrupted power supply (UPS) for supplying power to an electrical device, comprising: a first transfer switch operably connecting a power source to the electrical device; a first battery charger connecting the power source to a storage battery for charging the storage battery when power is available from the power source, an output of the storage battery connected to the first transfer switch via an inverter, the first transfer switch controlling the storage battery to supply power to the electrical device when the power source fails; a second transfer switch connected between the first battery charger and the storage battery; a solar energy absorption board; and a second battery charger connecting the solar energy absorption board to the second transfer switch, the second transfer switch controlling the power source to charge the storage battery via the first battery charger or the solar energy absorption board to charge the storage battery via the second battery charger. 2. The UPS as claimed in claim 1, further comprising: a network monitor device structured and arranged for monitoring status of the environment where the solar energy absorption board locates; and a micro control unit (MCU) connecting the network monitor device to the second transfer switch, the network monitor device controlling the second transfer switch via the MCU, to cause the solar energy absorption board to charge the storage battery via the second battery charger according to the status of the environment. 3. The UPS as claimed in claim 1, further comprising: a manual switch; and a micro control unit (MCU) connecting the manual switch to the second transfer switch, the manual switch controlling the second transfer switch via the MCU, to control the solar energy absorption board to charge the storage battery via the second battery charger. 4. The UPS as claimed in claim 1, wherein a filter is connected between the power source and the first transfer switch, and also between the power source and the first battery charger. 5. An uninterrupted power supply (UPS) for supplying power to an electrical device comprising: a power source charge circuit; a solar energy charge circuit; a first transfer switch; and a second transfer switch, wherein the power source charge circuit is electrically connected to the electrical device via the first transfer switch and connected to a storage battery via the second transfer switch, the solar energy charge circuit is electrically connected to the storage battery via the second transfer switch, the storage battery is electrically connected to the electrical device via the first transfer switch. 6. The UPS as claimed in claim 5, wherein the power source charge circuit comprises a power source and a first battery charger, the power source is electrically connected to one input of the first transfer switch and an input of the first battery charger, an output of the first battery charger is electrically connected to an input of the second transfer switch. 7. The UPS as claimed in claim 5, wherein the solar energy charge circuit comprises a solar energy operated absorption board and a second battery charger, the solar energy operated absorption board is electrically connected to another input of the second transfer switch via the second battery charger. 8. The UPS as claimed in claim 5, further comprising: a network monitor device structured and arranged for monitoring status of the environment where the solar energy absorption board locates; and a micro control unit (MCU), the network monitor device electrically connected to a control terminal of the second transfer switch via the MCU. 9. The UPS as claimed in claim 5, further comprising: a manual switch; and a micro control unit (MCU), the manual switch electrically connected to a control terminal of the second transfer switch via the MCU. 10. An uninterrupted power supply (UPS) for supplying power to an electrical device, comprising: a first transfer switch operably connecting a power source to the electrical device; a storage battery connected to the first transfer switch which is capable of controlling the storage battery to supply power to the electrical device when the power source fails; a solar energy absorption board connected to the storage battery via a battery charger and a second transfer switch; and a micro control unit (MCU) connected to and configured to control the second transfer switch to allow the solar energy absorption board to charge the storage battery via the battery charger. 11. The UPS as claimed in claim 10, further comprising another battery charger connecting the power source with the second transfer switch such that the second transfer switch is capable of selecting one of the power source and the solar energy operated absorption board to charge the storage battery. 12. The UPS as claimed in claim 11, wherein the MCU is controlled by a manual switch. 13. The UPS as claimed in claim 11, wherein the MCU is controlled by a network monitor device structured and arranged for monitoring status of the environment where the solar energy absorption board locates. 