A heat pump liquid heater for heating a liquid comprising: a heat pump; a liquid tank in heat communication with the heat pump, wherein the liquid tank comprises the liquid; and at least one metal condenser tube immersed into the liquid, wherein the metal condenser tube forms at least one coil. The metal condenser tube has a flattened double-tube configuration and a cross-section defined by concentric ovals such that at least a portion of the concentric ovals is in contact with one another thereby minimizing space between the flattened double-tubes. The heat pump comprises a tube-in-tube heat exchanger and a compressor, wherein the tube-in-tube heat exchanger recovers heat from refrigerant returning from the liquid tank and transfers the recovered heat to refrigerant going to the compressor thereby superheating the refrigerant.
Claims 1. A heat pump liquid heater for heating a liquid comprising: a heat pump; a liquid tank in heat communication with the heat pump, wherein the liquid tank comprises the liquid; and at least one metal condenser tube immersed into the liquid, wherein the metal condenser tube forms at least one coil. 2. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 1, wherein the metal condenser tube has a flattened double-tube configuration and a cross-section defined by concentric ovals such that at least a portion of the concentric ovals is in contact with one another thereby minimizing space between the flattened double-tubes. 3. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 1, wherein the metal condenser tube is connected to the heat pump and is immersed into the liquid via an adaptor assembly. 4. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 3, wherein the adaptor assembly is fixedly attached to the liquid tank. 5. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 4, wherein the adaptor assembly connects the heat pump and the liquid tank. 6. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 1, wherein the metal condenser tube is a single continuous coiled tube. 7. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 6, wherein the metal condenser tube has a length of from about 1 ft to about 250 ft. 8. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 7, wherein the metal condenser tube has a length of from about 10 ft to about 100 ft. 9. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 6, wherein the metal condenser tube has a diameter of from about 0.01 inches to about 0.50 inches. 10. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 9, wherein the metal condenser tube has a diameter of about 3/16 inches. 11. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 6, wherein the metal condenser tube has a thickness of about 0.035 inches. 12. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 6, wherein the metal condenser tube is made of copper. 13. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 6, wherein the metal condenser tube is flexible. 14. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 6, wherein the metal condenser tube has a length and diameter to heat the liquid to a predetermined temperature in a predetermined time period. 15. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 6, wherein the metal condenser tube has a surface area to heat the liquid to a predetermined temperature in a predetermined time period. 16. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 6, wherein the metal condenser tube has a whisk configuration with multiple smaller diameter condenser tubes emerging from the metal condenser tube, wherein the smaller diameter condenser tubes form coils. 17. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 1, wherein the heat pump comprises a tube-in-tube heat exchanger and a compressor, wherein the tube-in-tube heat exchanger recovers heat from refrigerant returning from the liquid tank and transfers the recovered heat to refrigerant going to the compressor thereby superheating the refrigerant. 18. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 17, wherein the compressor is powered by a solar energy source and/or a traditional electric source. 19. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 1, further comprises a thermostat with a knob, wherein the knob is adjusted by a user to obtain a predetermined temperature of the liquid. 20. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 1, wherein the liquid is water. 21. A method of heating a liquid comprising: supplying hot refrigerant from a heat pump liquid heater via at least one metal condenser tube; transferring heat from the hot refrigerant to the liquid in a liquid tank such that the liquid is heated to a predetermined temperature controlled by a thermostat, and wherein the metal condenser tube forms at least one coil. 22. The method of claim 21, wherein the metal condenser tube has a flattened double-tube configuration and a cross-section defined by concentric ovals such that at least a portion of the concentric ovals is contact with one another thereby minimizing space between the flattened double-tubes 23. The method of claim 21, wherein the heat pump comprises a tube-in-tube heat exchanger and a compressor, wherein the tube-in-tube heat exchanger recovers heat from refrigerant returning from the liquid tank and transfers the recovered heat to refrigerant going to the compressor thereby superheating the refrigerant. 24. The method of claim 23, wherein the compressor is powered by a solar energy source and/or a traditional electric source. 25. The method of claim 21, wherein the heat pump further comprises a thermostat with a knob, wherein the knob is adjusted by a user to obtain a predetermined temperature of the liquid. 26. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 21, wherein the metal condenser tube is a single continuous coiled tube. 27. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 26, wherein the metal condenser tube has a length of from about 1 ft to about 250 ft. 28. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 27, wherein the metal condenser tube has a length of from about 10 ft to about 100 ft. 29. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 26, wherein the metal condenser tube has a diameter of from about 0.01 inches to about 0.50 inches. 30. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 29, wherein the metal condenser tube has a diameter of about 3/16 inches. 31. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 26, wherein the metal condenser tube has a thickness of about 0.035 inches. 32. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 26, wherein the metal condenser tube is made of copper. 33. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 26, wherein the metal condenser tube is flexible. 34. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 26, wherein the metal condenser tube has a length and diameter to heat the liquid to a predetermined temperature in a predetermined time period. 35. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 26, wherein the metal condenser tube has a surface area to heat the liquid to a predetermined temperature in a predetermined time period. 36. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 26, wherein the metal condenser tube has a whisk configuration with multiple smaller diameter condenser tubes emerging from the metal condenser tube, wherein the smaller diameter condenser tubes form coils. 37. The method of claim 21, wherein the metal tube is made of copper or an alloy of copper. 38. The method of claim 21, wherein the refrigerant is selected from the group consisting of carbon dioxide, hydrofluorocarbons, and hydrochlorofluorocarbons. 39. The method of claim 21, wherein liquid is water. 40. A heat pump liquid heater for heating a liquid comprising: a heat pump; a liquid tank in heat communication with the heat pump, wherein the liquid tank comprises the liquid; and at least one metal condenser tube immersed into the liquid, wherein the metal condenser tube comprises a refrigerant and is connected to the heat pump, and wherein the metal condenser tube is immersed into the liquid via an adaptor assembly, wherein the adaptor assembly comprises: a metal nipple fixedly attached to an opening in a liquid tank; a metal union fixedly attached onto the metal nipple; and a metal tube fixedly attached to the metal union, wherein the metal tube is adapted to receive at least one condenser tube and/or a thermostat bulb. 41. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 40, wherein the adaptor assembly is fixedly attached to the liquid tank forming a substantially air tight and water tight connection between the heat pump and the liquid tank. 42. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 40, wherein the metal condenser tube is a single continuous coiled tube. 43. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 40, wherein the metal condenser tube has a flattened double-tube configuration and a cross-section defined by concentric ovals such that at least a portion of the concentric ovals is in contact with one another thereby minimizing space between the flattened double-tubes. 44. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 40, wherein the adaptor assembly is retrofitted onto a preexisting liquid tank and/or an air conditioning unit thereby forming a substantially air tight and water tight connection between the heat pump and the preexisting liquid tank and/or air conditioning unit. 45. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 40, wherein the heat pump comprises a tube-in-tube heat exchanger and a compressor, wherein the tube-in-tube heat exchanger recovers heat from refrigerant returning from the liquid tank and transfers the recovered heat to refrigerant going to the compressor thereby superheating the refrigerant. 46. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 40, wherein the compressor is powered by a solar energy source and/or a traditional electric source. 47. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 46, wherein the solar energy source is derived from a solar photovoltaic panel. 48. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 47, wherein the power collected by the solar photovoltaic panel is DC electricity which is stored in at least one rechargeable battery via a charge controller and the stored DC electricity is supplied on demand from the at least one battery to the heat pump liquid heater. 49. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 47, wherein the power collected by the solar photovoltaic panel is DC electricity which is stored in at least one rechargeable battery via a charge controller, the DC electricity is converted into AC electricity via an inverter, and the AC electricity is supplied on demand to the heat pump liquid heater. 50. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 40, wherein the heat pump further comprises a thermostat with a knob, wherein the knob is adjusted by a user to obtain a predetermined temperature of the liquid. 51. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 40, wherein the metal condenser tube is a single continuous coiled tube. 52. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 51, wherein the metal condenser tube has a length of from about 1 ft to about 250 ft. 53. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 52, wherein the metal condenser tube has a length of from about 10 ft to about 100 ft. 54. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 51, wherein the metal condenser tube has a diameter of from about 0.01 inches to about 0.50 inches. 55. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 54, wherein the metal condenser tube has a diameter of about 3/16 inches. 56. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 51, wherein the metal condenser tube has a thickness of about 0.035 inches. 57. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 51, wherein the metal condenser tube is made of copper. 58. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 51, wherein the metal condenser tube is flexible. 59. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 51, wherein the metal condenser tube has a length and diameter to heat the liquid to a predetermined temperature in a predetermined time period. 60. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 51, wherein the metal condenser tube has a surface area to heat the liquid to a predetermined temperature in a predetermined time period. 61. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 51, wherein the metal condenser tube has a whisk configuration with multiple smaller diameter condenser tubes emerging from the metal condenser tube, wherein the smaller diameter condenser tubes form coils. 62. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 40, wherein the refrigerant is selected from the group consisting of carbon dioxide, hydrofluorocarbons, and hydrochlorofluorocarbons. 63. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 40, wherein liquid is water. 64. A heat pump liquid heater for heating a liquid comprising: a heat pump; a liquid tank in heat communication with the heat pump, wherein the liquid tank comprises the liquid; at least one metal condenser tube immersed into the liquid, wherein the metal condenser tube comprises a refrigerant; and a tube-in-tube heat exchanger in fluid communication with a compressor, wherein the tube-in-tube heat exchanger recovers heat from refrigerant returning from the liquid tank and transfers the recovered heat to refrigerant going to the compressor thereby superheating the refrigerant. 65. The heat pump liquid heater of claim 64, wherein the heat pump comprises a compressor, and wherein the tube-in-tube heat exchanger recovers heat from refrigerant returning from the liquid tank and transfers the recovered heat to refrigerant going to the compressor thereby superheating the refrigerant. 66. An adaptor assembly comprising: a metal nipple fixedly attached to an opening in a liquid tank; a metal union fixedly attached onto the metal nipple; and a metal tube fixedly attached to the metal union, wherein the metal tube is adapted to receive at least one condenser tube and/or a thermostat bulb. 67. The adaptor assembly of claim 66, wherein the attachment between the metal nipple and the opening in the liquid tank is substantially air tight. 68. The adaptor assembly of claim 66, wherein a commercial small-scale or large-scale air conditioning unit comprises the liquid tank thereby forming a retrofitted attachment between the metal nipple and the opening in the liquid tank. 