A photovoltaic module having reliable connections between internal electrical terminals and output cables. The module is comprised of a backing sheet and a cover transparent sheet with a bus bar positioned therebetween. A plurality of photovoltaic (PV) cells are connected in series which, in turn, are connected to a positive and a negative terminal on the bus bar. Male connectors are connected to the positive and the negative terminals. The components are then laminated to form the module with the male connectors inside the backing sheet. To expose the male connectors, openings are formed through the backing sheet and the tapered ends of the male connectors are bent outward to be mated with female connectors on the respective cables. The connections are then soldered to provide output connections for the module.
Claims 1. A connection for electrically connecting the positive and negative terminals of a photovoltaic module to respective outlet cables wherein said module is comprised of a cover sheet of transparent material, at least one bus bar, a positive terminal on a bus bar and a negative terminal on a bus bar, a plurality of PV cells electrically connected to said one or more bus bars, and a backing material, all of which have been laminated into an integral module, said connection comprising: a first positive connector element electrically connected to said positive terminal on a bus bar and extending through said backing material; a first negative connector element electrically connected to said negative terminal on a bus bar and extending through said backing material; a first power cable having a second positive connector element affixed thereto which mates with said first positive connector element to form an electrical connection between said first power cable and said positive terminal; and a second power cable having a second negative connector element affixed thereto which mates with said first negative connector element to form an electrical connection between said second power cable and said negative terminal. 2. The connection of claim 1 wherein said first positive connector element and said first negative connector element comprise: male connectors; and wherein said second positive connector element and said second negative connector element comprise: female connectors. 3. The connection of claim 2 wherein said first positive connector element and said second positive element are soldered together after said elements are mated; and said first negative connector element and said second negative element are soldered together after said elements are mated. 4. The connection of claim 2 wherein said first and said second male connectors are substantially identical and each comprises: an elongated body; one end being tapered for mating with said female connector and the other end having means for mounting said body to a bus bar. 5. The connection of claim 4 wherein said elongated body includes a groove at a point between its respective ends to aid in bending said elongated body at said point. 6. The connection of claim 5 wherein said one or more bus bars include: at least one opening therethrough at a positive terminal and at a negative terminal, respectively; and wherein said means for mounting said body of respective said male connector elements to said bus bar at their respective terminals comprises: at least one leg on said other end of said body, said at least one leg being positioned within said at least one opening at its respective terminal. 7. The connection of claim 6 wherein said leg of said body is soldered in its respective opening on said bus bar. 8. The connection of claim 7 wherein said at least one opening in said bus bar at each of said terminals comprises: a plurality of openings; and wherein said at least one leg on said male connector element comprises: a plurality of legs equal to said plurality of openings in said bus bar. 9. The connection of claim 8 wherein the wall of each of said plurality of opening is plated throughout to insure good electric conductivity between said bus bar and said legs of male connector element 22. 10. A photovoltaic module comprising: a backing sheet; a cover transparent sheet; a bus bar positioned between said backing sheet and said cover sheet, said bus bar having a positive terminal and a negative terminal; a plurality of photovoltaic (PV) cells positioned between said backing sheet and said cover sheet, said PV cells electrically connected in series and electrically connected to said positive terminal and said negative terminal, respectively, on said bus bar; a first positive connection element electrically connected to said positive terminal on said bus bar and extending through said backing sheet; a first negative connection element electrically connected to said negative terminal on said bus bar and extending through said backing sheet; a first power cable having a second positive connection element electrically affixed thereto, said second positive connection element receiving said first positive connection element to form an electrical connection therebetween; and a second power cable having a second negative connection element electrically affixed thereto, said second negative connection element receiving said first negative connection element to form an electrical connection therebetween. 11. The photovoltaic module of claim 11 wherein said electric connections between said first and second positive connector elements and between said first and second negative connector elements are soldered. 12. The photovoltaic module of claim 11 wherein said first positive connector element and said first negative connector element comprise: a male connector; and wherein said second positive connector element and said second negative connector element comprise: a female connector. 13. A method of assembling a photovoltaic module comprising: electrically connecting a first positive connection element to a positive terminal on a bus bar and a first negative connection element to a negative terminal on said bus bar; connecting a plurality of serially-connected PV cells to said positive and negative terminals, respectively, on said bus bar; positioning said bus bar and connected PV cells between a backing sheet and a transparent cover sheet; laminating said backing sheet, said cover sheet, and said bus bar and connected PV cells to form said module; providing openings in said backing sheet adjacent said first positive connector element and said first negative connector element, respectively; and bending said first positive connector element and said first negative connector element whereby said elements extend through their respective openings in said backing sheet. 14. A method of claim 14 wherein said first positive and said first negative connector elements are male connectors. 15. The method of claim 15 including: applying a protective layer over said male connectors before laminating the module. 16. The method of claim 16 wherein said protective layer is removed from said male connectors when said openings are formed through said backing sheet. 