A solar collector device for mounting on the outside of a support structure and including a fluid circuit for receiving a fluid for heating by solar radiation, the device further comprising a length of connection piping connected to the fluid circuit and moveable relative to the fluid circuit while thus connected thereto from a protected position to an installation position where the distal end thereof extends to the inside of said support structure.
Claims 1. A solar collector device for mounting on the outside of a support structure and including a fluid circuit for receiving a fluid for heating by solar radiation, the device further comprising a length of connection piping connected to the fluid circuit and moveable relative to the fluid circuit while thus connected thereto from a protected position to an installation position where the distal end thereof extends to the inside of said support structure, wherein the solar collector device includes a casing which is configured to receive the connection piping in the protected position. 2. A solar collector device according to claim 1, wherein the casing houses the fluid circuit and also defines a recess for wholly receiving the connection piping in the protected position. 3. A solar collector device according to claim 2, wherein the solar collector device is in the form of a panel and the connection piping is moveable sideways out of the recess. 4. A solar collector device according to claim 2, wherein the solar collector device is in the form of a panel, and the recess is at least partially open to the rear of the panel whereby the connection piping is moveable into a working position in which it does not extend beyond the sides of the panel. 5. A solar collector device according to claim 2, wherein the casing is a moulded casing. 6. A solar collector device according to claim 2, wherein the recess is provided with a temporary covering removable to allow the connection piping to be moved from the protected position to the working position. 7. A solar collector device according to claim 5, wherein the temporary covering is removable by peeling or tearing. 8. A solar collector device according to claim 1, wherein the connection piping includes a flexible hose. 9. A solar collector device according to claim 7, wherein the connection piping also includes copper piping at the distal end of the flexible hose. 10. A solar collector device according to claim 1, wherein the support structure is a roofing structure. 11. A method of installing a solar collector device including a fluid circuit for receiving a fluid for heating by solar radiation, and a length of connection piping connected to the fluid circuit and moveable relative to the fluid circuit while thus connected thereto from a protected position to an installation position where the distal end thereof extends to the inside of said support structure, the method comprising: mounting the solar collector device on the outside of a support structure with the connection piping pre-connected to the fluid circuit in the protected position; moving the connection piping from the protected position to the installation position where the distal end thereof extends to the inside of said support structure; and then connecting the distal end of the connection piping to a source of said fluid on the inside of the support structure. 12. A method according to claim 11, wherein the support structure is a roofing structure. 