An easily deployable miniature, LED light unit specifically for home security yard signs that is rechargeable by means of a solar cell array having a light sensor which automatically activates the light at dusk and deactivates it at dawn. The solar light unit is contained in a unique compact molded housing that positions the components and also includes an integral clamp-mount specifically for slide-on mounting to the stakes of typical home security signs.
Claims 1. A solar light unit, comprising: a fully-enclosed weatherproof housing formed from a concave open-faced top section and a mating bottom panel attached to the top section, said housing having an aperture and thumb screw invading said aperture to form a clamp; a rechargeable electrical power source seated in said housing; a manual switch mounted on said housing; a reflecting assembly mounted in said housing and comprising an LED seated in a mirrored reflecting surface and covered by a transparent lens supported at an angle to direct light at said angle; a solar cell mounted on said housing; an internal circuit board containing a solar charging circuit, light sensor circuit, and LED driver circuit to apply power to the LED only at night when there is no ambient light, and to remove power from the LED and charge said power source during the day. 2. The solar light unit according to claim 1, wherein said open-faced top section is formed with risers about said aperture for reinforcement. 3. The solar light unit according to claim 1, wherein said manual switch mounted on said housing is a push-detent switch. 4. The solar light unit according to claim 1, wherein said reflecting assembly comprises a white LED. 5. The solar light unit according to claim 4, wherein the transparent lens of said reflecting assembly is mounted at an angle relative to said housing to direct light from said LED toward a centerline through said aperture. 6. The solar light unit according to claim 5, wherein when the solar light unit is mounted on the ground stake of a conventional yard security sign the angled reflecting assembly directs light from said LED inward to shine directly on a placard of said yard security sign. 7. A solar light unit for mounting on the ground stake of a conventional yard security sign below a placard thereof, and for illuminating the placard of said security sign at night, comprising: an enclosed housing having an aperture there through for passing the stake of said yard security sign; a thumb screw inserted into said housing and invading said aperture to form a clamp against said stake; a rechargeable battery seated in said housing; a manual switch mounted on said housing; a reflecting assembly mounted in said housing and comprising an LED seated in a mirrored reflecting surface and covered by a transparent lens supported at an angle to direct light toward the placard of said security sign; a solar cell mounted on said housing for charging said battery; an internal circuit board for applying power from said battery to the LED only at night when there is no ambient light, and to remove power from the LED and charge said power source during the day. 8. The solar light unit according to claim 7, wherein said enclosed housing is weatherproof. 9. The solar light unit according to claim 8, wherein said enclosed housing further comprises two mating sections including a concave open-faced top section and a mating bottom panel attached to the top section. 10. The solar light unit according to claim 9, wherein said open-faced top section is formed with risers about said aperture for reinforcement. 11. The solar light unit according to claim 7, wherein said manual switch mounted on said housing is a push-detent switch. 12. The solar light unit according to claim 7, wherein said reflecting assembly comprises a white LED. 13. The solar light unit according to claim 7, wherein the transparent lens of said reflecting assembly is mounted at an angle relative to said housing to direct light from said LED toward a centerline through said aperture. 14. The solar light unit according to claim 13, wherein when the solar light unit is mounted on the ground stake of the conventional yard security sign the angled reflecting assembly directs light from said LED inward to shine directly on a placard of said yard security sign. 