The invention concerns a panel box, for the electrical connection of a photovoltaic module for a solar installation, with a base piece (1) for mounting on the photovoltaic module and for the electrical connection of a connection line of the photovoltaic module, and with another part for placement on the base piece (1). According to the invention, the other part is designed as a functional part (2), having at least one functional device performing an electrical and/or electronic function. This provides a panel box which is easy to install and, what is more, it enables an easy replacement of a defective component in event of a fault.
Claims 1. A panel box for the electrical connection of a photovoltaic module for a solar installation, the panel box comprising: a base piece for mounting on the photovoltaic module and for the electrical connection of a connection line of the photovoltaic module; and an other part for placement on the base piece, wherein the other part is designed as a functional part having at least one functional device performing an electrical and/or electronic function. 2. The panel box according to claim 1, wherein the functional part can be secured solely by means of the base piece to the photovoltaic module. 3. The panel box according to claim 1, wherein a bypass diode is provided as the functional device. 4. The panel box according to claim 1, wherein an electrical or electronic protection circuit for the photovoltaic module is provided as the functional device. 5. The panel box according to claim 1, wherein a connection cable for the photovoltaic module is provided as the functional device. 6. The panel box according to claim 1, wherein a connection device for a connection cable is provided as the functional device. 7. The panel box according to claim 6, wherein the connection devices has a tube into which is led one of the conduction leads of the connection cable. 8. The panel box according to claim 7, wherein the conduction lead in the tube makes electrical contact by means of a crimping and is held in this way. 9. The panel box according to claim 6, wherein a junction device is provided in the base piece for the electrical connection of the connection line of the photovoltaic module by means of which the connection device can be connected to the connection line. 10. The panel box according to claim 9, wherein the junction device is a spring clip by means of which the connection line can be pressed against the connection device. 11. The panel box according to claim 1, wherein the functional part is configured as a hood. 12. The panel box according to claim 1, wherein the panel box can be closed by placing the functional part on top of the base piece. 13. The panel box according to claim 1, wherein the base piece has a bottom side intended for mounting on the photovoltaic module having a caulking recess facing the photovoltaic module. 14. The panel box according to claim 13, wherein the caulking recess is arranged so that when the base piece is placed on the photovoltaic module, the region of emergence of the connection lines from the photovoltaic module can be caulked. 15. The panel box according to claim 13, wherein the caulking recess comprises a continuous opening provided in the bottom side of the base piece for the connection line of the photovoltaic module. 16. A panel box for the electrical connection of a photovoltaic module for a solar installation, the panel box comprising: a base piece for mounting on the photovoltaic module and for the electrical connection of a connection line of the photovoltaic module; and an other part for placement on the base piece, wherein the other part is designed as a functional part having at least one functional device performing an electrical and/or electronic function; wherein a gasket is provided for sealing the panel box between the base piece and the other part, the gasket being configured and arranged so that an impact acting on the other part is cushioned. 17. The panel box according to claim 16, wherein the gasket seals sideways against side walls of the other part and the other part has ribs by which it lies against the gasket so that the side walls of the other part are at a distance from the base piece. 