A small wind power supercapacitor energy storage system comprises a small wind-power generator for generating electric power from wind-power; a low internal-resistance power-storage supercapacitor for storing the electric power from the small wind-power generator and then for driving a load. The small electric power can be accumulated to have great electric power so as to drive LED lights or small electric power devices. The low internal resistance of a supercapacitor is used to get and accumulate small electric power from wind-power generator into large electric power so as to drive LED lights or small electric power devices. The efficiency of the system is better than solar power application and thus it provides great convenience and has a lower cost.
Claims 1. A small wind power supercapacitor energy storage system, comprising: a small wind power generator for generating electric power, a low ESR (equivalent series resistance) power supercapacitor for storing the electric power from the small wind power and accumulating the lower power to huge energy. Then the energy system drives a load. 2. The small wind power supercapacitor energy storage system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the load is one of a wind-power LED traffic alarm light, a wind-power LED night light, a climate monitoring device, a detector, a signal transmitter, a seawater desalting machine, a positioning transmitter, a small power machine, micro-electromechnical system and a non-continuous electric power machine. 3. The small wind power supercapacitor energy storage system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the power or energy storage supercapacitor is one of high energy density, high power density supercapacitors, electric double layer capacitors, ultracapacitors, carbon supercapacitors, golden supercapacitors, polymer supercapacitors, metal oxide supercapacitors, and aluminum electrolytic capacitors, special in ruthenium dioxide supercapacitors. 4. The small wind power supercapacitor energy storage system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the power or energy storage supercapacitor is connected to a secondary battery and the load; the power or energy storage supercapacitor stores and accumulate small electric energy and then transfers the energy to the secondary battery for driving the load. 5. The small wind power supercapacitor energy storage system as claimed in claim 4, wherein the secondary battery is selected from one of a Nickel hydrogen battery, a Lithium battery, a lead acid battery and rechargeable batteries. 6. The small wind power supercapacitor energy storage system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the power or energy storage supercapacitor is connected to a energy releasing supercapacitor and a load as a small wind power storage device, when enormous power is accumulated therein, then the power is stored to the energy releasing supercapacitor. Then the energy system drive a load. 7. The small wind power supercapacitor energy storage system as claimed in claim 6, wherein the power releasing supercapacitor is selected from one of a golden capacitor, ultracapacitors, electric double layer capacitors, carbon supercapacitors, electrochemical capacitors, and aluminum electrolytic capacitors. 8. The small wind power supercapacitor energy storage system as claimed in claim 6, wherein the energy releasing supercapacitor is connected to a secondary battery which is further connected to the another power supercapacitor. 9. The small wind power supercapacitor energy storage system as claimed in claim 8, wherein a voltage-boosting converter is connected between a power supercapacitor and a load; the booster is connected to a supercapacitor which is then connected to the load. 10. The small wind power supercapacitor energy storage system as claimed in claim 9, wherein the Buck-Boost converter includes a voltage Buck-Boost converter and other voltage booster circuit. 11. The small wind power supercapacitor energy storage system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the system is connected to one of a larger scale wind-power generator, a solar power generator system, a flywheel power generator system and the combination thereof. 12. The small wind power supercapacitor energy storage system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the power supercapacitor is a transient power supercapacitor. 