An emergency communication system includes a combined transmitter and receiver device (transceiver) that transmits information from a residential or business location to an emergency response system, which in turn sends signals and communications to the transceiver via radio frequency (RF) signals. The transceiver performs certain functions in response and according to data transmitted by the emergency communication system. The transceiver device is connected to a standard telephone network and allows data to be processed by sending signals over the phone line. The transmitter device also acts as a receiver, as it is able to receive radio frequency (RF) signals. The RF signals can be sent from an emergency response system, or other types of notification networks. This emergency communication system thereby operates as a two way communication system utilizing current telecommunication technology.
Claims 1. An emergency communication system comprising: a transceiver for sending information from a location to an emergency response system; the transceiver being connected to a standard phone network; the transceiver operative to send signals over a standard phone network to the emergency response system; the transceiver further comprising a receiver for receiving information via radio frequency signals, the transceiver having a unique electronic identification number; the emergency response system also having the unique electronic identification number and operative to send radio frequency signals to the transceiver; the transceiver using the electronic identification number in determining the relevancy of radio frequency signals received from the emergency response system; the transceiver generating a response action when relevant radio frequency signals are received from the emergency response system; and the transceiver further operative to transmit information to the emergency response system combined with the electronic identification number. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein the emergency response system includes a digital to analog converter. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein the transceiver includes an analog to digital converter. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein the transceiver includes a display means. 5. The system of claim 1 wherein the emergency response system includes: a map; a computer; means for graphically selecting geographical areas on the computer; means for determining business and residential addresses within a selected geographical area; means of matching addresses within a selected geographical area to unique electronic identification numbers; and means for determining if the transceiver received signals based on preprogrammed codes and the electronic identification number. 6. The system of claim 1 further comprising: one or more lights operatively connected to the transceiver, the transceiver operative to control the lights based on reception of relevant radio frequencies from the emergency response system. 7. The system of claim 6 wherein: the one or more lights are attached to a mailbox or a window; the one or more lights are powered by batteries or a solar panel; and further comprising an audio output device. 8. The system of claim 1 wherein the transceiver further comprises a text to speech synthesizer. 9. The system of claim 1 further comprising an internet connection to the emergency response system to receive information updates based on a unique electronic identification number. 10. The system of claim 1 wherein the transceiver comprises an input means by which a user can control receipt of information and notifications from the emergency response system. 11. The system of claim 10 wherein the input means is a computer interface port to receive information updates based on a unique electronic identification number. 12. The system of claim 1 wherein the transceiver is connected to a health monitoring device able to read a human's heart rate, blood pressure or temperature; and is operative to send heart rate, blood pressure or temperature data via the standard phone lines to the emergency response system. 13. The system of claim 12 wherein the human's heart rate, blood pressure or temperature data are sent via a series of unique tones. 14. The system of claim 1 wherein the transceiver further comprises an operative connection to: a signaling device attached to a mailbox, the signaling device operative to monitor when the mailbox is open, illuminate and count each time the mailbox is not opened, and send a notification to the emergency response system if the mailbox is not opened within a predetermined amount of time. 15. The system of claim 1 wherein the transceiver further comprises: an input device, the input device requiring a periodic interaction at a preset interval; and the input device operative to send notification to the emergency response system if the periodic interaction does not occur within the preset interval. 16. The system of claim 15 wherein the notification includes the illumination of a light outside a residence. 17. The system of claim 15 wherein the notification includes the use of a speech synthesizer to deliver a prerecorded message to one or more preset phone numbers. 18. The system of claim 1 wherein time and weather data are received from the emergency response system and replayed by an audio output of the transceiver. 19. The system of claim 1 wherein the transceiver is operative to receive alert messages from the emergency response system. 20. The system of claim 1 further comprising: an interactive map accessible by the emergency response system; the interactive map capable of highlighting geographic areas, providing addresses of all business and residences within a highlighted geographic area, and matching addresses in the highlighted area to corresponding electronic identification numbers of transceivers within the highlighted geographic area; the emergency response system operative to send data to transceivers within a highlighted geographic area. 21. The system of claim 20 wherein data is sent by the emergency response system to transceivers during periods of inactivity on the radio frequency used. 22. The system of claim 20 wherein the transceiver is operative to send confirmation of receipt of data from the emergency response system to the emergency response system. 23. The system of claim 20 wherein the data is sent by the emergency response system to emergency response personnel within a highlighted geographic area. 24. The system of claim 1 further comprising a device attached to a television/radio which delivers a signal generated by radio frequency signals and provides a message on the television/radio. 25. The system of claim 1 wherein the transceiver further comprises a light which illuminates when an radio frequency signal is received from the emergency response system. 26. The system of claim 1 further comprising; a tracking unit, a means for determining when the tracking unit is within a set proximity to a second tracking unit; and means for generating a notification signal that the tracking unit is within the set proximity and sending the notification signal to a transceiver. 27. The system of claim 26 wherein the notification signal is a audio message sent to a phone number which corresponds to a transceiver. 28. The system of claim 1 further comprising a database of phone numbers to be contacted by the system upon the occurrence of a predetermined event at the location of a transceiver; the system operative to deliver an informational message via telephone network connection to one or more transceivers, and to automatically contact pre-identified emergency service personnel. 29. The system of claim 1 further comprising: a health monitoring device worn by a user and operative to measure the user's heart rate and signal the transceiver in the event a measured heart rate exceeds a preset value, the transceiver programmed to notify the emergency response system upon receipt of a signal from the health monitoring device. 30. The system of claim 29 wherein the health monitoring device has a manual override. 31. The system of claim 1 further comprising: a wearable monitor able to be transported and able to accept input by the user and further able to communicate the input to the transceiver via RF signals. 32. The system of claim 1 wherein the emergency response system further comprises: a weather monitoring system; the weather monitoring system tracking one or more of temperature, wind speed, wind direction, humidity, rainfall, or barometric pressure; and the weather monitoring system being used to assess an emergency situation and broadcast a message which corresponds to an emergency situation. 33. The system of claim 32 wherein the system includes: a mapping device to assist in planning evacuations routes; and a printer for the printing of decals to affix to vehicles. 34. The system of claim 32 wherein the system alerts medical and emergency response personnel of the temperature, wind speed, wind direction, humidity, rainfall, or barometric pressure and provides this information to assist in the emergency. 35. The system of claim 1 wherein the data transmittal means is portable and operable via battery power. 36. The system of claim 1 further comprising an alarm panel located inside a residence or building, the alarm panel activating an alarm via the transmitter device if the alarm exceeds a set range. 