An olive-shaped window or door fitting includes a handle housed in a handle fitting, an autonomous monitoring and alarm module arranged in a module housing with several sensors, and an evaluation unit, which receives alarm signals and detection signals. The monitoring and alarm module has at least one handling noise sensors integrated into the module housing, which is directed towards a pane of glass and selectively records acoustic frequencies which occur when glass is broken and which in the event of glass being broken transmits an alarm signal to the evaluation device.
Claims 1-9. (canceled) 10. An olive-shaped window or door fitting comprising: a handle fitting; a handle housed in the handle fitting; a module housing, an autonomous monitoring and alarm module disposed in the module housing and having, a plurality of sensors and an evaluation unit configured to receive alarm signals and detection signals, wherein the monitoring and alarm, module has at least one handling noise sensor integrated into the module housing and directed towards a pane of glass for selectively detecting acoustic frequencies occurring when glass is broken and wherein the handling noise sensor transmits an alarm signal to the evaluation device if the glass is being broken. 11. The olive-shaped window or door fitting as recited in claim 10, wherein the handling noise sensor is activatable by a vibration sensor. 12. The olive-shaped window or door fitting as recited in claim 10, wherein the monitoring and alarm module includes an integrated transmitter for at least one of an acoustic and a visual signal. 13. The olive-shaped window or door fitting as recited in claim 10, herein the monitoring and alarm module has at least one status display. 14. The olive-shaped window or door fitting as recited in claim 10, wherein the evaluation device transmits a report signal to a central monitoring station. 15. The olive-shaped window or door fitting as recited in claim 14, further comprising a transmitter for transmitting at least one of the alarm signal the detection signals the report signal from the evaluation device to the central monitoring station. 16. A window or door frame encasing a pane of glass and comprising: An olive-shaped door fitting including a handle fitting, a handle housed in the handle fitting, a module housing, Land an autonomous monitoring and alarm module disposed in the module housing and having, a plurality of sensors and an evaluation unit configured to receive alarm signals and detection signals, wherein the monitoring and alarm module has at least one handling noise sensor integrated into the module housing and directed towards the pane of glass for selectively detecting acoustic frequencies occurring: when glass is broken and wherein the handling noise sensor transmits an alarm signal to the evaluation device if the glass is being broken; a recess and a sound duct leading on the frame from the handling noise sensor to an outer edge of the pane of glass, wherein the module housing is arranged sunk into the recess. 17. The window or door frame as recited in claim 16, further comprising a solar cell supplying the monitoring and alarm m-nodule with current. 18. The window or door frame as recited in claim 17, wherein the solar cell is located at least one of on the pane of glass, in the pane of glass and on the frame. 19. The window or door frame as recited in claim 16, wherein the fitting includes a vibration sensor for activating the handling noise sensor, the vibration sensor being attached at or against the pane of glass. 