A wireless system for controlling electrical circuits within a building is disclosed. The system includes a plurality of monitor devices coupled to load circuits and configured to control the load circuits. The system also includes a master control device configured to remotely communicate with the monitor devices. The system is configured to manually or remotely control the load circuits based on input commands input from the monitor device or the master control device and/or media data captured or acquired from the monitor devices and/or the master control device. Preferably, the monitor devices includes an image capture unit and transmit images to the master control device. The monitor devices also preferably include a motion sensor for detecting motion in locations corresponding the monitor devices and controlling the load circuits based on the motion detected. The system operates as a lighting control system and a security system.
Claims 1. A system comprising: a) a monitor device coupled load circuit: i) a monitor media capture unit configured to capture monitor media data from an area corresponding to a location of the monitor device; and ii) a monitor wireless transducer unit configured to transmit the monitor media data; and b) a control device comprising: i) a control wireless transducer unit configured to receive the monitor media data; and ii) a control media output unit configured to generate an audio or visual representation of the monitor media data, wherein the controller device is configured to control the load circuit remotely through the monitor device. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the monitor device further comprises a motion sensor and wherein the monitor device is further configured to control the load circuit based on motion detected by the motion sensor. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein monitor device further comprises one or more of a temperature sensor, a humidity sensor, a gas sensor and a smoke sensor for collecting environment data corresponding to a location of the monitor device and wherein the monitor device is configured to automatically and periodically transmit the environment data to the control device. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein monitor media capture unit includes one or more of a microphone and a camera. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein control media output unit includes one or more of a speaker and a camera. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the monitor wireless transducer unit and the control wireless transducer unit are radio wave transducers configured to transmit and receive radio packet data. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the monitor device includes a faceplate configured to couple to and fit over a momentary switch that manually opens and closes the load circuit. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein the monitor device is configured couple to electrical wall box and control the load circuit manually from the monitor device. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein monitor device includes power circuitry for coupling to the load circuit and providing power to monitor device. 10. The system of claim 1, wherein the monitor device includes user interface selected from the group consisting of key pad and a touch screen, wherein the user interface is configured for operating and programming the monitor device. 11. The system of claim 1, wherein the monitor device further includes a monitor media output unit, the control device includes a control media capture unit and wherein the control media capture unit is configured to capture control media data corresponding to a location of the control device and the control wireless transducer unit is configured to transmit the control media data to the monitor device and the monitor media output unit generates an audio and or visual representation of the control media data. 12. The system of claim 1, wherein the media capture unit includes a micro-camera with a magnetic motion control mechanism for controlling movement of a micro-camera remotely from the control unit. 13. The system of claim 1, wherein the control device includes a user interface selected from the group consisting of key pad and a touch screen, wherein the user interface is configured for remotely operating and programming the monitor device. 14. The system of claim 1, wherein in control device further includes a memory unit for storing the monitor media data or reminder message. 15. A system comprising: a) a plurality of monitor devices electrically coupled to load circuits, wherein each of the of monitor devices comprise: i) a monitor media capture unit configured to capture monitor media data corresponding to locations of the monitor devices; ii) a monitor wireless transducer unit for transmitting the monitor media data and receiving control media data; and iii) a monitor media output unit to generate an audio and or visual representation of the control media data; and b) a master control device comprising: i) a control media capture unit configured to capture the control media data corresponding to a location of the master control device; ii) a control wireless transducer unit configured to receive the monitor media data transmitted from each of the monitor devices and transmit the control media data; and iii) a media output unit configured to generate an audio or visual representation of the monitor media data, wherein the master control device is configured to remotely control the load circuits through the plurality of monitor devices. 16. The system of claim 15, wherein the plurality of monitor devices further comprise a motion sensor for detecting motion in the area corresponding to the location of the plurality of monitor devices, and wherein the plurality monitor devices are further configured control the load circuits based on the motion detected by the motion sensor. 17. The system of claim 15, wherein the motion sensor is selected from the group consisting of an infrared motion sensor and ultrasonic motion sensor. 18. The system of claim 15, wherein monitor media capture unit and the control media capture unit each include one or more of a microphone and a camera. 19. The system of claim 15, wherein monitor media output unit and the control media output unit each include one or more of a speaker and a camera. 20. The system of claim 15, wherein the plurality of monitor devices are configured couple to electrical wall box and are further configured to manually control the load circuits. 21. The system of claim 15, wherein plurality of monitor devices are configured to be powered by the load circuits. 22. The system of claim 15, wherein the plurality of monitor devices are powered by batteries that are recharged using a solar cell and/or 60Hz ac EM field chargers coupled the load circuits. 23. A system comprising a plurality of devices each comprising: a) a media capture unit configured to capture media data from an area corresponding to locations of the plurality of devices; and b) a wireless transducer unit and microprocessor unit configured to transmit the media data between each of the plurality of devices in a wireless peer-to-peer network, wherein at least one of the plurality of devices is a hard-wired device configured control a load circuit and wherein at least one of the plurality of devices is configured to remotely control the hard-wired device. 24. The system of claim 23, wherein the media capture unit includes a micro-camera with a magnetic motion control mechanism for controlling movement of a micro-camera remotely from the at least one of the plurality of devices. 