A buss bar strip for mounting to a solar panel to electrically connect to a series of electrical lines extending from solar cells. The buss bar strip can include a thin elongate flat flexible strip of insulative material having a longitudinal length. A predetermined pattern of elongate conductors can be longitudinally disposed on the insulative strip in at least two rows along the longitudinal length and electrically isolated from each other. Each conductor can have a predetermined position, length, and spacing from each other on the insulative strip for laterally electrically connecting to selected electrical lines from the solar cells at lateral electrical connection points located along the length of the conductor on exposed surfaces on the conductor.
Claims 1. A buss bar strip for mounting to a solar panel to electrically connect to a series of electrical lines extending from solar cells comprising: a thin elongate flat flexible strip of insulative material having a longitudinal length; and a predetermined pattern of elongate conductors longitudinally disposed on the insulative strip in at least two rows along the longitudinal length and electrically isolated from each other, each conductor having a predetermined position, length, and spacing from each other on the insulative strip for laterally electrically connecting to selected electrical lines from the solar cells at lateral electrical connection points located along the length of the conductor on exposed surfaces on the conductor. 2. The buss bar strip of claim 1 in which the insulative strip is formed of flexible polymeric material. 3. The buss bar strip of claim 2 in which the series of elongate conductors comprise generally flat ribbons of copper material laminated to the insulative strip. 4. The buss bar strip of claim 3 in which the flat ribbons of copper material are coated with a layer of solder. 5. The buss bar strip of claim 4 in which at least some of the conductors are longitudinally staggered. 6. The buss bar strip of claim 5 in which the pattern of conductors include an electrical connection region for electrically connecting to an external device. 7. The buss bar strip of claim 6 in which the electrical connection region is at a central location on the buss bar strip. 8. The buss bar strip of claim 7 further comprising terminal pads extending from the elongate conductors at the electrical connection region. 9. The buss bar strip of claim 8 further comprising a male circular connector soldered to each terminal pad. 10. The buss bar strip of claim 7 in which the series of elongate electrical conductors include at least four elongate conductors extending from the electrical connection region, at least two extending on one side, and at least two extending on an opposite side. 11. The buss bar strip of claim 10 in which on each side of the electrical connection region, one conductor is shorter than the other. 12. The buss bar strip of claim 1 in which the insulative strip is a first insulative strip, the buss bar strip further comprising a second thin elongate flat flexible strip of insulative material laminated to the first strip and over the pattern of conductors, the second strip having access windows at selected locations for providing lateral electrical connection points on the conductors. 13. A buss bar strip for mounting to a solar panel to electrically connect to a series of electrical lines extending from solar cells comprising: a thin elongate flat flexible strip of insulative material having a longitudinal length; and a predetermined pattern of elongate conductors means for conducting electricity longitudinally disposed on the insulative strip in at least two rows along the longitudinal length and electrically isolated from each other, each conductor means for conducting electricity having a predetermined position, length, and spacing from each other on the insulative strip for laterally electrically connecting to selected electrical lines from the solar cells at lateral electrical connection points located along the length of the conductor on exposed surfaces on the conductor. 14. A solar panel comprising: a series of solar cells having a series of electrical lines extending therefrom at laterally spaced intervals; and a buss bar strip mounted to the solar panel adjacent to the series of solar cells and electrically connected to the series of electrical lines extending from the solar cells, the buss bar strip comprising a thin elongate flat flexible strip of insulative material having a longitudinal length, and a predetermined pattern of elongate conductors longitudinally disposed on the insulative strip in at least two rows along the longitudinal length and electrically isolated from each other, each conductor having a predetermined position, length, and spacing from each other on the insulative strip and laterally electrically connected to selected electrical lines from the solar cells at lateral electrical connection points located along the length of the conductor on exposed surfaces on the conductor. 15. The solar panel of claim 14 in which the insulative strip is formed of flexible polymeric material. 16. The solar panel of claim 15 in which the series of elongate conductors comprise generally flat ribbons of copper material laminated to the insulative strip. 17. The solar panel of claim 16 in which the flat ribbons of copper material are coated with a layer of solder. 18. The solar panel of claim 17 in which at least some of the conductors are longitudinally staggered. 19. The solar panel of claim 18 in which the pattern of conductors include an electrical connection region for electrically connecting to an external device. 20. The solar panel of claim 19 in which the electrical connection region is at a central location on the buss bar strip. 21. The solar panel of claim 20 further comprising terminal pads extending from the elongate conductors at the electrical connection region. 22. The solar panel of claim 21 further comprising a male circular connector soldered to each terminal pad. 23. The solar panel of claim 22 in which the series of elongate electrical conductors include at least four elongate conductors extending from the electrical connection region, at least two extending on one side, and at least two extending on an opposite side. 24. The solar panel of claim 23 in which on each side of the electrical connection region, one conductor is shorter than the other. 25. The solar panel of claim 14 in which the insulative strip is a first insulative strip, the buss bar strip further comprising a second thin elongate flat flexible strip of insulative material laminated to the first strip and over the pattern of conductors, the second strip having access windows at selected locations for providing lateral electrical connection points on the conductors. 26. The solar panel of claim 14 further comprising lamination materials extending over the buss bar strip. 27. The solar panel of claim 22 in which the external device is an electrical connector having female terminals that engage the male circular connectors. 28. A solar panel comprising: a series of solar cells having a series of electrical lines extending therefrom at laterally spaced intervals; and buss bar strip means for conducting electricity mounted to the solar panel adjacent to the series of solar cells and electrically connected to the series of electrical lines extending from the solar cells, the buss bar strip comprising a thin elongate flat flexible strip of insulative material having a longitudinal length, and a predetermined pattern of elongate conductor means for conducting electricity longitudinally disposed on the insulative strip in at least two rows along the longitudinal length and electrically isolated from each other, each conductor means for conducting electricity having a predetermined position, length, and spacing from each other on the insulative strip and laterally electrically connected to selected electrical lines from the solar cells at lateral electrical connection points located along the length of the conductor on exposed surfaces on the conductor. 29. A method of forming a buss bar strip for mounting to a solar panel for electrically connecting to a series of electrical lines extending from solar cells comprising: providing a thin elongate flat flexible strip of insulative material having a longitudinal length; and disposing a predetermined pattern of elongate conductors longitudinally on the insulative strip in at least two rows along the longitudinal length and electrically isolated from each other, each conductor having a predetermined position, length, and spacing from each other on the insulative strip for laterally electrically connecting to selected electrical lines from the solar cells at lateral electrical connection points located along the length of the conductor on exposed surfaces on the conductor. 30. The method of claim 29 further comprising forming the insulative strip from flexible polymeric material. 31. The method of claim 30 further comprising forming the series of elongate conductors from generally flat ribbons of copper material laminated to the insulative strip. 32. The method of claim 31 further comprising coating the flat ribbons of copper material with a layer of solder. 33. The method of claim 32 further comprising longitudinally staggering at least some of the conductors. 34. The method of claim 33 further comprising forming the pattern of conductors to include an electrical connection region for electrically connecting to an external device. 35. The method of claim 34 further comprising positioning the electrical connection region at a central location on the buss bar strip. 36. The method of claim 35 further comprising extending terminal pads from the elongate conductors at the electrical connection region. 37. The method of claim 36 further comprising soldering a male circular connector to each terminal pad. 38. The method of claim 37 in which the series of elongate electrical conductors include at least four elongate conductors, the method further comprising extending from the electrical connection region, at least two conductors on one side, and at least two conductors on an opposite side. 39. The method of claim 38 further comprising forming on each side of the electrical connection region, one conductor shorter than the other. 40. The method of claim 29 in which the insulative strip is a first insulative strip, the method further comprising providing the buss bar strip with a second thin elongate flat flexible strip of insulative material laminated to the first strip and over the pattern of conductors, the second strip having access windows at selected locations for providing lateral electrical connection points on the conductors. 41. A method of electrically connecting a solar panel, the solar panel including a series of solar cells having a series of electrical lines extending therefrom at laterally spaced intervals, the method comprising mounting a buss bar strip to the solar panel adjacent to the series of solar cells, the buss bar strip comprising a thin elongate flat flexible strip of insulative material having a longitudinal length, and a predetermined pattern of elongate conductors longitudinally disposed on the insulative strip in at least two rows along the longitudinal length and electrically isolated from each other, each conductor having a predetermined position, length, and spacing from each other on the insulative strip and laterally electrically connected to selected electrical lines from the solar cells at lateral electrical connection points located along the length of the conductor on exposed surfaces on the conductor. 42. The method of claim 41 further comprising forming the insulative strip from flexible polymeric material. 43. The method of claim 42 further comprising forming the series of elongate conductors from generally flat ribbons of copper material laminated to the insulative strip. 44. The method of claim 43 further comprising coating the flat ribbons of copper material with a layer of solder. 45. The method of claim 44 further comprising longitudinally staggering at least some of the conductors. 46. The method of claim 45 further comprising forming the pattern of conductors to include an electrical connection region for electrically connecting to an external device. 47. The method of claim 46 further comprising positioning the electrical connection region at a central location on the buss bar strip. 48. The method of claim 47 further comprising extending terminal pads from the elongate conductors at the electrical connection region. 49. The method of claim 48 further comprising soldering a male circular connector to each terminal pad. 50. The method of claim 49 in which the series of elongate electrical conductors include at least four elongate conductors, the method further comprising extending from the electrical connection region, at least two conductors on one side, and at least two conductors on an opposite side. 51. The method of claim 50 further comprising forming on each side of the electrical connection region, one conductor shorter than the other. 52. The method of claim 41 in which the insulative strip is a first insulative strip, the method further comprising providing the buss bar strip with a second thin elongate flat flexible strip of insulative material laminated to the first strip and over the pattern of conductors, the second strip having access windows at selected locations for providing lateral electrical connection points on the conductors. 53. The method of claim 41 further comprising laminating lamination materials over the buss bar strip. 54. The method of claim 49 in which the external device is an electrical connector having female terminals, the method further comprising engaging the female terminals of the electrical connector with the male circular connectors. 