The invention addresses area utilization and capital efficiency of systems for converting solar energy into electricity. A solid-state solar conversion system includes photovoltaic cells which are arranged within a concentrated solar insolation flux path on different substrates/boards to collect different respective portions of the radiation spectrum.
Claims 1. In a solar-to-electricity conversion system the improvement comprising: a photovoltaic subsystem including a plurality of photovoltaic cells having different band gaps to convert concentrated ultraviolet, visible, and infrared solar flux into electrical energy; and wherein said plurality of photovoltaic cells are configured in a cascade arrangement for processing said concentrated ultraviolet, visible, and infrared solar flux. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein said cascade arrangement includes at least two photovoltaic cells arranged linearly such that said flux travels substantially in a straight line through said photovoltaic subsystem. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein said cascade arrangement includes at least two photovoltaic cells arranged with an offset such that said flux is refracted and reflected between successive cells in said photovoltaic subsystem. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein each of said plurality of photovoltaic cells includes one or multiple anti-reflection and/or a reflection coatings for spectrum selectivity, one or more p-n junctions, one or more front conductor contacts, and one or more back conductor contacts for electrical. 5. The system of claim 4 where one or more of said plurality of photovoltaic cells includes contacts for heat conduction. 6. The system of claim 4 wherein said p-n junctions of said photovoltaic cells are made of crystalline materials. 7. The system of claim 1 further including a heat to electrical conversion subsystem situated in a path of said ultraviolet, visible, and infrared solar flux and adapted to convert heat to electricity. 8. The system of claim 7 wherein each of said heat to electrical conversion subsystem includes an anti-reflection coating and/or a reflection coating for spectrum selectivity, thermoelectric cells or thermal diodes, one or more front conductor contacts, and one or more back conductor contacts for electrical. 9. The system of claim 1 wherein said plurality of photovoltaic cells are made from liquid phase epitaxy and/or gas diffusion. 10. A solar-to-electricity conversion system comprising: (a) a photovoltaic subsystem including at least two photovoltaic cells having different band gaps to convert concentrated insolation flux into electrical energy; (b) at least two circuit boards for mounting and housing said at least two photovoltaic cells; wherein respective junctions of said at least two photovoltaic cells are on separate substrates or films situated on a respective circuit board; (c) a frame adapted for supporting said at least two circuit boards and maintaining a first separation there between; wherein an electrical output can be generated based on said concentrated insolation flux. 11. The system of claim 10 further including a light cavity coupled to one or more of said at least two circuit boards. 12. The system of claim 10 where said at least two circuit boards are thermally matched to said respective at least two photovoltaic cells. 13. The system of claim 10 wherein said at least two circuit boards have embedded thermal conduction components. 14. The system of claim 10, wherein diodes and/or other electrical circuitry are embedded in said photovoltaic cells or said respective circuit boards to optimize voltage and current maximums of electricity generated by said system. 15. The system of claim 10 wherein at least one of said least two photovoltaic cells includes single layer or multilayers of absorptive or anti-reflection costings for raising the absorption of a selective spectrum of the radiation flux that is converted into electricity. 16. The system of claim 10 wherein at least one of said least two photovoltaic cells has a reflector for transmitting a remaining unconverted spectrum of said concentrated insolation flux to a subsequent separate photovoltaic cell. 17. The system of claim 10 wherein said photovoltaic cells are made from liquid phase epitaxy and/or gas diffusion. 18. The system of claim 10 wherein said concentrated insolation flux is received as a focal beam of a defined shape. 19. The system of claim 18, wherein said at least two photovoltaic cells having different band gaps are each paired in a plane with a respective matching photovoltaic cell having the same matching band gap to convert said concentrated insolation flux into electrical energy. 20. The system of claim 10 wherein said circuit boards include a multilayer board made of cofired ceramic. 21. A solar-to-electricity conversion system comprising: (a) a first photon-to-electricity conversion device adapted to convert a first spectrum portion of a concentrated insolation flux to electricity; said first photon-to-electricity conversion device being situated in a first position within a path of said concentrated insolation flux; (b) a second photon-to-electricity conversion device situated adapted to convert a second spectrum portion of a remainder of said concentrated insolation flux to electricity; said first photon-to-electricity conversion device being situated in a second position separated from said first position within said path of said concentrated insolation flux; (c) a heat to electrical conversion subsystem situated in a third position within said path of said concentrated insolation flux and including at least one of an array of thermoelectric cells and/or thermionic cells to covert heat associated with a third spectrum portion of said concentrated insolation flux into electric energy; (d) a frame adapted for supporting said first and second photon-to-electricity conversion devices and said heat to electrical conversion subsystem; wherein electrical power can be derived from at least said first spectrum portion, said second spectrum portion and said third spectrum portion of said concentrated insolation flux. 22. The system of claim 21 wherein said heat to electrical conversion subsystem is situated before said first photon-to-electricity conversion device. 23. The system of claim 21 wherein said heat to electrical conversion subsystem is situated after a last one of said photon-to-electricity conversion devices within said concentrated insolation flux path. 24. The system of claim 21 wherein said first photon-to-electricity conversion device, said second photon-to-electricity conversion device, and said heat to electrical conversion subsystem are configured in a linear arrangement. 25. The system of claim 20, wherein said first photon-to-electricity conversion device, said second photon-to-electricity conversion device, and said heat to electrical conversion subsystem are configured in an offset arrangement such that said concentrated insolation flux flux is refracted and reflected between one or more successive cells and/or said heat to electrical conversion subsystem. 26. The system of claim 25, further including a light tube and/or light pipe for transferring said concentrated insolation flux between said successive cells and said heat to electrical conversion subsystem. 27. The system of claim 25 including a casing that holds and positions said photon-to-electricity conversion devices and heat to electrical conversion subsystem, for solar insolation flux incidence, solar flux reflectance, and refractance. 28. The system of claim 21 wherein thermoelectric cells in said heat to electrical conversion subsystem includes: a. a cascade of single crystal thermoelectric cells of different band gaps absorbing infrared radiation; and b. said thermoelectric cells further including a single or multiple anti-reflection and/or reflection coatings for spectrum selectivity, p-n junctions, front conductor contacts, and back conductor contacts for electrical and, separate heat conduction; and wherein said p-n junctions of said thermoelectric cells are made of crystalline materials. 29. The system of claim 21 wherein thermionic cells in said heat to electrical conversion subsystem include: a. an array of alternating n-type and p-type thermal diodes; wherein said thermal diodes are shaped into columns using a via structure embedded in a multilayer board; c. a hot side conductor contact; d. a cold side conductor contact; e. electrical interconnect to couple said thermal diodes and electrical contacts. f. a single or multiple anti-reflection and/or reflection coatings for spectrum selectivity. 30. The system of claim 21 wherein said photovoltaic cells are single crystal devices formed by liquid-phase epitaxy and/or gas diffusion. 31. The system of claim 21, wherein said first photon-to-electricity conversion device is situated and paired in a plane with a first respective matching photovoltaic cell, and said second photon-to-electricity conversion device is situated and paired in a plane with a second respective matching photovoltaic cell, such that said concentrated insolation flux is converted by a a two dimensional array into electrical energy. 32. The system of claim 21, wherein said first photon-to-electricity conversion device is situated and paired in a plane with a third respective matching photovoltaic cell orthogonally positioned from said first respective matching photovoltaic cell, and said second photon-to-electricity conversion device is situated and paired in a plane with a fourth respective matching photovoltaic cell orthogonally positioned from said second respective matching photovoltaic cell such that said concentrated insolation flux is converted by a a three dimensional array into electrical energy. 33. The system of claim 21 wherein said solar-to-electricity conversion system is connected to other photon-to-electricity conversion devices and forms a solar energy power generating plant. 34. The system of claim 21 further including tracking sensors and motor drives that orient the solar-to-electricity conversion system toward the sun. 35. The system of claim 21 further including an automated positioning mechanism for adjusting a spacing of said photon-to-electricity conversion devices. 36. A photon-to-electricity subsystem comprising: a. a cascade of single crystal photovoltaic cells of different band gaps and each of one or more p-n junctions absorbing ultraviolet, visible, and infrared solar flux; said photovoltaic cells including optical coatings, p-n junctions, and conductor contacts for electrical and heat conduction; wherein said p-n junctions of said photovoltaic cells are made of crystalline materials; b. said photovoltaic cells being mounted on a multilayer board of cofired ceramic. 