A sensor network for managing the location of materials on a construction site includes RF sensors having unique identifiers attached to selected items. A radio frequency sensor reader network with two or more RF sensor readers sense the unique identifier of each of the radio frequency sensors and their distance from each radio frequency sensor. A processor connected to the radio frequency sensor reader network determines the location of the radio frequency sensors based on the unique identifier and distance sensed by each radio frequency sensor reader. A selection device for selects a RF sensor based on a user input, and an image capture device moves in response to the user input to display the selected radio frequency sensor on a display device.
Claims 1. A sensor network for managing the location of materials on a construction site, comprising: a plurality of radio frequency sensors having unique identifiers; attachments for attaching the radio frequency sensors to selected items; a radio frequency sensor reader network comprising two or more radio frequency sensor readers, at least two radio frequency sensor readers sensing the unique identifier of each of the radio frequency sensors and the distance from the radio frequency sensor reader to each radio frequency sensor; a processor connected to the radio frequency sensor reader network for determining the location of at least one radio frequency sensor based on the unique identifier and distance sensed by each radio frequency sensor reader; a selection device for selecting a radio frequency sensor based on a user input; at least one image capture device having a movable field of view, the field of view moving in response to the user input into the selection device and the corresponding location calculated by the processor to include the selected radio frequency sensor; and a display device connected to the image capture device for displaying the field of view of the image capture device. 2. The sensor network of claim 1, further comprising a portable power source for powering at least the radio frequency sensor reader network and the image capture device. 3. The sensor network of claim 2, wherein the portable power source is a solar power source. 4. The sensor network of claim 1, wherein the radio frequency sensor readers and the image capture device are mounted on base stations, each base station comprising a solar panel. 5. The sensor network of claim 4, wherein the base stations are mobile. 6. The sensor network of claim 1, wherein the processor contains instruction for adjusting the field of view of the image capture device by a controlling a position-adjustable mounting. 7. The sensor network of claim 1, wherein the construction site is defined by at least one geofence. 8. The sensor network of claim 1, wherein the processor contains instructions to move the field of view of the image capture device in response to a predetermined event sensed by the radio frequency sensor readers. 9. The sensor network of claim 1, wherein the processor contains instructions to calculate the distance and relative position of each radio frequency sensor reader. 10. A method of managing the location of materials on a construction site, the method comprising the steps of: providing a radio frequency network comprising two or more radio frequency sensors; attaching a radio frequency tag having a unique identifier to each item on the construction site to be managed; sensing the unique identifier of at least one radio frequency tag by at least two radio frequency sensors and the distance of the at least one radio frequency tag to each of the at least two radio frequency sensors; calculating a location for each sensed radio frequency tag based on the unique identifier and distance information sensed by the radio frequency sensors; selecting a unique identifier processed by the processor; moving the field of view of an image capture device having a movable field of view to the selected radio frequency tag; and displaying the field of view of the image capture device on a display device. 11. The method of claim 10, further comprising the step of powering the sensor network with a portable power source. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein the portable power source is a solar power source. 13. The method of claim 10, further comprising the step of mounting the radio frequency sensors and a solar panel on stations, at least one station comprising the image capture device. 14. The method of claim 13, further comprising the step of moving the stations to a new location. 15. The method of claim 10, wherein the processor contains instruction for adjusting the field of view of the image capture device by a controlling a position-adjustable mounting. 16. The method of claim 10, further comprising the step of defining the construction site by at least one geofence. 17. The method of claim 10, wherein the processor contains instructions to move the field of view of the image capture device in response to a predetermined event sensed by the radio frequency sensor readers. 18. The method network of claim 10, further comprising the step of calculating the distance and relative position of each radio frequency sensor reader based on readings obtained by the radio frequency sensor readers. 