A mounting device which includes means for attaching accessories such as binoculars to wearable items such as baseball caps. The binoculars can be tilted to adjust the angle with respect to the cap, slid to adjust the distance of the binoculars from the wearer, and the objectives thereof pivoted to move the same between in-use and out-of-use positions.
Claims 1. A mounting device including attachment means which are attachable to or provided as part of a wearable item, and mounting means for attaching at least one accessory thereto to allow said accessory to be supported by the wearable item. 2. A mounting device according to claim 1 characterised in that there is provided tilting means which permit the wearer to adjust the angle of an accessory independently to the angle of presentation of the wearable item 3. A mounting device according to claim 1 or 2 characterised in that sliding means are provided to adjust the distance of an accessory from the wearer. 4. A mounting device according to claim 1 characterised in that a ball and socket joint is provided to allow a full range of movement of the accessory connected thereto. 5. A mounting device according to claim 1 characterised in that at least one accessory is a viewing device include any or any combination of optical and/or electronic viewing means 6. A mounting device according to claim 1 characterised in that at least one accessory is an imaging device including any or any combination of cameras, video cameras, or electronic displays. 7. A mounting device according to claim 1 characterised in that the at least one accessory is an audio device including any or any combination of media players, media recorders, radios, speakers, or microphones. 8. A mounting device according to claim 1 characterised in that at least one accessory is a proximity device which alerts the user audibly and/or by vibration when the wearable item and/or user is in proximity to another user or object. 9. A mounting device according to claim 1 chatacterised in that at least one accessory is a charging device in the form of a solar cell panel to enable the user to recharge batteries of an accessory connected thereto. 10. A mounting device according to claim 1 characterised in that the accessories are battery powered and function independently of the wearable item and mounting device. 11. A mounting device according to claim 1 characterised in that the accessories attach to a docking plate via a docking unit. 12. A mounting device according to claim 11 characterised in that the docking unit includes any or any combination of audio amplifiers, data display panels, heads-up displays, wireless remote control links, and additional batteries. 13. A viewing device including viewing means connected to mounting means, and attachment means for attaching the device to a wearable item, characterised in that said viewing means can be moved selectively between an in-use position in which the same are positioned in the vicinity of at least one of the wearer's eyes and an out of use position moved away from the in use position. 14. A viewing device according to claim 13 characterised in that the viewing means include any or any combination of optical and/or electronic viewing means. 15. A viewing device according to claim 13 characterised in that pivoting means are provided to allow the viewing means to be pivoted between the in-use and out-of-use positions and/or to allow interocular adjustment. 16. A viewing device according to claim 13 characterised in that the viewing means includes a gear driven adjustment system and/or drive means to operate movements of the same, including any or any combination of switching between in-use and out-of-use positions, spacing of the viewing means relative to the user's eyes, focusing, tilting, zooming, end-stop location. 17. A viewing device according to claim 13 characterised in that the movement of the viewing means is limited by adjustable end-stops which define the range of movement allowed of the viewing means between in-use and out-of-use positions, and/or allow inter-ocular spacing adjustments. 18. A viewing device according to claim 16 characterised in that a ratchet mechanism is provided which locks the adjustment system when a particular position is reached, and can be released electronically or manually. 19. A viewing device according to claim 16 characterised in that the adjustment system is provided with a spring loaded mechanism that permits quick movement between in-use and out-of-use positions. 20. A viewing device according to claim 19 characterised in the viewing means can be locked in an out-of-use position by a latch or button connected thereto, and on actuating the same, the spring biases the viewing means towards the in-use position. 21. A viewing device according to claim 19 characterised in that the tension in and/or strength of the spring can be adjusted. 22. A viewing device according to claim 13 characterised in that switching means are provided to allow the configuration of the viewing means to be remotely controlled. 23. A viewing device according to claim 13 characterised in that the viewing means includes two telescopes which are moved in mirrored arcuate paths. 24. A viewing device according to claim 23 characterised in that movement of one telescope brings about corresponding movement of the other telescope, or alternatively, each telescope can be moved independently, which would allow the user to compensate for uneven mountings of the same. 25. A viewing device according to claim 23 characterised in that the viewing means includes focusing means for adjusting the focus of the telescopes, and/or zoom lens means for adjusting the magnification of viewed objects. 26. A viewing device according to claim 25 characterised in that the focus of the each telescope is adjusted independently of the other. 27. A viewing device according to claim 13 characterised in that the viewing range or focus range of the viewing means is adjustable by altering the optical path length of the viewing means. 28. A viewing device according to claim 13 characterised in that the viewing means is provided with a casing, and any rotary and/or linear movement of said casing results in a change of the optical path length of the viewing means. 29. A viewing device according to claim 13 characterised in that imaging means and/or storage means are provided for the capture of still and/or video images, and/or accompanying sound. 30. A viewing device according to claim 29 characterised in that a sharp focus image is provided both to the eye of a user and the sensor of the imaging means. 31. A viewing device according to claim 29 characterised in that when the viewing means are moved between in use and out of use positions, a mechanism is provided so that the imaging means and/or images derived therefrom do not rotate. 32. A viewing device according to claim 29 characterised in that two or more imaging means can be provided to allow three dimensional capture of both still and/or video images and/or sound. 33. A viewing device according to claim 13 characterised in that the device is manufactured to be lightweight and/or disposable. 34. A wearable item including a cap or band having a body portion to be worn on the head, and a visor protruding from the front end of the cap or band when worn, said visor including attachment means, optical viewing means connected to the attachment means via mounting means, and characterised in that said viewing means can be moved selectively between an in-use position in which the same are positioned in the vicinity of at least one of the wearer's eyes and an out of use position moved away from the in use position. 35. A wearable item according to claim 34 characterised in that the body portion include sizing means for adjusting the fit of the cap or band around a wearer's head, and the visor includes strengthening means to ensure support for the viewing means. 36. A wearable item according to claim 34 characterised in that the attachment means are slidably attached to the cap or band to allow lateral linear or circumferential movement of the viewing means to the side of the wearer's eyes, to an out-of-use position. 37. A wearable item according to claim 34 characterised in that the visor is pivotally connected to the body portion of the cap and the attachment means are connected to the visor such that the viewing means is moved between in-use and out-of-use positions by adjusting the position of the visor with respect to the portion of the cap which is worn. 38. A wearable item according to claim 34 characterised in that the attachment means and/or mounting means are located centrally with respect to the visor and the wearer's eyes, so that there is no or minimal interference to the line of sight by the same when the viewing means are in their in-use and/or out-of-use positions. 39. A wearable item including means for attaching one or more accessories thereto, said accessories including any or any combination of viewing, imaging and audio devices. 