A system to report the position and/or measured conditions of a railroad car using satellite communication. The system includes a rechargeable power supply and communications unit incorporating one or more solar cells in combination with a rechargeable battery and further including a bank of ultracapacitors. The equivalent series resistance or "ESR" of the capacitor bank is substantially less than the ESR of the battery thereby allowing peak power demands to be filled by rapid dissipation of stored charge from the capacitor bank without substantial involvement of the battery under normal conditions.
Claims 1. A solar powered data reporting system adapted to be mounted on a railroad car for periodic digital data burst transmission of position status information from said railroad car to a remote monitoring unit using satellite transmission, the data reporting system comprising: a portable transceiver adapted to transmit bursts of digital data delivered to a satellite system; a portable global positioning sensor monitoring the location of said railroad car, said portable global positioning sensor being in operative communication with said portable transceiver for the transmittal of location data to said satellite system; a remote monitoring unit adapted to download said location data from said satellite system; and a solar power collection and storage system operatively connected to said portable transceiver, said power collection and storage system including at least one solar cell adapted to charge at least one rechargeable battery and a bank of ultracapacitors, said bank of ultracapacitors being arranged in parallel with said at least one rechargeable battery, said bank of ultracapacitors being free from balancing resistors, said bank of ultracapacitors having an equivalent series resistance less than said at least one rechargeable battery such that power demands for said portable transceiver are drawn preferentially from said ultracapacitors relative to said at least one rechargeable battery. 2. The solar powered data reporting system as recited in claim 1, further including at least one auxiliary sensor monitoring a condition other than location of said railroad car, said at least one auxiliary sensor being in operative communication with said portable transceiver for transmission of sensor status data to said satellite system. 3. The solar powered data reporting system as recited in claim 2, wherein said at least one auxiliary sensor comprises a hatch status sensor monitoring an access opening within the railroad car. 4. The solar powered data reporting system as recited in claim 3, wherein said hatch status sensor is powered by said solar power collection and storage system. 5. The solar powered data reporting system as recited in claim 2, wherein said at least one auxiliary sensor comprises a temperature sensor monitoring for temperatures beyond a predefined range. 6. The solar powered data reporting system as recited in claim 5, wherein said temperature sensor is powered by said solar power collection and storage system. 7. The solar powered data reporting system as recited in claim 2, wherein said at least one auxiliary sensor comprises a load sensor monitoring for load change conditions from full to empty or from empty to full. 8. The solar powered data reporting system as recited in claim 7, wherein said load sensor is powered by said solar power collection and storage system. 9. The solar powered data reporting system as recited in claim 2, wherein said at least one auxiliary sensor comprises an accelerometer monitoring for changes in acceleration beyond predefined ranges. 10. The solar powered data reporting system as recited in claim 9, wherein said accelerometer is powered by said solar power collection and storage system. 11. The solar powered data reporting system as recited in claim 2, wherein said at least one auxiliary sensor comprises a chemical sniffer monitoring for concentrations of one or more chemicals beyond predefined levels. 12. The solar powered data reporting system as recited in claim 11, wherein said chemical sniffer is self powered. 13. The solar powered data reporting system as recited in claim 1, further comprising a satellite-free communications link adapted to interface with a local monitoring and control unit. 14. The solar powered data reporting system as recited in claim 1, wherein said solar cell is not greater than a 6 volt cell and said at least one rechargeable battery is not greater than a 6 volt battery. 15. The solar powered data reporting system as recited in claim 1, wherein said at least one rechargeable battery is adapted to provide at least a portion of the power demands to said portable transceiver and said global positioning sensor in the event of a deficiency in the power supply from said ultracapacitors. 16. The solar powered data reporting system as recited in claim 15, wherein said at least one rechargeable battery is adapted to recharge said bank of ultracapcitors when said at least one solar cell is inactive. 17. A solar powered data reporting system adapted to be mounted on a railroad car for periodic digital data burst transmission of position and sensor condition status information from said railroad car to a remote monitoring unit using satellite transmission, the data reporting system comprising: a portable transceiver adapted to transmit bursts of digital data delivered to a satellite system; a portable global positioning sensor monitoring the location of said railroad car, said portable global positioning sensor being in operative communication with said portable transceiver for the transmittal of location data to said satellite system; at least one auxiliary sensor monitoring a condition other than location of said railroad car, said at least one auxiliary sensor being in operative communication with said portable transceiver for transmission of sensor status data to said satellite system; a remote monitoring unit adapted to download said location data and said sensor status data from said satellite system; and a solar power collection and storage system operatively connected to said portable transceiver, said power collection and storage system including at least one solar cell adapted to charge at least a pair of rechargeable batteries and a bank of at least three ultracapacitors, said bank of at least three ultracapacitors being arranged in parallel with said batteries, said bank of at least three ultracapacitors being free from balancing resistors, said bank of at least three ultracapacitors having an equivalent series resistance less than said batteries such that power demands for said portable transceiver are drawn preferentially from said ultracapacitors relative to said batteries. 18. The solar powered data reporting system as recited in claim 17, wherein said batteries are adapted to provide at least a portion of the power demands to said portable transceiver, said portable global positioning sensor and said at least one auxiliary sensor in the event of a deficiency in the power supply from said ultracapacitors. 19. The solar powered data reporting system as recited in claim 18, wherein said batteries are adapted to recharge said ultracapcitors when said at least one solar cell is inactive. 20. A solar powered data reporting system adapted to be mounted on a railroad car for periodic digital data burst transmission of position and sensor condition status information from said railroad car to a remote monitoring unit using satellite transmission, the data reporting system comprising: a portable transceiver adapted to transmit bursts of digital data delivered to a satellite system; a portable global positioning sensor monitoring the location of said railroad car, said portable global positioning sensor being in operative communication with said portable transceiver for the transmittal of location data to said satellite system; at least one power dependent auxiliary sensor monitoring a condition other than location of said railroad car, said at least one power dependent auxiliary sensor being in operative communication with said portable transceiver for transmission of sensor status data to said satellite system said at least one power dependent auxiliary sensor selected from the group consisting of a hatch status sensor, a temperature sensor, a load sensor, an accelerometer, and combinations thereof; a remote monitoring unit adapted to download said location data and said sensor status data from said satellite system; and a solar power collection and storage system operatively connected to said portable transceiver and to said at least one power dependent auxiliary sensor, said power collection and storage system including at least one solar cell adapted to charge at least a pair of rechargeable batteries and a bank of at least three ultracapacitors, said bank of at least three ultracapacitors being arranged in parallel with said batteries, said bank of at least three ultracapacitors being free from balancing resistors, said bank of at least three ultracapacitors having an equivalent series resistance less than said batteries such that power demands for said portable transceiver, said portable global positioning sensor and said at least one power dependent auxiliary sensor are drawn preferentially from said ultracapacitors relative to said batteries, said batteries being adapted to provide at least a portion of the power demands to said portable transceiver, said portable global positioning sensor and said at least one power dependent auxiliary sensor in the event of a deficiency in the power supply from said ultracapacitors, and said batteries being adapted to recharge said ultracapcitors when said at least one solar cell is inactive. 