A hinged panel mount and mounting system advantageously provides wind relief to panels that would otherwise provide an uplifting force that could damage or otherwise stress an underlying building or structure, wherein threshold winds (which at least overcome the weight of the panel and any friction in the hinge) cause the panel to swing in a path permitted by the hinge to reduce such uplifting forces.
Claims 1. A panel and panel mount, comprising: a panel, the panel or a panel bracket or frame including a first hinge portion; and a support piece configured to be secured to the surface of a building or structure, the support piece including a second hinge portion complementary to the first hinge portion, wherein the panel is configured to move as permitted by the hinge portions in response to threshold wind forces acting upon the panel. 2. A panel and panel mount in accordance with claim 1, further comprising a shock-absorbing member configured to cushion a portion of the panel or a panel bracket or frame subsequent to the cessation of threshold wind forces. 3. A panel and panel mount in accordance with claim 1, wherein the hinge portions are located near an upper edge of the solar panel, and wherein the shock absorbing member is positioned near a lower edge of the solar panel. 4. A panel and panel mount in accordance with claim 2, wherein the shock-absorbing member comprises an elastomeric material. 5. A panel and panel mount in accordance with claim 1, wherein the panel comprises a photovoltaic or hot water circulation solar panel. 6. A panel and panel mount in accordance with claim 1, further comprising a third hinge portion, the third hinge portion depending from the panel or a panel bracket or frame, a second support piece configured to be secured to the surface of the building or structure, the second support piece including a fourth hinge portion complementary to the third hinge portion, wherein the panel is configured to move as permitted by the hinge portions in response to threshold wind forces acting upon the panel. 7. A system for mounting a panel, comprising: a panel base, the base configured to secure to a surface of a building or structure; a panel; and at least one hinge operatively connecting said panel and said panel base, the at least one hinge configured to cause the panel to move in response to threshold wind forces acting upon the panel. 8. The system for mounting a panel in accordance with claim 7, further comprising a shock-absorbing member configured to cushion a portion of the panel or a panel bracket or frame subsequent to the cessation of threshold wind forces. 9. The system for mounting a panel in accordance with claim 7, wherein the at least one hinge is located near an upper edge of the solar panel, and wherein the shock absorbing member is positioned near a lower edge of the solar panel. 10. The system for mounting a panel in accordance with claim 8, wherein the shock-absorbing member comprises an elastomeric material. 11. The system for mounting a panel in accordance with claim 7, wherein the panel comprises a photovoltaic or hot water circulation solar panel. 