A collapsible solar system includes a frame structure and a sunlight tracking arrangement. The frame structure includes a supporting base adapted for mounting on a platform and a solar panel pivotally coupling with a rotational frame which is rotatably supported on the supporting base. The solar panel is pivotally folded between a stored position that the solar panel is laid flat on the platform, and a tracking position that the solar panel is pivotally folded at an inclination angle to be perpendicular to the direction of the sun. The sunlight tracking arrangement includes a horizontal driving unit selectively adjusting a horizontal direction of the solar panel, and a vertical driving unit pivotally lifting up the solar panel until the solar panel is pivotally folded at the inclination angle to be perpendicular to the direction of the sun.
Claims 1. A collapsible solar system, comprising: a supporting base adapted for mounting on a platform; a rotational frame supported on said supporting base, wherein said rotational name has a first edge and an opposed second edge; a solar panel having a pivot edge pivotally coupling with said first edge of said rotational frame and an opposed controlling edge, wherein said solar panel is adapted to pivotally fold between a stored position that said solar panel is overlapped on said rotational frame for being laid flat on said platform, and a tracking position that said solar panel is pivotally folded at an inclination angle to be perpendicular to the direction of the sun; and a sunlight tracking arrangement, comprising: a horizontal driving unit driving said rotational frame to be rotated on said supporting base so as to selectively adjust a horizontal direction of said solar panel in responsive to the direction of the sun; and a vertical driving unit pivotally lifting up said solar panel at said controlling edge thereof until said solar panel is pivotally folded at said inclination angle to be perpendicular to the direction of the sun, and pivotally dropping down said solar panel at said controlling edge thereof until said solar panel is pivotally folded to overlap on said rotational frame at said stored position. 2. The collapsible solar system of claim 1 wherein said vertical driving unit comprises an elongated guiding arm having a pivot end pivotally coupling with said second edge of said rotational frame and a free end extended above said solar panel, wherein at said stored position of said solar panel, said guiding arm is horizontally supported above said solar panel, and at said tracking position of said solar panel, said guiding arm is pivotally lifted up at said pivot end to extend at an inclined configuration, so that said controlling edge of said solar panel is guided to slide along said inclined guiding arm so as to selectively adjust said inclination angle of said solar panel. 3. The collapsible solar system of claim 2 wherein said vertical driving unit further comprises a panel driver pivotally coupling with said controlling edge of said solar panel and being slid along said guiding arm to pivotally lift up and drop down said controlling edge of said solar panel. 4. The collapsible solar system of claim 3 wherein said guiding arm has an outer threaded portion provided between said pivot end and said free end, wherein said panel driver has a sliding slot for said guiding arm passing therethrough and an inner threaded portion which is provided at an inner wall of said sliding slot and is engaged with said outer threaded portion of said guiding arm, so that when said guiding arm is rotated at one direction, said panel driver is driven to slidably move towards said free end of said guiding arm so as to pivotally lift up said solar panel, and when said guiding arm is rotated at an opposed direction, said panel driver is driven to slidably move towards said pivot end of said guiding arm so as to pivotally drop up said solar panel. 5. The collapsible solar system of claim 4 wherein said vertical driving unit further comprises a vertical servo coupling at said pivot end of said guiding arm to drive said guiding arm to rotate, wherein when said guiding arm is retained in an inclined manner, said guiding arm is driven to rotate via said vertical servo to drive said panel driver to slidably move along said guiding arm so as to pivotally lift up said solar panel at said controlling edge thereof until said solar panel is pivotally folded at said inclination angle to be perpendicular to the direction of the sun. 6. The collapsible solar system of claim 2 wherein said vertical driving unit further comprises a control arm which is supported at said rotational frame and is coupled with said pivot end of said guiding arm, and a control servo driving said control arm in a linear direction to slidably pull and push said control arm for pivotally lifting up and dropping down said guiding arm respectively. 7. The collapsible solar system of claim 5 wherein said vertical driving unit further comprises a control arm which is supported at said rotational frame and is coupled with said pivot end of said guiding arm, and a control servo driving said control arm in a linear direction to slidably pull and push said control arm for pivotally lifting up and dropping down said guiding arm respectively. 8. The collapsible solar system of claim 6 wherein said vertical driving unit further comprises two linear traveling sensors spacedly mounted at said rotational frame for detecting a linear traveling distance of said control arm to determine said inclination angle of said guiding arm. 9. The collapsible solar system of claim 7 wherein said vertical driving unit further comprises two linear traveling sensors spacedly mounted at said rotational frame for detecting a linear traveling distance of said control arm to determine said inclination angle of said guiding arm. 10. The collapsible solar system of claim 1 wherein said sunlight tracking arrangement further comprises a control module operatively controlling said horizontal and vertical driving units, and a light sensing module provided at said controlling edge of said solar panel to detect the direction of the sun, so that when said control module receives a control signal from said light sensing module, said control module automatically controls said horizontal and vertical driving units to move said solar panel until said solar panel is pivotally folded to be perpendicular to the direction of the sun. 11. The collapsible solar system of claim 5 wherein said sunlight tracking arrangement further comprises a control module operatively controlling said horizontal and vertical driving units, and a light sensing module provided at said controlling edge of said solar panel to detect the direction of the sun, so that when said control module receives a control signal from said light sensing module, said control module automatically controls said horizontal and vertical driving units to move said solar panel until said solar panel is pivotally folded to be perpendicular to the direction of the sun. 12. The collapsible solar system of claim 9 wherein said sunlight tracking arrangement further comprises a control module operatively controlling said horizontal and vertical driving units, and a light sensing module provided at said controlling edge of said solar panel to detect the direction of the sun, so that when said control module receives a control signal from said light sensing module, said control module automatically controls said horizontal and vertical driving units to move said solar panel until said solar panel is pivotally folded to be perpendicular to the direction of the sun. 13. The collapsible solar system of claim 10 wherein said light sensing module comprises one or more light sensor units spacedly mounted at two corner portions of said solar panel along said controlling edge thereof respectively, wherein each of said light sensor units comprises a sensor housing having an aperture, and two or more light sensors received in said sensor housing to partially align with said aperture, so that when said solar panel is facing to the sun, each of said light sensors is half illuminated for accurately adjust an alignment of said solar panel with respect to the direction of the sun. 14. The collapsible solar system of claim 11 wherein said light sensing module comprises one or more light sensor units spacedly mounted at two corner portions of said solar panel along said controlling edge thereof respectively, wherein each of said light sensor units comprises a sensor housing having an aperture, and two or more light sensors received in said sensor housing to partially align with said aperture, so that when said solar panel is facing to the sun, each of said light sensors is half illuminated for accurately adjust an alignment of said solar panel with respect to the direction of the sun. 15. The collapsible solar system of claim 12 wherein said light sensing module comprises one or more light sensor units spacedly mounted at two corner portions of said solar panel along said controlling edge thereof respectively, wherein each of said light sensor units comprises a sensor housing having an aperture, and two or more light sensors received in said sensor housing to partially align with said aperture, so that when said solar panel is facing to the sun, each of said light sensors is half illuminated for accurately adjust an alignment of said solar panel with respect to the direction of the sun. 16. The collapsible solar system of claim 1 wherein said horizontal driving unit comprises a plurality of supporting wheels spacedly mounted at said rotational frame dose to said second edge thereof, a plurality of driving wheels spacedly mounted at said rotational frame close to said first edge thereof, and a plurality of direct drive horizontal servos operatively coupling with said driving wheels to drive said driving wheels to rotate respectively so as to rotationally turn said rotational frame on said supporting base. 17. The collapsible solar system of claim 5 wherein said horizontal driving unit comprises a plurality of supporting wheels spacedly mounted at said rotational frame close to said second edge thereof, a plurality of driving wheels spacedly mounted at said rotational frame close to said first edge thereof, and a plurality of direct drive horizontal servos operatively coupling with said driving wheels to drive said driving wheels to rotate respectively so as to rotationally turn said rotational frame on said supporting base. 18. The collapsible solar system of claim 15 wherein said horizontal driving unit comprises a plurality of supporting wheels spacedly mounted at said rotational frame dose to said second edge thereof, a plurality of driving wheels spacedly mounted at said rotational frame close to said first edge thereof, and a plurality of direct drive horizontal servos operatively coupling with said driving wheels to drive said driving wheels to rotate respectively so as to rotationally turn said rotational frame on said supporting base. 19. The collapsible solar system of claim 1 further comprising a remote controller wirelessly controlling said sunlight tracking arrangement at an "off" mode that said horizontal driving unit and said vertical driving unit are deactivated to retain said solar panel at its halt position, and at an "operative" mode that said horizontal driving unit and said vertical driving unit are activated at a "resume tracking mode" to start actuating said solar panel for tracking the direction of the sun. 20. The collapsible solar system of claim 5 further comprising a remote controller wirelessly controlling said sunlight tracking arrangement at an "off" mode that said horizontal driving unit and said vertical driving unit are deactivated to retain said solar panel at its halt position, and at an "operative" mode that said horizontal driving unit and said vertical driving unit are activated at a "resume tracking mode" to start actuating said solar panel for tracking the direction of the sun. 21. The collapsible solar system of claim 18 further comprising a remote controller wirelessly controlling said sunlight tracking arrangement at an "off" mode that said horizontal driving unit and said vertical driving unit are deactivated to retain said solar panel at its halt position, and at an "operative" mode that said horizontal driving unit and said vertical driving unit are activated at a "resume tracking mode" to start actuating said solar panel for tracking the direction of the sun. 22. The collapsible solar system of claim 7 wherein said vertical driving unit further comprises a first housing affixed to said second edge of said rotational frame and a second housing which is pivotally coupled with said first housing and is securely housing with said pivot end of said guiding arm, wherein two pivot protrusions of said first housing is slidably engaged with two arc-shaped slots of said second housing respectively, wherein said pivot protrusions are aligned with a pivot point of said panel driver when said guiding arm is pivotally lifted up from its horizontal position to its inclined position, wherein said pivot protrusions are slid from inner ends of said arc-shaped slots to outer ends thereof when said solar panel is pivotally lifted up from its stored position to its tracking position. 23. The collapsible solar system of claim 15 wherein said vertical driving unit further comprises a first housing affixed to said second edge of said rotational frame and a second housing which is pivotally coupled with said first housing and is securely housing with said pivot end of said guiding arm, wherein two pivot protrusions of said first housing is slidably engaged with two arc-shaped slots of said second housing respectively, wherein said pivot protrusions are aligned with a pivot point off said panel driver when said guiding arm is pivotally lifted up from its horizontal position to its inclined position, wherein said pivot protrusions are slid from inner ends of said arc-shaped slots to outer ends thereof when said solar panel is pivotally lifted up from its stored position to its tracking position. 24. The collapsible solar system of claim 21 wherein said vertical driving unit further comprises a first housing affixed to said second edge off said rotational frame and a second housing which is pivotally coupled with said first housing and is securely housing with said pivot end of said guiding arm, wherein two pivot protrusions of said first housing is slidably engaged with two arc-shaped slots of said second housing respectively, wherein said pivot protrusions are aligned with a pivot point of said panel driver when said guiding arm is pivotally lifted up from its horizontal position to its inclined position, wherein said pivot protrusions are slid from inner ends of said arc-shaped slots to outer ends thereof when said solar panel is pivotally lifted up from its stored position to its tracking position. 25. The collapsible solar system of claim 15 wherein said horizontal driving unit comprises four spaced apart supporting wheels mounted at said rotational frame, a driving gear supported at a center of said rotational frame, and a horizontal servo coupling with said driving gear via an endless driving chain, so that when said horizontal servo is actuated to drive said driving gear to rotate via said driving chain, said rotational frame is turned on said supporting base. 26. The collapsible solar system of claim 25 further comprising a remote controller wirelessly controlling said sunlight tracking arrangement at an "off" mode that said horizontal driving unit and said vertical driving unit are deactivated to retain said solar panel at its halt position, and at an "operative" mode that said horizontal driving unit and said vertical driving unit are activated at a "resume tracking mode" to start actuating said solar panel for tracking the direction of the sun. 