Embodiments relate to a photovoltaic module for generating electricity from solar energy, said photovoltaic module comprising a base substrate; one or more photovoltaic strips arranged over said base substrate, wherein spaces are formed in between adjacent photovoltaic strips; a plurality of optical vees placed in the spaces between said photovoltaic strips, such that one or more cavities are formed between said optical vees; and a plurality of pre-molded concentrating elements are placed on the photovoltaic strips, and re-molded over the photovoltaic strips to form re-molded concentrating elements, wherein said concentrating elements take the shape of said cavities. Other embodiments include systems for generating electricity using the photovoltaic module. Yet other embodiments relate to methods of manufacturing the photovoltaic module and systems for generating electricity using the photovoltaic module
Claims 1. A photovoltaic module for generating electricity from solar energy, said photovoltaic module comprising: a base substrate; one or more photovoltaic strips arranged over said base substrate, wherein spaces are formed in between adjacent photovoltaic strips; a plurality of optical vees placed in the spaces between said photovoltaic strips, such that one or more cavities are formed between said optical vees; and one or more re-molded concentrating elements for concentrating solar energy over said photovoltaic strips, said re-molded concentrating elements being formed by re-molding one or more pre-molded concentrating elements over said cavities, such that said re-molded concentrating elements take the shape of said cavities. 2. The photovoltaic module of claim 1 further comprising a transparent member positioned over said re-molded concentrating elements. 3. The photovoltaic module of claim 2, wherein the refractive index of said transparent member is substantially similar to the refractive index of at least a portion of said re-molded concentrating elements. 4. The photovoltaic module of claim 2, wherein said transparent member is coated with an anti-reflective coating to reduce loss of solar energy incident on said photovoltaic module. 5. The photovoltaic module of claim 1 further comprising a laminate encapsulating said base substrate, said photovoltaic strips, said optical vees and said re-molded concentrating elements, thereby holding said photovoltaic module together. 6. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, said photovoltaic strips are connected through one or more conductors in a predefined manner, wherein the predefined manner is a series and/or parallel arrangement. 7. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, wherein said optical vees comprise: a first medium; and a second medium underlying said first medium, wherein the ratio of the refractive index of said first medium and the refractive index of said second medium is greater than one. 8. The photovoltaic module of claim 7, wherein the refractive index of said first medium is substantially similar to the refractive index of said re-molded concentrating elements, such that the medium boundary between said first medium and said re-molded concentrating elements is optically transparent. 9. The photovoltaic module of claim 7, wherein said first medium is selected from the group consisting of plastics, glass, acrylics, and transparent polymeric materials. 10. The photovoltaic module of claim 7, wherein said second medium is selected from the group consisting of air and vacuum. 11. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, wherein the refractive index of said re-molded concentrating elements is greater than the refractive index of said optical vees. 12. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, wherein said polymeric material is selected from the group consisting of ethyl vinyl acetate (EVA), poly vinyl butyral (PVB), a silicone, thermoplastic poly-urethane (TPU), an acrylic, a polycarbonate, and a synthetic resin. 13. A photovoltaic module, said photovoltaic module comprising: a base substrate; converting means for converting solar energy into electrical energy, said converting means being arranged being arranged over said base substrate with spaces in between adjacent converting means; and concentrating means for concentrating solar energy over said converting means, said concentrating means comprising: a plurality of optical vees placed in the spaces between said photovoltaic strips, such that one or more cavities are formed between said optical vees; and one or more re-molded concentrating elements for concentrating solar energy over said photovoltaic strips, said re-molded concentrating elements being formed by re-molding one or more pre-molded concentrating elements over said cavities, such that said re-molded concentrating elements take the shape of said cavities. 14. The photovoltaic module of claim 13 further comprising transparent means for covering said concentrating means. 15. The photovoltaic module of claim 13 further comprising a laminating means for encapsulating said base substrate, said converting means, said concentrating means, thereby holding said photovoltaic module together. 16. A system for manufacturing a photovoltaic module, said system comprising: a strip-arranger for arranging said photovoltaic strips over a base substrate, wherein spaces are formed in between adjacent photovoltaic strips, said photovoltaic strips are capable of converting solar energy into electrical energy; a stringer for connecting said photovoltaic strips through one or more conductors in a predefined manner; an optical-vee-placer for placing a plurality of optical vees in said spaces between said photovoltaic strips, such that one or more cavities are formed between said optical vees; a concentrator placer for placing one or more pre-molded concentrating elements over said cavities; and a heater for heating said pre-molded concentrating elements to form one or more re-molded concentrating elements, such that said re-molded concentrating elements take the shape of said cavities. 17. The system of claim 16, wherein the refractive index of said re-molded concentrating elements is greater than the refractive index of said optical vees. 18. The system of claim 16 further comprising a dicer for dicing one or more semiconductor sheets into said photovoltaic strips. 19. The system of claim 16, wherein the predefined manner is a series and/or parallel arrangement. 20. A system for generating electricity from solar energy, said system comprising: a photovoltaic module, said photovoltaic module comprising: a base substrate for providing support to said photovoltaic module; one or more photovoltaic strips arranged over said base substrate, wherein spaces are formed in between adjacent photovoltaic strips, wherein said photovoltaic strips are connected through one or more conductors in a predefined manner; a plurality of optical vees placed in the spaces between said photovoltaic strips, such that one or more cavities are formed between said optical vees; and one or more re-molded concentrating elements for concentrating solar energy over said photovoltaic strips, said re-molded concentrating elements being formed by re-molding one or more pre-molded concentrating elements over said cavities, such that said re-molded concentrating elements take the shape of said cavities; and a power-consuming unit for consuming charge generated by said photovoltaic module, said power-consuming unit being connected with said photovoltaic module. 21. The system of claim 20 further comprising a charge controller for controlling the amount of charge stored in said power-consuming unit, wherein said charge controller is connected with said power-consuming unit. 22. The system of claim 20 further comprising an inverter for converting electricity from a first form to a second form, wherein electricity is generated by flow of charge stored in said power-consuming unit, said inverter is connected with said power-consuming unit. 23. The system of claim 22, wherein said first form and said second form is selected from the group consisting of an alternate current and a direct current. 24. A method for fabricating a photovoltaic module, the method comprising: arranging one or more photovoltaic strips over a base substrate such that spaces are formed between said photovoltaic strips, said photovoltaic strips being capable of converting solar energy into electrical energy; connecting said photovoltaic strips through one or more conductors in a predefined manner; placing a plurality of optical vees in said spaces said photovoltaic strips over said base substrate, said photovoltaic strips form one or more cavities in between said optical vees; placing one or more pre-molded concentrating elements over said photovoltaic strips in said cavities; and re-molding said pre-molded concentrating elements to form one or more re-molded concentrating elements over said photovoltaic strips in said cavities, such that said re-molded concentrating elements take the shape of said cavities. 25. The method of claim 24 further comprising dicing a semiconductor wafer to form said photovoltaic strips. 26. The method of claim 24, wherein the refractive index of said optical vees is substantially similar to the refractive index of said re-molded concentrating elements, such that the medium boundary between said optical vees and said re-molded concentrating elements is optically transparent. 27. The method of claim 24, wherein the refractive index of said re-molded concentrating elements is greater than the refractive index of said optical vees. 28. The method of claim 24, wherein said polymeric material is selected from the group consisting of ethyl vinyl acetate (EVA), poly vinyl butyral (PVB), a silicone, thermoplastic poly-urethane (TPU), an acrylic, a polycarbonate, and a synthetic resin. 29. A method for manufacturing a system for generating electricity from solar energy, said method comprising: manufacturing a photovoltaic module comprising: arranging one or more photovoltaic strips over a base substrate such that spaces are formed between said photovoltaic strips, said photovoltaic strips being capable of converting solar energy into electrical energy; connecting said photovoltaic strips through one or more conductors in a predefined manner; placing a plurality of optical vees in said spaces said photovoltaic strips over said base substrate, said photovoltaic strips form one or more cavities in between said optical vees; placing one or more pre-molding concentrating elements over said photovoltaic strips in said cavities; and re-molding said pre-molded concentrating elements to form one or more re-molded concentrating elements over said photovoltaic strips in said cavities, such that said re-molded concentrating elements take the shape of said cavities; and connecting a power-consuming unit with said photovoltaic module, said power-consuming unit consuming charge generated by said photovoltaic module. 30. The method of claim 29 further comprising connecting a charge controller with said power-consuming unit, said charge controller controlling the amount of charge in said power-consuming unit. 31. The method of claim 29 further comprising connecting an inverter with said power-consuming unit, said inverter converting electricity from a first form to a second form, wherein electricity is generated by flow of charge stored in said power-consuming unit. 32. The method of claim 30, wherein said first form and said second form is selected from the group consisting of an alternate current and a direct current. 33. A photovoltaic module comprising: a base substrate; one or more photovoltaic strips arranged over said base substrate, wherein spaces are formed in between adjacent photovoltaic strips, said photovoltaic strips are connected through one or more conductors in a series and/or parallel arrangement; a plurality of optical vees placed in the spaces between said photovoltaic strips, such that one or more cavities are formed between said optical vees; one or more re-molded concentrating elements for concentrating solar energy over said photovoltaic strips, said re-molded concentrating elements being formed by re-molding one or more pre-molded concentrating elements over said cavities, such that said re-molded concentrating elements take the shape of said cavities; a transparent member positioned over said re-molded concentrating elements, wherein said transparent member is coated with an anti-reflective coating to reduce loss of solar energy incident on said photovoltaic module; and a laminate encapsulating said base substrate, said photovoltaic strips, said optical vees and said re-molded concentrating elements, thereby holding said photovoltaic module together. 