Generation of renewable energy for, exportation of the renewable energy from, importation of utility generated energy to, and consumption of energy at, a facility are monitored in substantially real time to provide for substantially real time management and reporting of energy performance of the facility. Monitoring of environmental conditions and facility operations of the facility, also in substantially real time and time correlated with the energy monitoring, is performed to further enhance the management and reporting of the energy performance of the facility.
Claims 1. A system for managing energy performance comprising: a renewable energy meter for coupling to an output of a renewable energy generator for a facility, wherein the renewable energy meter is for monitoring generation of renewable energy by the renewable energy generator and for supplying, in substantially real time, renewable energy data representative of the generation of renewable energy, wherein the renewable meter includes a first communications module; a facility energy meter for coupling to an export energy conveying medium, an import energy conveying medium and a consumption energy conveying medium, wherein the facility energy meter is for monitoring (i) export of renewable energy from the facility on the export medium; (ii) import of energy to the facility on the import medium; and (iii) energy conveyed on the consumption medium for consumption at the facility; wherein the facility energy meter is for supplying, in substantially real time, (i) exported energy data representative of the energy exported from the facility; (ii) imported energy data representative of the energy imported to the facility; and (iii) consumed energy data representative of the energy consumed at the facility, wherein the facility meter includes a second communications module; an energy management module for communicatively coupling to the first and second communications modules and for obtaining, in substantially real time, the renewable energy data from the renewable energy meter and the imported, exported and consumed energy data from the facility energy meter, wherein the management module, in substantially real time, processes the obtained energy data for determining energy performance data for the facility; and wherein the management module, in substantially real time, generates rendering data based on the energy performance data. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the rendering data includes display data. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein the management module, in substantially real time, transmits the rendering data over a communications network in response to a request for the rendering data. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the renewable energy data, the exported energy data, the imported energy data and the consumed energy data are time correlated. 5. The system of claim 4, wherein the management module transmits, to at least one of the renewable meter and the facility meter, a request for transmission from the at least one meter to the management module of the supplied energy data for a predetermined time. 6. The system of claim 4, wherein the rendering data includes indicia representative of whether energy is being exported from, or imported to, the facility at a predetermined time. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the rendering data includes at least one of an instantaneous renewable energy generation value, an instantaneous imported energy value, an instantaneous exported energy value and an instantaneous consumed energy value. 8. The system of claim 1 further comprising: an environmental conditions monitor for monitoring, in substantially real time, at least one of an environmental condition in an interior of the facility and an environmental condition exterior to the facility, wherein the environmental monitor is for supplying, in substantially real time, environmental conditions data representative of the monitored environmental conditions, and wherein the environmental monitor includes a third communications module; and wherein the management module is for communicatively coupling to the third communications module and for obtaining, in substantially real time, the environmental conditions data from the environmental monitor. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein the renewable energy data, the exported energy data, the imported energy data, the consumed energy data and the environmental conditions data are time correlated, wherein the management module is for communicatively coupling to at least one of the renewable energy generator and an energy consumption device in the facility, wherein the management module, in substantially real time, generates and transmits to an operations control module, coupled to at least one of the energy generator and the energy consumption device, demand response data determined based on the energy performance data. 10. The system of claim 1, wherein the rendering data is a performance indicator for display on a monitor. 11. The system of claim 1 further comprising: an operations monitor for monitoring, in substantially real time, at least one of an operations condition in an interior of the facility and an operations condition exterior to the facility, wherein the operations monitor is for supplying, in substantially real time, operations data representative of the monitored operations conditions, and wherein the operations monitor includes a third communications module; and wherein the management module is for communicatively coupling to the third communications module and for obtaining, in substantially real time, the operations condition data from the operations monitor. 12. The system of claim 8 further comprising: an operations monitor for monitoring, in substantially real time, at least one of an operations condition in an interior of the facility and an operations condition exterior to the facility, wherein the operations monitor is for supplying, in substantially real time, operations data representative of the monitored operations conditions, and wherein the operations monitor includes a fourth communications module; and wherein the management module is for communicatively coupling to the fourth communications module and for obtaining, in substantially real time, the operations conditions data from the operations monitor. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein the renewable energy data, the exported energy data, the imported energy data, the consumed energy data, the environmental conditions data and the operations data are time correlated, wherein the management module is for communicatively coupling to a regulator of an operations device in the facility monitored by the operations monitor and for supplying to the regulator, in substantially real time, demand response data determined based on the energy performance data. 14. The system of claim 13, wherein the demand response data includes data for controlling an operational component of the device. 15. The system of claim 1, wherein the renewable energy generator includes at least one of a solar panel and wind turbine. 16. The system of claim 1, where the facility includes a plurality of facilities. 17. A system for certifying energy performance comprising: a renewable energy meter having communications capabilities and for coupling to an output of a renewable energy generator for a facility, wherein the renewable energy meter is for monitoring generation of renewable energy by the renewable energy generator and for supplying, in substantially real time, renewable energy data representative of the generation of renewable energy; a facility energy meter having communication capabilities and for coupling to an export energy conveying medium, an import energy conveying medium and a consumption energy conveying medium, wherein the facility energy meter is for monitoring (i) export of renewable energy from the facility on the export medium; (ii) import of energy to the facility on the import medium; and (iii) energy conveyed on the consumption medium for consumption at the facility; wherein the facility energy meter is for supplying, in substantially real time, (i) exported energy data representative of the energy exported from the facility; (ii) imported energy data representative of the energy imported to the facility; and (iii) consumed energy data representative of the energy consumed at the facility; an energy performance certification module for communicatively coupling to the renewable first and second communications modules and for obtaining, in substantially real time, the renewable energy data from the renewable energy meter and the imported, exported and consumed energy data from the facility energy meter, wherein the management module, in substantially real time, processes the obtained energy data for determining certified energy performance data for the facility, wherein the certified performance data includes at least one of (i) a difference between expected and actual renewable energy generated for the facility; (ii) a difference between expected and actual consumption of energy at the facility; and (iii) a difference between expected and actual imported energy at the facility, wherein the performance data is for a predetermined time interval. 18. The system of claim 17, wherein the renewable energy data, the exported energy data, the imported energy data and the consumed energy data are time correlated. 19. The system of claim 17, wherein the management module, in substantially real time, transmits the certified data to a remote communications device. 20. A method for reporting energy performance comprising: monitoring export of renewable energy from, and import of energy to, a facility and supplying, in substantially real time, (i) exported energy data representative of the exported energy and (ii) imported energy data representative of the imported energy, wherein the exported energy data and the imported energy data are time correlated; and communicating the supplied energy data, in substantially real time, to a data processing device, wherein the processing device, in substantially real time, determines at least one of energy trading data and energy usage compliance data for the facility from the supplied energy data. 21. The method of claim 20 further comprising: monitoring renewable energy generated for the facility and supplying, in substantially real time, renewable energy data representative of the generation of renewable energy and time correlated to the exported energy data and the imported energy data. 22. The method of claim 20 further comprising: monitoring consumption of energy at the facility and supplying, in substantially real time, consumed energy data representative of the consumed energy and time correlated to the exported energy data and the imported energy data. 23. The method of claim 22, wherein the energy trading data includes at least one of standardized units representative of the exported renewable energy and carbon footprint savings at the facility. 24. The method of claim 20, wherein the energy trading data includes a carbon footprint value determined based on a carbon footprint measurement scale. 25. The method of claim 20 further comprising: transmitting the energy trading data, in substantially real time, over a communications network. 26. A method for diagnosing energy performance operation for a facility comprising: monitoring consumption of energy at the facility and supplying, in substantially real time, consumed energy data representative of the consumed energy; and monitoring operation conditions of at least one device of a facility associated with energy performance and supplying, in substantially real time, operations data representative of the monitored operation conditions and time correlated with the consumed energy data; communicating the supplied energy and operations data, in substantially real time, to a data processing device, wherein the processing device, in substantially real time, determines energy performance results for the energy performance device, based on the energy and operations data and data representative of expected energy performance operation of the energy device; and providing at least one of feedback and demand response data, in substantially real time, based on the energy performance results. 27. A method for diagnosing energy performance operation for a facility comprising: Monitoring consumption of energy at the facility and supplying, in substantially real time, consumed energy data representative of the consumed energy; and Monitoring operation conditions of a least one device of a facility associated with energy performance and supplying, in substantially real time, operations data representative of the monitored operation conditions and time correlated with the consumed energy data; communicating the supplied energy and operations data, in substantially real time, to a data processing device, wherein the processing device, in substantially real time, determines energy performance results for the energy performance device, based on the energy and operations data and data representative of expected energy performance operation of the energy device; and providing for at least one of adaptive control and self-correction for the device of the facility, in substantially real time, based on the energy performance results. 28. An energy unit comprising: an energy performance result, wherein the energy performance result is determined in substantially real time based on energy data, wherein the energy data includes data representative of export of renewable energy from, and import of energy to, a facility monitored in substantially real time and wherein the export energy data and import energy data are time correlated. 29. A system for managing energy performance comprising: a monitor for monitoring at least one of generation of renewable energy at a renewable energy generator of a facility and export of renewable energy from the facility and communicating, in substantially real time, renewable energy data representative of the generated renewable energy and exported energy data representative of the exported energy; and an energy management module for, in substantially real time, receiving the communicated energy data and generating rendering data based on energy performance of the facility, wherein the energy performance is determined from the received energy data. 30. The system of claim 29, wherein the monitor is for monitoring energy consumption at the facility and communicating, in substantially real time, consumption energy data representative of the energy consumed at the facility. 