Eyewear having radiation monitoring capability is disclosed. Radiation, such as ultraviolet (UV) radiation, infrared (IR) radiation or light, can be measured by a detector. The measured radiation can then be used in providing radiation-related information to a user of the eyewear. Advantageously, the user of the eyewear is able to easily monitor their exposure to radiation.
Claims 1. (canceled) 2. (canceled) 3. (canceled) 4. (canceled) 5. (canceled) 6. (canceled) 7. (canceled) 8. A frame for eyeglasses having a pair of temples, comprising: an electronic radiation detector for sensing an amount of radiation; an electronic circuit operatively connected to said radiation detector, said electronic circuit providing at least radiation Information based on at least the amount of radiation sensed by said radiation detector; and a display device configured to display the radiation information, wherein said radiation detector, said electronic circuit and said display device are at least partially embedded in at least one of the temples of said frame, and wherein the one of the temples has at least an outer surface and another surface, wherein the another surface has an opening corresponding to said electronic radiation detector provided at least partially therein, and wherein the inner surface has an opening corresponding to said display device provided at least partially therein. 9. (canceled) 10. A frame as recited in claim 8, wherein said frame further comprises: at least one additional sensor operatively connected to at least said electronic circuit. 11. A frame as recited in claim 10, wherein said additional sensor is at least partially embedded in said frame. 12. A frame as recited in claim 11, wherein sensor information is produced by said at least one additional sensor or by said electronic circuit being operatively connected to said at least one additional sensor, wherein said frame further comprises an output device to display the radiation information and the sensor information, and wherein said electronic circuit further being operatively connected to said output device to direct said output device to present the radiation information and the sensor information. 13. A frame as recited in claim 8, wherein said frame further comprises: at least one solar element for converting light into electrical energy, the electrical energy being provided to at least said electronic circuit, wherein the at least one solar element is at least partially embedded in at least one of the temples of said frame. 14. A frame as recited in claim 8, wherein the radiation information is related to the intensity of the amount of radiation. 15. A frame as recited in claim 8, wherein the radiation information depends on integrating measured radiation across a duration of time. 16. A frame as recited in claim 8, wherein said frame further comprises a connector that facilitates electrical connection between at least one component of said electronic circuit and another electrical component external to said frame. 17. A frame as recited in claim 8, wherein said frame further comprises at least one additional electrical component tethered to said frame. 18. A method for monitoring radiation for a person, said method comprising: obtaining a pair of glasses, the glasses having at least a lens holder, a pair of temples, an electronic radiation detector and a display device, wherein the pair of glasses may be worn by the person; acquiring a radiation level impinging on the radiation detector of the pair of glasses; and outputting radiation Information to the person based on the radiation level, wherein the radiation information being output is displayed on the display device, wherein the radiation detector and the display device are at least partially embedded in at least one of the temples of said frame, and wherein the one of the temples has at least an inner surface and another surface, wherein the another surface has an opening corresponding to the electronic radiation detector provided at least partially therein, and wherein the inner surface has an opening corresponding to the display device provided at least partially therein. 19. A method as recited in claim 18, wherein said method further comprises: determining whether the person is wearing the pair of glasses, and wherein said acquiring and said outputting are performed only when the person is determined to be wearing the pair of glasses. 20. A method as recited In claim 18, wherein the radiation information being output is at least one of: a numerical value, a word or a graphic symbol. 21. A method as recited in claim 18, wherein the radiation information being displayed on said display device comprises one of a plurality of predetermined graphic symbols, the one of the plurality of predetermined graphic symbols being displayed depends on the radiation level. 22. A method as recited in claim 21, wherein the radiation level can be accumulated across a duration of time, and wherein a first of the predetermined graphic symbols is displayed on the display device when an accumulated radiation level is low, a second of the predetermined graphic symbols is displayed on the display device when an accumulated radiation level is moderate, and a third of the predetermined graphic symbols is displayed on the display device when an accumulated radiation level is high. 23. A method as recited in claim 18, wherein the radiation information being displayed on said display device comprises one of a plurality of numerical values, the one of the plurality of numerical values being displayed depends on the radiation level. 24. (canceled) 25. (canceled) 26. (canceled) 27. (canceled) 28. (canceled) 