A modular system for providing bicycles at a given location according to a desired configuration, the system comprising at least one bicycle rack for storing a bicycle, each bicycle rack comprising an electronic lock for removably securing a corresponding bicycle thereto, each bicycle rack further comprising a corresponding attaching means having an electrical connector operatively coupled to the electronic lock, an energy providing means for providing energy to each electronic lock, the energy providing means comprising a corresponding attaching means having a connector operatively coupled thereto and a structure to be installed at the given location, the structure comprising an elongated base, a plurality of spaced-apart receiving means located on the base, each of the spaced-apart receiving means being adapted for receiving a selected attaching means from the at least one bicycle rack and the energy providing means according to the desired configuration and an electric network interconnecting each of the spaced-apart receiving means to thereby provide a modular system for providing bicycles.
Claims 1. A modular system for providing bicycles at a given location according to a desired configuration, the modular system comprising: at least one bicycle rack for storing a bicycle, each of said at least one bicycle rack comprising an electronic lock secured thereto for removably securing a corresponding bicycle, each of the at least one bicycle rack further comprising a corresponding attaching means having an electrical connector operatively coupled to the electronic lock; an energy providing means for providing energy to each electronic lock of the at least one bicycle rack, the energy providing means comprising a corresponding attaching means having an electrical connector operatively coupled thereto; and a structure to be installed at said given location, the structure comprising: an elongated base; a plurality of spaced-apart receiving means located on said elongated base, each of the plurality of spaced-apart receiving means being adapted for receiving a selected attaching means of the at least one bicycle rack and the energy providing means according to the desired configuration; and an electric network interconnecting each of the plurality of spaced-apart receiving means to thereby providing a modular system for providing bicycles. 2. The modular system as claimed in claim 1, wherein said elongated base comprises a sheet of rigid material having a first outer planar surface, a second outer planar surface and a third central planar surface extending therebetween, each of said receiving means extending on the central planar surface in an aligned configuration. 3. The modular system as claimed in claim 1, wherein said elongated base comprises at least one end suitable for connecting a neighboring elongated base thereto. 4. The modular system as claimed in claim 1, wherein said elongated base comprises a first end and a second end, each being suitable for connecting a corresponding neighboring elongated base thereto, said first end comprising a first connecting device and said second end comprising a second connecting device, said first connecting device being adapted for connecting with the corresponding second connecting device of said neighboring elongated base. 5. The modular system as claimed in claim 4, wherein a corresponding one of said first and second connecting devices of said elongated base comprises a securing device cooperating with the corresponding connecting device of the corresponding end of said neighboring elongated base for securing said elongated base and said neighboring elongated base together. 6. The modular system as claimed in claim 5, wherein said first connecting device comprises at least one male connector projecting horizontally and comprising a hole extending upwardly, and wherein said second connecting device comprises at least one corresponding female connector projecting horizontally and comprising a corresponding hole extending upwardly, each hole of two corresponding connecting devices extending in an aligned configuration when connected together for providing a screw passage, said securing element comprising a corresponding bore extending through the elongated base and a screw adapted for insertion in said screw passage through the bore of the elongated base. 7. The modular system as claimed in claim 6, wherein said first connecting device comprises an additional male connector and said second connecting device comprises an additional female connector, said securing element further comprising an additional corresponding bore extending through the elongated base and an additional screw. 8. The modular system as claimed in claim 4, wherein each of said first connecting device and said second connecting device comprises a corresponding complementary cooperating connecting member. 9. The modular system as claimed in claim 1, wherein said structure comprises a wire housing mounted under said elongated base and extending therealong for receiving at least a portion of said electric network. 10. The modular system as claimed in claim 1, wherein each of said receiving means of said structure comprises an attaching device adapted for cooperating with a corresponding one of the attaching means of the at least one bicycle rack and the energy providing means. 11. The modular system as claimed in claim 10, wherein said attaching device of each of said receiving means comprises a plurality of holes, each of said attaching means of said at least one bicycle rack and said energy providing means comprising a plurality of corresponding holes and a plurality of corresponding screws for screwing said attaching means to a corresponding attaching device of said receiving means. 12. The modular system as claimed in claim 11, wherein the plurality of holes of each of said attaching means of said at least one bicycle rack and said energy providing means and the plurality of holes of said attaching device of each of said receiving means are arranged in a symmetrical configuration adapted for enabling an attaching of said at least one bicycle rack and said energy providing means in a first direction and in an second opposed direction. 13. The modular system as claimed in claim 1, wherein said energy providing means comprise a solar energy providing means. 14. The modular system as claimed in claim 13, wherein said energy providing means comprise a base provided with said attaching means, an elongated member mounted on said base and a solar panel assembly mounted on said elongated member. 15. The modular system as claimed in claim 14, wherein said energy providing means further comprise a plurality of batteries mounted with said base and operatively connected to said solar panel assembly. 16. The modular system as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a bicycle providing means interconnected to the electric network for managing a providing of a corresponding bicycle to a user. 17. The modular system as claimed in claim 16, wherein said bicycle providing means comprises a user interface for establishing communication between said system and a user, said bicycle providing means further comprising a control unit for controlling the electronic lock of said at least one bicycle rack according to a user request. 18. The modular system as claimed in claim 16, wherein said bicycle providing means is integrated with said energy providing means. 19. The modular system as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a servicing module having a corresponding attaching means for attaching said servicing module in a corresponding one of said receiving means, said servicing module being selected from a group comprising an advertising module, a vending machine, a ticket distribution booth and a payment module for renting at least a corresponding one of said bicycles. 20. The modular system as claimed in claim 19, wherein said servicing module comprises a payment module comprising means for communicating with a distant server. 21. The modular system as claimed in claim 1, wherein said electric network comprises a plurality of network connectors, each being provided proximate to a corresponding receiving means of said elongated base for connecting with a corresponding connector of the at least one bicycle rack and the energy providing means, said electric network further comprising at least one additional end connector mounted at an end thereof for coupling a neighboring electric network. 22. The modular system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the electric network interconnecting each of the plurality of spaced-apart receiving means comprises a configuration selected from a group consisting of a parallel configuration and a serial configuration. 23. The modular system as claimed in claim 1, wherein said structure further comprises a set of leveling screws mounted under the elongated base for enabling a leveling of the structure. 24. The modular system as claimed in claim 4, wherein said structure further comprises at least one ending element securable to a respective end of said elongated base, said ending element being selected from a group consisting of an end covering for covering the corresponding connecting device and an upright panel. 25. A method for installing a modular system for providing bicycles at a given location according to a desired configuration, said method comprising: providing an elongated base comprising a plurality of spaced-apart receiving means; laying down said elongated base at said given location; providing at least one bicycle rack for storing a bicycle, each of said at least one bicycle rack comprising an electronic lock secured thereto for removably securing a corresponding bicycle; providing an energy providing means for providing energy; attaching each of said at least one bicycle rack and said energy providing means in a corresponding one of said spaced-apart receiving means of said elongated base; and electrically interconnecting each of said at least one bicycle rack and said energy providing means together. 26. The method as claimed in claim 25, further comprising: providing at least one additional elongated base comprising a plurality of spaced-apart receiving means; laying down said at least one additional elongated base at said given location proximate said elongated base; and operatively connecting said at least one additional elongated base at an end of said elongated base. 27. The method as claimed in claim 25, wherein said given location is selected from a group consisting of a sidewalk, a portion of a street, a parking lot, a park, a beach and a substantially horizontal surface. 28. The method as claimed in claim 25, wherein said desired configuration comprises an initial predetermined configuration defined according to an intended use, said method further comprising: monitoring use of said bicycles for providing current usage information based on said initial predetermined configuration; defining an optimal configuration for said modular system based on said current usage information, said optimal configuration comprising an optimal number of said bicycles and said associated bicycle racks and a corresponding number of elongated bases; and configuring the modular system according to said optimal configuration, said configuring comprising: providing said corresponding number of elongated bases; laying down said corresponding number of elongated bases at said given location; operatively connecting each of said corresponding number of elongated bases together; providing said optimal number of said bicycles and said associated bicycle racks; attaching each of said optimal number of bicycle racks in a corresponding one of said spaced-apart receiving means of a corresponding one of said elongated bases; and electrically interconnecting each of said optimal number of bicycle racks and said energy providing means together. 29. The method as claimed in claim 28, wherein said current usage information comprises a bicycle occupation rate associated with each of said bicycles. 30. A method for providing bicycles at a given location according to a desired configuration, said method comprising: providing a modular system as defined in claim 1; installing said modular system at said given location according to said desired configuration; establishing communication between the system and a user for defining a user request; providing a corresponding bicycle to said user according to said user request; and after use, collecting the corresponding bicycle from the user. 31. The method for providing bicycles as claimed in claim 30, wherein the collecting is performed at another location provided with another modular system. 32. The method for providing bicycles as claimed in claim 30, wherein said providing a corresponding bicycle is done for a fee. 33. A method of doing business in providing bicycles at a given location according to a desired configuration with the modular system as claimed in claim 1, wherein said providing a corresponding bicycle is done for a fee. 34. The method of doing business as claimed in claim 33, wherein said providing a corresponding bicycle is done by a third party. 35. A method of doing business in providing bicycles at a given location according to a desired configuration, said method comprising: providing by a provider a modular system as claimed in claim 1 to a third party; operating the modular system wherein said operating is done by a third party for a fee; and reconveying by the third party a portion of said fee to said provider. 36. The method of doing business as claimed in claim 35, wherein said fee is determined according to an occupation rate associated to each of the corresponding bicycles. 