A method and system for enforcing a return policy by determining whether an article of merchandise has been, used, or not used, within a predetermined time after the purchase of the merchandise. The system including sensor means associated with the article for recording data related to ambient conditions post-purchase, data acquisition means for receiving the recorded data, a comparator for comparing the recorded data to a predefined data set representative of acceptable data values, output means for outputting an outcome from the comparator, the outcome being indicative of whether the article has been used, or not used.
Claims 1. A method for enforcing a return policy relating to an article of merchandise following a predetermined event, the method having the steps of: including at least one sensor with said article, said sensor for logging and recording ambient, conditions data; including article data related to the article; in said sensor; said sensor being located in predefined locations on said article to log ambient conditions data adjacent to said sensor; acquiring said ambient conditions data from said sensors; comparing said ambient conditions data to predetermined parameters associated with said return policy and analyzing said ambient conditions data to determine whether said recorded ambient conditions data is within, the predetermined parameters or outside the predetermined parameters; issuing an output signal indicative of the outcome of said step of comparing said ambient conditions data to predetermined parameters; wherein the output signal is correlated to article use or non-use following said predetermined event, and wherein said article is eligible for return based on said output signal and elapsed time following said predetermined event. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein said ambient conditions data includes data related to at least one of the following: temperature, moisture, humidity, chemicals, vibrations, pulse, location data, physiological data, biological data, electrical activity of the heart, or changes thereof. 3. The method of claim 2 wherein said ambient conditions data are analysed to determine whether the article has been used, worn, laundered or dry-cleaned, translocated while being worn. 4. The method of claim 1 wherein said sensor is activated following the predetermined event, and remains active for a predetermined period following said predetermined event. 5. The method of claim 4 wherein said the predetermined event is the time of purchase, and the predetermined period is time permissible for returning said article to the merchant. 6. The method of claim 5 wherein said sensor comprises a power source derived from any of: RF signals, a battery, solar energy or ambient light energy by nanoparticles, plastic solar cells, printable solar cells, or photovoltaic materials including electrically conductive polymers and nanostructures. 7. The method of claim 6 said sensor transmits ambient conditions data to a plurality of other sensors, and in response, said plurality of other sensors recording said ambient conditions data. 8. The method of claim 1 wherein said article data includes any of the following: date of purchase, merchant data, article data, temporal data, ambient conditions data related to predetermined event, inventory data, SKU, method of payment, customer data, salesperson data, point of sale data. 9. A system for mitigating return fraud of an article of merchandise following a predetermined event, the system including: sensor means associated with the article for recording data related to ambient conditions post-purchase, said sensor means having data acquisition means for receiving the recorded data; a return policy engine comprising an analysis engine, said analysis engine for receiving data from said data acquisition means; a merchant database, a customer database, a return policy database and a parameter database, with predetermined ambient conditions data coupled thereto, to determine whether an article has been used or not been used based on recorded data and predetermined ambient conditions data; whereby said eligibility for return of said article is based on at least an outcome of a comparison between recorded data and predetermined ambient conditions data, elapsed time following said predetermined event, including merchant data, customer data and return policy data. 10. The system of claim 9 wherein said return policy database comprising conditions that must be met for eligible article returns or exchanged items, including return time frame following a purchase, original, condition of the article, non-use of the article, non-washed article, customer data, merchant data; said merchant database comprises any of the following information: description of the merchandise, pricing data, sale or markdown data, gift item, inventory data, SKU, merchant data, customer data, purchased merchandise data, returned merchandise data, statistical data, or a combination thereof; said parameter database having a predefined data set representative of acceptable data values corresponding to ambient conditions for eligibility for return of the article, as dictated by the return policy; a customer database having customer related data comprising: name, address, contact information (email address, fax no., phone no., IM, SMS); ID (photograph, DL/passport/biometric); username/password; cookies, purchase history, return history, statistics. 11. The system of claim 10 wherein said ambient conditions data includes data related to at least one of the following: temperature, moisture, humidity, chemicals, vibrations, pulse, location data, physiological data, biological data, electrical activity of the heart, or changes thereof. 12. The system of claim 11 wherein said merchandise includes footwear, headgear, garments, clothing, jewelry, accessories, handbags, purses, neckties, socks, swimwear, under-garments, timepieces. 13. A method for mitigating return fraud by detecting the use or non-use of an article of merchandise after a predetermined event to determine whether said article is eligible for return to a merchant, the method having the steps of: including at least one sensor with said article, said sensor for logging and recording ambient conditions data; including data related to the article in said sensor; said sensor being located in predefined locations on said article to log ambient conditions data adjacent to said sensor; acquiring said ambient conditions data from said sensors; comparing said ambient conditions data to predetermined parameters and analyzing said ambient conditions data to determine whether said recorded ambient conditions data is within the predetermined parameters or outside the predetermined parameters; issuing an output signal indicative of the outcome of said step of comparing said ambient conditions data to predetermined parameters, said output signal being correlated to article use or non-use following said predetermined event; determining the elapsed time following said predetermined event; wherein eligibility for return for said article is based on said output signal and said elapsed time following said predetermined event. 14. The method of claim 13 wherein said data includes any of the following, date of purchase, merchant data, article data, time, ambient conditions data related to predetermined event, inventory data, SKU, method of payment, customer data, salesperson data, point of sale data. 15. The method of claim 14 wherein said ambient conditions data includes data related to at least one of the following: temperature, moisture, humidity, chemicals, vibrations, pulse, location data, physiological data, biological data, electrical activity of the heart, or changes thereof. 16. The method of claim 15 wherein at least one first sensor is included with at least one is located at a first predetermined location, while at least one second sensor is located at a second predetermined location, such that said at least one first sensor and said at least one second sensor are within a predefined range, said method including a steps of monitoring between said at least one first sensor and said at least one second sensor and determining whether said at least one first sensor and said at least one second sensor are within said predefined range or outside said predefined range, recording any event relating to separation of said at least one first sensor and said at least one second sensor beyond said predefined range, including duration of said separation. 17. The method of claim 16 wherein said at least one first sensor is located on a hang-tag or a label and said at least one second sensor is located elsewhere on said article. 18. The method of claim 17 wherein said event is transmitted to a device coupled to a network for transmittal to said merchant. 19. The method of claim 18 wherein said article is flagged by said merchant as being ineligible for return. 20. The method of claim 15 wherein said sensor is automatically deactivated or "killed" at the expiration of a predefined time period following said predetermined event, wherein said predefined time period is a time frame for which said article is eligible for return. 