The disclosed invention relates to smart light apparatuses compunctions particularly well suited for providing wireless communications between a true vehicle and a died in being towed such as a trailer. A smart light controller comprising a process for his electrically associated with a traditional wiring harness associated with a two vehicle. The smart light controller detects light signals such as stop, left turn, right turn, and lights on and generates a corresponding RF control signals. The RF control signals are transmitted to smart lights associated with a vehicle can configured to receive the RF control signals. The smart light generates a light signal based on the receive control signals.
Claims 1. A smart light controller configured for transmitting light command signals, said smart light controller comprising: a housing defining a first end and a second end, wherein said first end is configured for being associated with a light-command generator comprising light-command signal paths; a control-unit disposed within said housing, said control-unit comprising a processing device associated with a memory and a transmitter electrically associated with an antenna, wherein said processing device is electrically associated with said light-command signal-paths; and wherein said control-unit is configured to receive signals from said light-command generator and transmit a corresponding RF-Command signal. 2. A smart light controller configured for transmitting light command signals as in claim 1, wherein said housing defines a male plug suitable for being associated with a female socket comprising light-command signal paths associated with the electrical system of a vehicle. 3. A smart light controller configured for transmitting light command signals as in claim 2, wherein said second end defines a pass-through-connector electrically associated with said light-command signal-paths thereby providing wired access to such light-command generator signal paths. 4. A smart light controller configured for transmitting light command signals as in claim 2, wherein said second end further a communication-port electrically associated with said processing device. 5. A smart light controller configured for transmitting light command signals as in claim 2, further comprising at least one sensor selected from the group of sensors consisting of: (a) video; (b) audio; (c) temperature; (d) power quality; (e) proximity; and (f) RF. 6. A smart light controller configured for transmitting light command signals as in claim 5, further comprising at bio-sensor. 7. A smart light controller configured for transmitting light command signals as in claim 2, further comprising a security-interface associated with said housing. 8. A smart light configured for receiving light command signals, said smart light comprising: a housing defining and housing-interface configured for being associated with an item-interface; a processing device disposed within said housing, said processing device electrically associated with a memory and a receiver electrically associated with an antenna; an information indicator electrically associated with said processing device, said information indicator configured to display information; a power source comprising at least one of (a) a local power source disposed within or associated with said housing, and (b) a power source interface electrically associated with a remote power source; wherein said power source is configured for supplying power to the smart light; and wherein said processing device is configured to receive RF-Command signals and generate corresponding information indicator control signals that are transferred to said information indicator. 9. A smart light configured for receiving light command signals as in claim 8, further comprising a mode selector electrically associated with said processing device, said mode selector configured for determining a function of said smart light. 10. A smart light configured for receiving light command signals as in claim 9, wherein said mode indicator comprises a magnetic sensor. 11. A smart light configured for receiving light command signals as in claim 8, wherein said housing-interface is a magnetic interface. 12. A smart light configured for receiving light command signals as in claim 8, wherein said power source is a rechargeable battery electrically associated with a photovoltaic converter. 13. A smart light configured for receiving light command signals as in claim 8, further comprising an accelerometer electrically associated with said processing device, and wherein said processing device is configured to place said smart light in a sleep mode when node movement is detected for a predefined amount time. 14. A smart light configured for receiving light command signals as in claim 13, further comprising an sound generator electrically associated with said processing device and wherein said processing device is configured to emit a sound when one of (a) the processing device detects movement in a predefined direction and (b) the process device receives a generate audio signal. 15. A smart light configured for receiving light command signals as in claim 8, further comprising a transmitter electrically associated with said processing device, said transmitter configured for transmitting and RF repeater signal. 16. A smart light configured for receiving light command signals as in claim 15, further comprising an image sensor electrically associated with said processing device, wherein said processing device is configured to acquire an image and transmit image data to a remote device. 17. A smart light configured for receiving light command signals as in claim 8, further comprising at least one of (a) a communication port electrically associated with said processing device, and (b) an input port electrically associated with said processing device, said input port configured for being associated with a wiring harness. 18. A smart vehicle light bulb configured for transmitting RF-Command signals, said smart light bulb comprising, a housing defining a first end and a second end, wherein said first end is configured for being associated with the signal paths of an vehicle light interface and wherein said second end is configured for receiving a light-generator; a processing device disposed in one of said housing and said light-generator, said processing device electrically associated with said light-generator and said signal paths; a memory electrically associated with said processing device; a transmitter electrically associated with an antenna, said transmitter further electrically associated with said processing device; and wherein said processor is configured to detect when said signal paths are conveying a light signal and generate and transmit a corresponding RF command signal. 19. A smart vehicle light bulb configured for transmitting RF-Command signals as in claim 18, further comprising a high powered focused light source electrically associated with said processing device, said high powered focused light source configured for generating a warning signal. 20. A smart vehicle light bulb configured for transmitting RF-Command signals as in claims 8, wherein said processing device is further configured to monitor the power quality of the power being supplied to the smart vehicle light bulb and to turn off said smart vehicle light bulb win the determined power quality falls below a predefined level. 