The invention addresses area utilization and capital efficiency of systems for converting solar energy into electricity. Methods of converting solar energy use photovoltaic cells which are arranged within a concentrated solar insolation flux path on different substrates/boards to collect different respective portions of the radiation spectrum.
Claims 1. In a method for converting concentrated ultraviolet, visible, and infrared: solar flux to electrical energy with a plurality of photovoltaic cells having different band gaps, the improvement comprising: configuring the plurality of photovoltaic cells in a cascade arrangement for processing said concentrated ultraviolet, visible, and infrared solar flux. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein flux travels substantially in a straight line through said plurality of photovoltaic cells. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein said cascade arrangement includes at least two photovoltaic cells arranged with an offset such that said flux is refracted and reflected between successive cells in said photovoltaic subsystem. 4. The method of claim 1 wherein each of said plurality of photovoltaic cells includes one or multiple anti-reflection and/or a reflection coatings for spectrum selectivity, one or more p-n junctions, one or more front conductor contacts, and one or more back conductor contacts for electrical. 5. The method of claim 4 where one or more of said plurality of photovoltaic cells includes contacts for heat conduction. 6. The method of claim 4 wherein said p-n junctions of said photovoltaic cells are made of crystalline materials. 7. The method of claim 1 further including a step of converting heat to electrical energy using a conversion subsystem situated in a path of said ultraviolet, visible, and infrared solar flux. 8. The method of claim 1 wherein said plurality of photovoltaic cells are made from liquid phase epitaxy and/or gas diffusion. 9. A method for converting solar energy to electrical energy, comprising the steps of: a. collecting solar insolation flux by one or more of: a dome of a Fresnel lens system, a parabolic trough parabolic trough, a linear Fresnel lens, a hemispherical bowl collector, a flat absorbing plate, a cylindrical collector, or an active-steering or a motion-free tracking collector with concentration or spectrum splitting function; b. concentrating incident and reflection of said solar insolation flux to a cascade of photon-to-electricity devices and/or heat-to-electricity devices. 10. The method of claim 1 further including a step utilizing the electrical energy to charge an electric storage apparatus. 11. The method of claim 1 further including a step: coupling said electrical energy to a balance-of-system for delivering electricity. 12. A method of operating a solar-to-electricity conversion system comprising the steps: (a) collecting and converting concentrated insolation flux into electrical energy using at least two photovoltaic cells having different band gaps; (b) mounting and housing said at least two photovoltaic cells on at least two separate circuit boards for wherein respective junctions of said at least two photovoltaic cells are on separate substrates or films situated on a respective circuit board; (c) supporting said at least two circuit boards and maintaining a first separation there between; (d) generating an electrical output based on said concentrated insolation flux. 13. The method of claim 10 further including a step coupling a light cavity to one or more of said at least two circuit boards. 14. The method of claim 10 wherein said concentrated insolation flux is received as a focal beam of a defined shape. 15. The method of claim 10, wherein said at least two photovoltaic cells having different band gaps are each paired in a plane with a respective matching photovoltaic cell having the same matching band gap to convert said concentrated insolation flux into electrical energy. 16. A method of converting solar energy to electricity comprising: (a) converting a first spectrum portion of a concentrated insolation flux to electricity with a first photon-to-electricity conversion device situated in a first position within a path of said concentrated insolation flux; (b) converting a second spectrum portion of a concentrated insolation flux to electricity with a second photon-to-electricity conversion device situated in a second position within a path of said concentrated insolation flux; said first photon-to-electricity conversion device being situated in a second position separated from said first position within said path of said concentrated insolation flux; (c) converting heat associated with a third spectrum portion of said concentrated insolation flux into electric energy with a heat to electrical conversion subsystem including at least one of an array of thermoelectric cells and/or thermionic cells situated in a third position within said path of said concentrated insolation flux; (d) supporting said first and second photon-to-electricity conversion devices and said heat to electrical conversion subsystem within a common frame; wherein electrical power can be derived from at least said first spectrum portion, said second spectrum portion and said third spectrum portion of said concentrated insolation flux. 17. The method of claim 16 wherein said heat to electrical conversion subsystem is situated before said first photon-to-electricity conversion device. 18. The method of claim 16 wherein said heat to electrical conversion subsystem is situated after a last one of said photon-to-electricity conversion devices within said concentrated insolation flux path. 19. The method of claim 16 wherein said first photon-to-electricity conversion device, said second photon-to-electricity conversion device, and said heat to electrical conversion subsystem are configured in a linear arrangement. 20. The method of claim 19, wherein said first photon-to-electricity conversion device, said second photon-to-electricity conversion device, and said heat to electrical conversion subsystem are configured in an offset arrangement such that said concentrated insolation flux flux is refracted and reflected between one or more successive cells and/or said heat to electrical conversion subsystem. 21. The method of claim 20, further including a step: transferring said concentrated insolation flux between said successive cells and said heat to electrical conversion subsystem using a first light directing means. 22. The method of claim 16 wherein thermoelectric cells in said heat to electrical conversion subsystem include: a. a cascade of thermoelectric cells of one or multiple types of junction materials absorbing infrared radiation or heat; and b. said thermoelectric cells further including a single or multiple anti-reflection and/or reflection coatings for spectrum selectivity, p-n junctions, front conductor contacts, and back conductor contacts for electrical and, separate heat conduction; and wherein said p-n junctions of said thermoelectric cells are made of crystalline materials. 23. The method of claim 16 wherein thermionic cells in said heat to electrical conversion subsystem include: a. an array of alternating n-type and p-type thermal diodes; wherein said thermal diodes are shaped into columns using a via structure embedded in a multilayer board; c. a hot side conductor contact; d. a cold side conductor contact; e. electrical interconnect to couple said thermal diodes and electrical contacts; f. a single or multiple anti-reflection and/or reflection coatings for spectrum selectivity. 24. The method of claim 16 wherein said photovoltaic cells are single crystal devices formed by liquid-phase epitaxy and/or gas diffusion. 25. The method of claim 16, wherein said first photon-to-electricity conversion device is situated and paired in a plane with a first respective matching photovoltaic cell, and said second photon-to-electricity conversion device is situated and paired in a plane with a second respective matching photovoltaic cell, such that said concentrated insolation flux is converted by a two dimensional array into electrical energy. 26. The method of claim 16, wherein said first photon-to-electricity conversion device is situated and paired in a plane with a third respective matching photovoltaic cell orthogonally positioned from said first respective matching photovoltaic cell, and said second photon-to-electricity conversion device is situated and paired in a plane with a fourth respective matching photovoltaic cell orthogonally positioned from said second respective matching photovoltaic cell such that said concentrated insolation flux is converted by a three dimensional array into electrical energy. 27. The method of claim 16 wherein said solar-to-electricity conversion system is connected to other photon-to-electricity conversion devices and forms a solar energy power generating plant. 28. The method of 16 further including a step: automatically adjusting a spacing of said photon-to-electricity conversion devices at an installation site. 29. A method of converting radiation into electricity comprising the steps: a. providing an incidence, refractance, and reflectance of solar insolation flux to photon-to-electricity and heat-to-electricity subsystems at approximately a right angle through a light cavity; b. further providing an incidence, refractance, and reflectance of solar insolation flux to said photon-to-electricity and heat-to-electricity subsystems at an oblique angle; c. providing a first light directing means to direct the incidence, refractance, and reflectance of solar insolation flux unto said photon-to-electricity and heat-to-electricity subsystems; d. providing an incidence, refractance, and reflectance of solar insolation flux to said photon-to-electricity and heat-to-electricity subsystems at a focal line; e. providing an incidence, refractance, and reflectance of solar insolation flux to said photon-to-electricity and heat-to-electricity subsystems at an oblique angle for the first incident sub-module and at the right angle for the subsequent sub-modules in a cascade; wherein said photon-to-electricity and heat-to-electricity subsystems are in the form of a cascade of photovoltaic and thermoelectric or thermionic cells; further wherein the heat-to-electricity subsystem can be placed at either or both the first incident or the last terminating position in said cascade. 30. In a mass production method for making single crystal photovoltaic cells and/or thermoelectric or thermionic cells the improvement comprising: forming the single crystal photovoltaic and/or thermoelectric or thermionic cells and interfaces by liquid-phase epitaxial growth and/or gas diffusion. 31. The method of claim 30, further including a step of growing a seed layer and/or a sacrificial layer using metalorganic chemical vapour deposition (MOCVD) or an epitaxy growth method. 