A self-sustaining electrical power generating system includes a spring system that stores stored energy, the spring system having an input for recharging the stored energy and an output for releasing the stored energy, wherein the spring system generates a monitor signal based on a status parameter of the spring system and wherein the spring system releases the stored energy in accordance with an output control signal. A generator converts the stored energy of the spring system into electric power. A spring recharge module recharges the stored energy of the spring system in response to a recharge control signal. A control module generates the recharge control signal and the output control signal, based on the monitor signal.
Claims 1. A self-sustaining electrical power generating system comprising: a spring system that stores stored energy, the spring system having an input for recharging the stored energy and an output for releasing the stored energy, wherein the spring system generates a monitor signal based on a status parameter of the spring system and wherein the spring system releases the stored energy in accordance with an output control signal; a generator, coupled to the output of the spring system, that converts the stored energy of the spring system into electric power; a spring recharge module, coupled to the input of the spring system that recharges the stored energy of the spring system in response to a recharge control signal; and a control module, coupled to the spring system and the spring recharge unit, that generates the recharge control signal and the output control signal, based on the monitor signal. 2. The self-sustaining electrical power generating system of claim 1 wherein the spring recharge module includes a solar panel that converts solar energy to electric power. 3. The self-sustaining electrical power generating system of claim 1 wherein the spring recharge module operates in conjunction with at least one of, a wind generator, a geothermal power system, a hydroelectric power system, and a tidal power system. 4. The self-sustaining electrical power generating system of claim 1 wherein the spring recharge module operates in conjunction with a waste water power generation system. 5. The self-sustaining electrical power generating system of claim 1 wherein the spring recharge module includes a battery for storing electric power and a motor that drives the input of the spring system based on the stored electric power. 6. The self-sustaining electrical power generating system of claim 1 wherein the spring recharge module includes a regeneration module that recharges the stored energy based on at least a portion of the released stored energy. 7. The self-sustaining electrical power generating system of claim 1 wherein the generator is coupled to an electrical power system for providing supplemental electrical power. 8. The self-sustaining electrical power generating system of claim 1 wherein the spring system output includes a drive shaft that drives the generator at a rotational velocity, wherein the monitor signal indicates the rotation velocity, and wherein the control module controls the rotation velocity to a substantially constant value. 9. A method comprising: storing energy in a spring system having an input for recharging the stored energy and an output for releasing the stored energy; generating a monitor signal based on a status parameter of the spring system; releasing the stored energy in accordance with an output control signal; converting the stored energy of the spring system into electric power; recharging the stored energy of the spring system in response to a recharge control signal; and generating the recharge control signal and the output control signal, based on the monitor signal. 10. The method of claim 9 wherein recharging the stored energy of the spring system includes converting solar energy to electric power. 11. The method of claim 9 wherein recharging the stored energy of the spring system includes at least one of converting wind energy to electric power, converting waste water flow to electric power, converting water flow to electric power, converting geothermal energy to electric power, converting tidal energy to electric power. 12. The method of claim 9 wherein recharging the stored energy of the spring system includes storing electric power and driving the input of the spring system based on the stored electric power. 13. The method of claim 9 wherein recharging the stored energy of the spring system includes recharging the stored energy based on at least a portion of the released stored energy. 14. The method of claim 9 wherein the spring system output includes a drive shaft that drives a generator at a rotational velocity, wherein the monitor signal indicates the rotation velocity, and wherein the output control signal controls the rotation velocity to a substantially constant value. 