An air conditioning system is provided with selection among multiple power sources and includes an air conditioner and a power selection device. The air conditioner includes a power system, a control unit, a compressor, a condenser, an expansion valve, and an evaporator. The power system supplies power to the control unit and the compressor and the control unit is connected to the compressor. The compressor compresses refrigerant and is connected to the condenser. The condenser realizes heat dissipation and condensation and is connected to the expansion valve. The expansion valve realizes expansion and dropping of pressure and is connected to the evaporator. The evaporator absorbs heat by evaporating the refrigeration fluid and is connected back to the compressor to thereby complete refrigeration circulation. The power selection device is connected to the power system of the air conditioner and is built in the air conditioner. The power selection device includes a distribution selector and an uninterrupted power supply device. The distribution selector is arranged inside the uninterrupted power supply device. As such, the air conditioning system, as a whole, features multiple selections of power input, enhanced efficiency of air conditioning and saving of energy.
Claims 1. An air conditioning system comprising: an air conditioner comprising a power system, a control unit, a compressor, a condenser, an expansion valve, and an evaporator, wherein the power system supplies power to the control unit and the compressor and the control unit is connected to the compressor and wherein the compressor compresses refrigerant and is connected to the condenser; the condenser realizes heat dissipation and condensation and is connected to the expansion valve; the expansion valve realizes expansion and dropping of pressure and is connected to the evaporator; and the evaporator absorbs heat and evaporates the refrigerant and is connected back to the compressor, to thereby complete refrigeration circulation; and a power selection device connected to the power system of the air conditioner and built in the air conditioner, the power selection device comprising a distribution selector and an uninterrupted power supply device, the distribution selector being arranged inside the uninterrupted power supply device. 2. The air conditioning system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the distribution selector selectively receives power input of direct-current (DC) power and alternate-current (AC) power. 3. The air conditioning system as claimed in claim 2, wherein the power input is obtained from a plurality of power sources comprising at least solar power generation, wind power generation, hydraulic power generation, and an electric main, of which at least one or a combination of more than one is selected as the power input to diversify supplying of power. 4. The air conditioning system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the power system comprises a circuit board that receives and distributes different power inputs to provide the power to the air conditioning system. 5. The air conditioning system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the control unit comprises a control switch, a temperature controller and a time controller. 6. The air conditioning system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the distribution selector comprises a power factor correction/PV (photovoltaic) inverter, at least one MPPT (Maximum Power Point Tracking) chargers, and a DC/DC converter, the MPPT charger being connected to the DC/DC converter, which is connected in parallel to the power factor correction/PV inverter. 7. The air conditioning system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the uninterrupted power supply device comprises a charger and a battery. 