A multiple-power-selection heat storage device includes a power selection device, a heating device, and a storage tank. The power selection device includes a distribution selector and an uninterrupted power supply device. The distribution selector is arranged inside the uninterrupted power supply device and controls selection of power input of the power selection device among multiple power sources. The heating device is connected to the power selection device and includes a control unit and a heater controlled by the control unit. The storage tank is coupled to the heater of the heating device and the storage tank includes a container and a liquid contained in the container for purposes of heating. As such, the device of the present invention, as a whole, can be of multiple choices of power supply in supplying of warm air with a saving of energy.
Claims 1. A multiple-power-selection heat storage device comprising: a power selection device comprising a distribution selector and an uninterrupted power supply device, the distribution selector being arranged inside the uninterrupted power supply device and functioning to control selection of power input of the power selection device among multiple of power sources; a heating device selection switch connected to the power selection device and comprising a control unit and a heater controlled by the control unit; and a storage tank coupled to the heater of the heating device, the storage tank comprising a container and a liquid contained in the container for heating. 2. The multiple-power-selection heat storage device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the distribution selector selectively receives inputs of direct-current (DC) power and alternate-current (AC) power. 3. The multiple-power-selection heat storage device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the power input is obtained from various power sources comprising at least solar power generation, wind power generation, hydraulic power generation, and an electric main, of which at least one or a combination of more than one is selected as the power input to diversify supplying of power. 4. The multiple-power-selection heat storage device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the heater of the heating device comprises a heating element selected from a group consisting of quartz resistance filament, infrared ceramics, electrical ceramic heating, and halogen lamp, 5. The multiple-power-selection heat storage device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the liquid contained in the container of the storage tank is selected from a group consisting of water and oil. 6. The multiple-power-selection heat storage device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the storage tank is further coupled to a circulation system. 7. The multiple-power-selection heat storage device as claimed in claim 6, wherein the circulation system comprises at least one air conduit and one fan for distribution of heated air provided by the multiple-power-section heat storage device. 8. The multiple-power-selection heat storage device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the distribution selector comprises a power factor correction/PV (photovoltaic) inverter, at least one MPPT (Maximum Power Point Tracking) chargers, and a DC/DC converter, the MPPT charger being connected to the DC/DC converter, which is connected in parallel to the power factor correction/PV inverter. 9. The multiple-power-selection heat storage device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the uninterrupted power supply device comprises a charger and a battery. 