Systems and methods combining a cluster chamber with linear sources are described. A plurality of wafers is mounted on a pallet. A central robot in a cluster chamber moves the pallet among chambers connected to the cluster chamber chamber. At least one of the chambers connected to the cluster chamber includes a linear deposition source, the pallet moveable relative to the linear deposition source.
Claims 1. A method comprising: receiving a plurality of wafers in a first chamber of a cluster tool; and moving the plurality of wafers under a linear source in the first chamber of the cluster tool. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising moving a pallet under the linear source, the plurality of wafers on the pallet. 3. The method of claim 1, further comprising transferring the plurality of wafers from the first chamber to a second chamber through a cluster chamber in the cluster tool. 4. The method of claim 3, further comprising moving the plurality of wafers under a linear source in the second chamber. 5. The method of claim 3, further comprising transferring the plurality of wafers from the second chamber to a third chamber through the cluster chamber in vacuum. 6. The method of claim 5, further comprising moving the plurality of wafers under a linear source in the third chamber. 7. The method of claim 1, further comprising moving a plurality of pallets under the linear source in the first chamber. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein moving the plurality of wafers under a linear source comprises moving the plurality of wafers under a first linear source and a second linear source. 9. The method of claim 1, wherein moving the plurality of wafers under a linear source comprises moving the plurality of wafers under a plurality of linear sources. 10. The method of claim 1, wherein moving the plurality of wafers under a linear source comprises moving the pallet between a first linear source and a second linear source. 11. The method of claim 1, further comprising mounting the plurality of wafers on a pallet. 12. The method of claim 1, wherein the wafers are solar cell wafers. 13. The method of claim 2, further comprising mounting the pallet on a carrier in the first chamber of the cluster tool and wherein moving the pallet under the linear source comprises moving the carrier under the linear source. 14. The method of claim 1, further comprising mounting the plurality of wafers on a pallet fixed in the first chamber. 15. A system comprising: a first chamber having a linear source and a carrier to move a plurality of wafers under the linear source; a second chamber; and a cluster chamber connecting the first chamber with the second chamber, the cluster chamber having a robot to transfer the plurality of wafers between the first chamber and the second chamber. 16. The system of claim 15, wherein the second chamber comprises a second linear source and a second carrier to move a plurality of wafers under the second linear source. 17. The system of claim 15, further comprising a third chamber, the cluster chamber connecting the first chamber, second chamber and third chamber, and wherein the robot transfers the plurality of wafers among the first chamber, second chamber and third chamber. 18. The system of claim 15, wherein the first chamber comprises a plurality of linear sources. 19. The system of claim 15, wherein the first chamber comprises a plurality of carriers. 20. The system of claim 15, wherein the first chamber further comprises a stationary source. 21. The system of claim 15, wherein the carrier is open. 22. The system of claim 15, further comprising a pallet, the plurality of wafers positioned on the pallet, the pallet moveable by the carrier. 23. A system comprising: a first chamber having a linear source and transport rails to move a pallet having a plurality of wafers under the linear source; a second chamber; and a cluster chamber connecting the first chamber with the second chamber, the cluster chamber having a robot to transfer the pallet between the first chamber and the second chamber. 24. The system of claim 23, wherein the second chamber comprises a second linear source and a second carrier to move a pallet having a plurality of wafers under the second linear source. 25. The system of claim 23, further comprising a third chamber, the cluster chamber connecting the first chamber, second chamber and third chamber, and wherein the robot transfers the pallet among the first chamber, second chamber and third chamber. 26. The system of claim 23, wherein the first chamber comprises a plurality of linear sources. 27. The system of claim 23, wherein the first chamber further comprises a stationary source. 28. The system of claim 23, wherein the pallet is open. 29. A cluster tool comprising: a plurality of chambers, at least one of the plurality of chambers having a linear source and being configured to receive a pallet of wafers, the pallet of wafers moveable relative to the linear source. 30. The cluster tool of claim 29, further comprising a robot to transfer the pallet of wafers among the plurality of chambers. 