A method is provided for producing a hybrid multi-junction photovoltaic device. The method begins by providing a plurality of planar photovoltaic semi-transparent modules. Each of the modules is a fully functional, thin-film, photovoltaic device and includes first and second conductive layers and at least first and second semiconductor layers disposed between the conductive layers. The first and second semiconductor layers define a junction at an interface therebetween. The method continues by disposing the modules one on top of another and hybridly adhering them to each other. At least one of the modules is configured to convert a first spectral portion of optical energy into an electrical voltage and transmit a second spectral portion of optical energy to another of the junctions that is configured to convert at least part of the second spectral portion of optical energy into an electrical voltage.
Claims 1. A method of producing a hybrid multi-junction photovoltaic device, comprising the steps of: providing a plurality of planar photovoltaic semi-transparent modules, each of the modules being a fully functional, thin-film, photovoltaic device and including first and second conductive layers and at least first and second semiconductor layers disposed between said conductive layers, said first and second semiconductor layers defining a junction at an interface therebetween; disposing the modules one on top of another and hybridly adhering them to each other, wherein at least one of the modules is configured to convert a first spectral portion of optical energy into an electrical voltage and transmit a second spectral portion of optical energy to another of the junctions that is configured to convert at least part of the second spectral portion of optical energy into an electrical voltage. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein said step of adhering is achieved by sequentially laminating each of the modules to another of the modules. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein the disposing step includes laterally offsetting the modules from one another. 4. The method of claim 1 further comprising disposing transparent insulating layers between said modules. 5. The method of claim 1 further comprising exposing a part of said conducting layers of every module so that they are accessible for connection to external electrical circuits. 6. The method of claim 1 wherein providing said plurality of modules includes deposition of CIGS based absorber layers. 7. The method of claim 1 wherein providing said plurality of modules includes deposition of semiconductor absorber layers with different bandgaps optimized for enhanced power conversion efficiency. 8. A method of producing a hybrid electro-optic device comprising steps of: providing a plurality of planar electro-optic semi-transparent modules, each of the modules being fully functional, thin-film, electro-optic device and including first and second conductive layers and at least first and second semiconductor layers disposed between said conductive layers, said first and second semiconductor layers defining a junction at an interface therebetween; disposing the modules one on top of another and hybridly adhering them to each other; applying an electrical contact to the conducting layers of each of the modules. 9. The method of claim 8 wherein said steps of providing said plurality of electro-optic modules further includes segmenting said modules into a plurality of segments. 10. The method of claim 9 further comprising aligning said segmented modules with respect to one another and providing electrical connectivity for said segments. 11. An apparatus for hybrid manufacturing of a multi-layered electro-optic device comprising: a roll-to-roll system for feeding a plurality of electro-optic modules, at least one of them being on a flexible substrate, each one being fully functional, thin-film electro-optic device, including first and second conductive layers and at least first and second semiconductor layers disposed between said conductive layers, said first and second semiconductor layers defining a junction at an interface therebetween; an arrangement for monitoring and maintaining speed, tension and temperature of the modules as they traverse the roll-to-roll system; at least one pressure roller to exert a compression force for attaching two of said modules on top of each other in a continuous fashion; and an aligner system for positioning and laterally offsetting one of the modules over another of the modules. 12. The apparatus of claim 5 wherein each module comprises a plurality of segmented modules and further comprising a view-vision system for selecting good known module segments, separating and detaching the module segments from a carrier film, and removing remaining unused module segments. 13. An apparatus for hybrid manufacturing of a multi-layered electro-optic device comprising: a pick and place system for handling a plurality of electro-optic modules, each one being fully functional, thin-film electro-optic device, including first and second conductive layers and at least first and second semiconductor layers disposed between said conductive layers, said first and second semiconductor layers defining a junction at an interface therebetween; at least one pressure member to exert a compression force for attaching two of said modules on top of each other in an automated fashion; and an aligner system for positioning and laterally offsetting one of the modules over another of the modules. 14. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein each module comprises a plurality of segmented modules and further comprising a view-vision system for assisting an alignment process between segments of different modules. 15. A process for manufacturing a hybrid electro-optic device comprising: feeding a plurality of electro-optic modules through a roll-to-roll system, at least one of the modules having a flexible substrate, each of the modules being a fully functional, thin-film electro-optic device, each of the modules including first and second conductive layers and at least first and second semiconductor layers disposed between said conductive layers, said first and second semiconductor layers defining a junction at an interface therebetween; positioning and aligning one of the modules over another of the modules; monitoring and maintaining speed, tension and temperature of said modules while being fed through the roll-to-roll system; exerting a compression force for attaching two of said modules on top each other. 16. The process of claim 15 further comprising a deposition of adhesive layers on at least one side of each of said modules. 17. The process of claim 15 further comprising laminating said modules on top of each other. 18. The process of claim 15 further comprising attaching a sacrificial flexible carrier to at least one of said modules. 19. The process of claim 15 further comprising exposing a portion of said conducting layers of each module and providing an electrical connection from each of the conducting layers to an external circuit. 20. The process of claim 15 wherein said modules are configured as panels and further comprising aligning and attaching said module panels on top of each other. 