A system for generating electrical power from solar radiation utilizing a thin film III-V compound multijunction semiconductor solar cell mounted on a support in a non-planar configuration.
Claims 1. A solar cell assembly comprising a semiconductor body formed from III-V compound semiconductors including: a first solar subcell having a first band gap, a second solar subcell disposed over the first subcell and having a second band gap smaller than the first band gap, and a third solar subcell disposed over the second solar subcell having a third band gap smaller than the second band gap; and a support for mounting the solar cell in a non-planar configuration. 2. A solar cell assembly as defined in claim 1, wherein the support is generally cylindrical in shape. 3. A solar cell as defined in claim 2, wherein the solar cell is disposed on an inner surface of the cylindrical support. 4. A solar cell as defined in claim 2, wherein the solar cell is disposed on an outer surface of the cylindrical support. 5. A solar cell as defined in claim 1, wherein said support is attached to a heat spreader. 6. A solar cell as defined in claim 5, wherein the heat spreader is a metal structure with cooling fins. 7. A solar cell as defined in claim 1, wherein said support is a portion of a solar concentrator. 8. A solar cell assembly comprising a solar cell formed from a semiconductor body composed of III-V compound semiconductor layers including: a first solar subcell having a first band gap, a second solar subcell disposed over the first subcell and having a second band gap smaller than the first band gap, and a third solar subcell disposed over the second solar subcell having a third band gap smaller than the second band gap; a concentrator arranged with respect to the solar cell so that the rays of the incoming sunlight are directed to the surface of the solar cell; and a heat spreader mounted to a back side of the solar cell and including a plurality of metal heat dissipating elements extending away from the solar cell. 9. A solar cell assembly as defined in claim 8, wherein said heat dissipating elements are cooling fins extending radially away from the back side of the solar cell. 10. A solar cell assembly as defined in claim 8, wherein the concentrator is a Cassegrain reflector. 11. A solar cell assembly as defined in claim 8, further comprising a support for mounting the solar cell and making electrical connections to first and second contacts on the solar cell. 12. A solar cell assembly as defined in claim 11, wherein the heat spreader is attached to the support. 13. A solar cell assembly as defined in claim 8, further comprising a cover glass disposed over the solar cell. 14. A solar cell assembly comprising a semiconductor body forming a thin film solar cell including: a first solar subcell having a first band gap, a second solar subcell disposed over the first subcell and having a second band gap smaller than the first band gap, a grading interlayer disposed over the second subcell having a third band gap larger than the second band gap, and a third solar subcell disposed over the second solar subcell such that the third solar subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to the second subcell and the third subcell has a fourth band gap smaller than the third bandgap; and an arrangement for mounting the solar cell including a metal heat spreader. 15. A solar cell assembly as defined in claim 14, wherein the grading interlayer is composed of InGaAlAs with a constant band gap throughout its thickness. 16. A solar cell assembly as defined in claim 14, wherein the grading interlayer is composed of compositionally graded steps with a monotonically changing lattice constant. 17. A solar cell assembly as defined in claim 14, wherein the metal heat spreader makes contact with at least a portion of a back side of the solar cell. 18. A solar cell assembly as defined in claim 14, wherein said first solar subcell is composed of InGa(Al)P. 19. A solar cell assembly as defined in claim 14, further comprising a cover glass disposed over said solar cell. 20. A solar cell assembly as defined in claim 14, wherein said solar cell further comprises a metal via through the solar sell to make connection between a top surface of the cell and a heat spreader element located at a back side of the solar cell. 