Systems, devices, and methods for releasing one or more cell components from a photosynthetic organism. A bioreactor system is operable for growing photosynthetic organisms. Some of the methods include contacting the photosynthetic organism with an energy-activatable sensitizer, and activating the energy-activatable sensitizer, thereby releasing a cellular component from at least one of, for example, a membrane structure, tubule, vesicle, cisterna, organelle, cell compartment, plastid, or mitochondrion, associated with the photosynthetic organisms.
Claims 1. A bioreactor system for cultivating photosynthetic organisms, comprising: a container having an exterior surface and an interior surface, the interior surface defining an isolated space configured to retain a plurality of photosynthetic organisms and cultivation media; and a first lighting system comprising one or more light-emitting substrates received in the isolated space of the container, each having a first surface and a second surface opposite to the first surface, the one or more light-emitting substrates configured to supply a first amount of light from the first surface and a second amount of light from the second surface to at least some of a plurality of photosynthetic organisms retained in the isolated space. 2. The bioreactor system of claim 1 wherein the second amount of light has at least one characteristic that has a value that is different than a value of a characteristic of the first amount of light. 3. The bioreactor system of claim 2 wherein the at least one characteristic is at least one of a light intensity, an illumination intensity, a light-emitting pattern, a peak emission wavelength, an on-pulse duration, and/or a pulse frequency. 4. The bioreactor system of claim 1 wherein the second amount of light has at least one characteristic that is the same as at least one characteristic of the first amount of light. 5. The bioreactor system of claim 1 wherein the one or more light-emitting substrates are configured to supply an effective amount of light to a substantial portion of the plurality of photosynthetic organisms retained in the isolated space. 6. The bioreactor system of claim 5 wherein an effective amount of light comprises an amount sufficient to sustain a biomass concentration having an optical density (OD) value greater than from about 0.1 g/l to about 17.5 g/l. 7. The bioreactor system of claim 5 wherein an effective amount of light comprises an amount sufficient to sustain a photosynthetic organism density greater than 1 gram of photosynthetic organism per liter of cultivation media. 8. The bioreactor system of claim 5 wherein an effective amount of light comprises an amount sufficient to sustain a photosynthetic organism density greater than 5 grams of photosynthetic organism per liter of cultivation media. 9. The bioreactor system of claim 5, wherein an effective amount of light comprises an amount sufficient to sustain a photosynthetic organism density ranging from about 1 gram of photosynthetic organisms per liter of cultivation media to about 15 grams of photosynthetic organisms per liter of cultivation media. 10. The bioreactor system of claim 5 wherein an effective amount of light comprises an amount sufficient to sustain a photosynthetic organism density ranging from about 10 grams of photosynthetic organisms per liter of cultivation media to about 12 grams of photosynthetic organisms per liter of cultivation media. 11. The bioreactor system of claim 1 wherein the one or more light-emitting substrates are configured to provide an amount of light comprising one or more peak emissions associated with the absorption spectra of chlorophyll a and chlorophyll b 12. The bioreactor system of claim 1 wherein the one or more light-emitting substrates each include a respective plurality of light-emitting diodes (LEDs). 13. The bioreactor system of claim 12 wherein the plurality of LEDs comprise: a peak emission wavelength ranging from about 440 nm to about 660 nm; an on-pulse duration ranging from about 1 .mu.s to about 10 s; and a pulse frequency ranging from about 1 .mu.s to about 10 s. 14. The bioreactor system of claim 1 wherein the one or more light-emitting substrates each include a respective plurality of light-emitting diodes (LEDs) in the form of at least one LED array. 15. The bioreactor system of claim 1 wherein the first lighting system includes a source of light and a plurality of optical waveguides for optically coupling the source of light located externally with respect to the container to the one or more light-emitting substrates received in the isolated space of the container. 16. The bioreactor system of claim 1 wherein the first lighting system includes a plurality of optical fibers. 17. The bioreactor system of claim 1 wherein the first lighting system is operable to provide: at least a first illumination intensity level and a second illumination intensity level different that the first illumination intensity level; and is configured to provide at least a first and a second light-emitting pattern from the one or more light-emitting substrates. 18. The bioreactor system of claim 1 wherein the first lighting system further comprises: at least one optical waveguide on the exterior surface of the container for optically coupling a source of solar energy to the one or more light-emitting substrates received in the isolated space. 19. The bioreactor system of claim 1 wherein the first lighting system further comprises: a solar collector; and a solar concentrator optically coupled to the solar collector to provide concentrated solar energy from the solar collector to the at least one light-emitting substrate received in the isolated space. 20. The bioreactor system of claim 1 wherein the one or more light-emitting substrates are encapsulated in a medium having a first index (n.sub.1) of refraction and the cultivation media has a second index of refraction (n.sub.2) such that the differences between n.sub.1 and n.sub.2, at a given wavelength selected from a spectrum ranging from about 440 nm to about 660 nm, is less than about 1. 21. The bioreactor system of claim 1, further comprising: a controller configured to control at least one of a light intensity, an illumination intensity, a light-emitting pattern, a peak emission wavelength, an on-pulse duration, or a pulse frequency supplied by the light-emitting substrates based on a measured optical density of the photosynthetic organisms and cultivation media. 22. The bioreactor system of claim 1, further comprising: one or more sensors operable to detect at least one of a temperature, a pressure, a light intensity, an optical density, a gas content, a pH, a fluid level, or a sparging gas flow rate; and a controller configured to control at least one of an illumination intensity, an illumination pattern, a peak emission wavelength, an on-pulse duration, and a pulse frequency based on the sensed at least one of the temperature, the pressure, the light intensity, the optical density, the gas content, the pH, the fluid level, or the sparging gas flow rate. 23. The bioreactor system of claim 1 wherein the photosynthetic organisms are selected from a group comprising prokaryotic algae and eukaryotic algae. 24. The bioreactor system of claim 1 wherein the photosynthetic organisms are selected from one or more micro-algae. 25. The bioreactor system of claim 1, further comprising: at least one gas source in fluid communication with the isolated space. 26. The bioreactor system of claim 1, further comprising: a second lighting system adjacent to the exterior surface of the container, the second lighting system comprising at least one light-emitting substrate configured to provide light to at least some of the plurality of photosynthetic organisms retained in the isolated space and located proximate to a portion of the interior surface of the container. 27. The bioreactor system of claim 1 wherein a substantial portion of the container comprises a transparent or translucent material that allows light to pass from the exterior surface to the plurality of photosynthetic organisms and cultivation media retained in the isolated space. 28. The bioreactor system of claim 1 wherein a substantial portion of the container comprises transparent or translucent material selected from glasses, PYREX.RTM. glasses, plexi-glasses, acrylics, polymethacrylates, plastics, polymers, or combinations or composites thereof. 29. The bioreactor system of claim 1 wherein the container comprises an open air tank defining at least one opening to the isolated space such that a sufficient amount sunlight and a sufficient amount of ambient gases, external to the container, can pass through the at least one opening and to the plurality of photosynthetic organisms. 30. A method of operating a bioreactor system for providing light energy to a substantial portion of a plurality of photosynthetic organisms in liquid growth media within a bioreactor, comprising: providing a plurality of photosynthetic organisms and a cultivation media to an isolated space defined by an interior surface of a bioreactor containment structure; vertically mixing the photosynthetic organisms included in the liquid growth media; and operating a plurality of light-energy-supplying substrates received within the isolated space of the bioreactor, each of the light-energy supplying substrates having a first side and a second side opposite to the first side, the first and the second sides including one or more light-energy-supplying elements that form part of a light-energy-supplying area to supply an effective amount of light energy from the light-energy-supplying substrates to a substantial portion of the plurality of photosynthetic organisms in the isolated space. 31. The method of claim 30 wherein operating a plurality of light-energy-supplying substrates includes operating a plurality of LEDs to deliver a peak emission wavelength ranging from about 440 nm to about 660 nm, an on-pulse duration ranging from about 1 .mu.s to about 10 s, and a pulse frequency ranging from about 1 .mu.s to about 10 s. 32. The method of claim 30 wherein operating a plurality of light-energy-supplying substrates includes operating at least one light source externally located to the isolated space to provide light to the plurality of light-energy-supplying substrates via a plurality of optical waveguides optically coupled between the at least one light source and the plurality of light-energy-supplying substrates received within the isolated space of the bioreactor. 33. The method of claim 30 wherein operating a plurality of light-energy-supplying substrates includes operating the plurality of light-energy-supplying substrates each comprising a surface coating having a first index (n.sub.1) of refraction such that a difference between the first index (n.sub.1) of refraction and a second index of refraction (n.sub.2) from the cultivation media at a given wavelength selected from a spectrum ranging from about 440 nm to about 660 nm, is less than about 1. 34. The method of claim 30 wherein operating a plurality of light-energy-supplying substrates comprises operating a sufficient number of the one or more light-energy-supplying substrates that form part of a light-energy-supplying area, such that a ratio of light-energy-supplying area to a volume of the isolated space of the bioreactor containment structure is greater than about 0.005 m.sup.2/Liter. 35. The method of claim 30 wherein operating a plurality of light-energy-supplying substrates to supply an effective amount of light energy from the light-energy-supplying substrates includes operating the plurality of light-energy-supply substrates to supply an amount sufficient to sustain a biomass concentration having an optical density (OD) value greater than from about 0.1 g/l to about 17.5 g/l. 36. The method of claim 30 wherein operating a plurality of light-energy-supplying substrates to supply an effective amount of light energy from the light-energy-supplying substrates includes operating the plurality of light-energy-supplying substrates to supply an amount sufficient to sustain a photosynthetic organism density greater than about 10 gram (dry mass) of photosynthetic organism per liter of cultivation media. 37. The method of claim 30, further comprising: axially mixing the photosynthetic organisms included in the liquid cultivation media. 38. The method of claim 30, further comprising: agitating the photosynthetic organisms in liquid cultivation media during photosynthesis. 39. A photosynthetic biomass cultivation system, comprising: a controller configured to automatically control at least one process variable associated with cultivating a photosynthetic biomass; and a bioreactor comprising: a structure having an exterior surface and an interior surface, the interior surface defining an isolated space configured to retain the photosynthetic biomass suspended in cultivation media; and a lighting system comprising one or more light-emitting elements including a light-emitting area received in the isolated space of the structure, the light-emitting area forming part of a light-emitting-area to reactor-volume interface. 40. The system of claim 39 wherein a ratio of the light-emitting area to bioreactor volume ranges from about 0.005 m.sup.2/L to about 0.1 m.sup.2/L. 41. The system of claim 39 wherein the one or more light-emitting elements take the form of a plurality of two-dimensional arrays of light-emitting diodes (LEDs). 42. The system of claim 39 wherein the one or more light-emitting elements take the form of at least one three-dimensional array of light-emitting diodes (LEDs). 43. The system of claim 39, further comprising: one or more sensors operable to sense at least one of a temperature, a pressure, a light intensity, a density, a gas content, a pH, a fluid level, a sparging gas flow rate, a salinity, a fluorescence, an absorption, a mixing, or a turbulence. 44. The system of claim 39 wherein the at least one process variable includes at least one of a bioreactor interior temperature, a bioreactor pressure, a pH level, a nutrient flow, a cultivation media flow, a gas flow, a carbon dioxide gas flow, an oxygen gas flow, or a light supply. 45. A bioreactor system configured to adjust a light exposure of photosynthetic organisms located in the bioreactor, the bioreactor comprising: at least a first level to support a first surface layer of photosynthetic organisms; a second level to support a second surface layer of photosynthetic organisms, the first level physically separated from the second level; and a lighting system arranged to direct a first amount of light toward the first surface layer of photosynthetic organisms and further arranged to direct a second amount of light toward the second surface layer of photosynthetic organisms. 46. The bioreactor system of claim 45 wherein the lighting system is configured to provide the first amount of light having at least one characteristic having a first value suitable for growth of algae from a first phyla and the second surface having a second value that is configured to provide the second amount of light having at least one characteristic suitable for growth of algae from a second phyla, the second value different than the first value. 47. The bioreactor system of claim 45 wherein the first level is physically separated from the second level by a structural partition. 48. The bioreactor system of claim 45 wherein the lighting system includes a plurality of light-emitting diodes (LEDs). 49. The bioreactor system of claim 45 wherein the lighting system includes a plurality of fiber optic waveguides. 50. The bioreactor system of claim 45 wherein the lighting system directs artificial light toward the respective surface layers of photosynthetic organisms in the bioreactor. 51. The bioreactor system of claim 45 wherein the lighting system directs natural light toward the respective surface layers of the photosynthetic organisms in the bioreactor. 52. The bioreactor system of claim 45, further comprising: a solar collector system coupled to the lighting system, the solar collector configured to receive sunlight; wherein the lighting system optically couples at least a portion of the received sunlight toward the respective surface layers of the photosynthetic organisms in the bioreactor vessel. 53. A method for increasing a ratio of light-emitting-area to a photobioreactor-volume interface of a photobioreactor, the method comprising: directing an effluent stream to the photobioreactor, the photobioreactor comprising a structure having an inner surface defining a photobioreactor volume; separating the effluent stream to direct one portion of the effluent stream to a first region of the photobioreactor, the first region holding a first amount of algae and to direct another portion of the effluent stream to a second region of the photobioreactor, the second region holding a second amount of algae; and directing light from a light source toward at least some of the algae in the bioreactor to encourage a photosynthetic reaction in the algae, the light source comprising one or more light-emitting elements including a first and a second light-emitting area, the first and the second light-emitting areas forming part of a light-emitting-area to photobioreactor-volume interface. 54. The method of claim 53 wherein the effluent stream includes the first amount and the second amount of algae. 55. The method of claim 53 wherein the first amount of algae is a first type of algae and the second amount of algae is a different type of algae. 56. The method of claim 53, further comprising: agitating the algae during photosynthesis. 57. The method of claim 53 wherein directing light from the light source includes directing natural light via a fiber optic network. 58. The method of claim 53 wherein directing light from the light source includes directing light from a light-emitting diode (LED). 59. The method of claim 53, further comprising: receiving sunlight in a solar collector. 60. The method of claim 53 wherein directing the effluent stream further includes directing the effluent stream through auxiliary delivery system in the bioreactor, which is in the form of a reservoir. 61. A bioreactor system for producing biofuel from algae, the system comprising: a bioreactor vessel; a lighting system retained within the bioreactor vessel and arranged to direct an amount of light on at least some algae located within the bioreactor vessel, the lighting system respectively oriented within the bioreactor vessel to increase a photosynthetic process of the algae; a control system configured to monitor and/or control at least one environmental condition within the bioreactor vessel; and a light source optically coupled to the lighting system. 62. The bioreactor system of claim 61, further comprising: an extraction system coupled to the bioreactor vessel to extract lipid, a medical compound, and/or a labeled compound from the algae within the bioreactor vessel. 63. The bioreactor system of claim 62 wherein the extraction system includes at least one press operable to urge the lipid from the algae. 64. The bioreactor system of claim 62 wherein the extraction system includes at least one centrifuge. 65. The bioreactor system of claim 62 wherein the extraction system comprises an extractant injection system operable to inject an extraction selected from the group consisting of: chemical solvents, supercritical gases or liquids, hexane, acetone, liquid petroleum products, and primary alcohols. 66. The bioreactor system of claim 61, further comprising: a conversion system operable to convert the lipid to biofuel, wherein the conversion system receives the lipid from the extraction system. 67. The bioreactor system of claim 66 wherein the conversion system employs a transesterification catalyst and an alcohol. 68. The bioreactor system of claim 61, further comprising: a temperature sensor positioned within a first region of the bioreactor vessel. 69. The bioreactor system of claim 68 wherein the control system monitors an output signal of the temperature sensor. 70. The bioreactor system of claim 61, further comprising: an optical density measurement device to measure a concentration of the algae. 71. The bioreactor system of claim 61 wherein the light source comprises a plurality of light-emitting diodes. 72. The bioreactor system of claim 61 wherein the light source comprises a solar collector. 73. The bioreactor system of claim 61 wherein the lighting system comprises a network of fiber optic waveguides and optical switches, wherein the network is coupled to the solar collector. 74. The bioreactor system of claim 61, further comprising: at least one or more filters arranged to filter particulates from an effluent stream containing at least some of the algae. 75. A method of cultivating algae in a bioreactor, the method comprising: placing a first species and a second species of algae together in a portion of the bioreactor, wherein the first species includes a first light absorption capacity and the second species includes a second light absorption capacity; and controllably directing light toward the first and the second species of algae. 76. The method of claim 75 wherein directing the light includes directing light having a first wavelength. 77. The method of claim 77 wherein directing light having a first wavelength includes controllably selecting the wavelength of the light to increase a number of photosynthetic reactions in the first and the second species of algae. 