A portable digital and electronic nail color and design kit for quickly and easily applying various images to artificial nails that are affixed to natural human nails, and then changing the appearance of the artificial nails, includes a compact case with color, design, and picture images stored in a computer graphics program and at least three windows for selecting and displaying the various images and a light pen connected to the compact case for transferring the selected color, design, and picture image to the artificial nails by touching the light pen tip to a designated area on the upper surface of the artificial nail thereby transferring the data for that image temporarily stored in the light pen tip to the artificial nail for representation on an exceptionally high pixel count mini-monitor on the artificial nail with the compact case being battery or solar powered, and capable of accessing and downloading images stored on a computer or from web sites via the Internet, and the compact case also including calculator, date/time, and memo pad functions.
Claims 1. An artificial nail decorating kit for decorating with graphic images an artificial nail that is applied to a fingernail of an individual, comprising: an electronic compact case having a window member hingably attached to a base member; the base member having a USB port and a light pen socket; a main menu window #1, a color/design/picture window #2, and a display result window #3 mounted on the window member; the main menu window #1 for displaying thereon a first level category of indicia that include colors, designs, and pictures; the color/design/picture window #2 for displaying indicia in the form of a plurality of colors when the first level category of colors is selected, a plurality of designs when the first level category of designs is selected, and a plurality of pictures when the first level category of pictures is selected; the display results window #3 for displaying a particular color, design, or picture image that is selected from the plurality of colors, designs, and pictures; the compact case including a processor, a graphics-image program, and a memory storage that are-electrically interconnected to the main menu window #1, the color/design/picture window #2, and the display results window #3; at least one artificial nail securable to the nail of the individual; the artificial nail including a miniature monitor, a built-in memory chip and a power source; a light pen having a light pen cable for connection to the light pen socket; and the light pen having a data tip that is brought into contact with indicia displayed on windows #1, windows #2, and windows #3, and with the particular color image, design image, and picture image displayed on window #3 for transferring that respective image to the artificial nail where it is held by the memory chip for a predetermined time period and displayed as a virtually real image by the miniature monitor. 2. The artificial nail decorating kit of claim 1 wherein the compact case is in the off disposition when the window member is closed upon the base member and the compact case automatically turns on when the window member is opened up from the base member. 3. The artificial nail decorating kit of claim 2 wherein the power for the compact case is provided by a battery supply. 4. The artificial nail decorating kit of claim 3 wherein the power for the compact case is provided by a solar power component. 5. The artificial nail decorating kit of claim 4 wherein the power for the artificial nail is provided by a kinetic power supply. 6. The artificial nail decorating kit of claim 5 wherein the power for the artificial nail is provided by a solar supply. 7. The artificial nail decorating kit of claim 6 wherein the miniature monitor is composed of an exceptionally high pixel array. 8. The artificial nail decorating kit of claim 7 wherein the compact case includes a calculator function, a date/time function and a memo pad function that are displayed on and accessed through window #1. 9. The nail decorating kit of claim 8 wherein the compact case can download and store graphic images from web sites located on the Internet. 10. The nail decorating kit of claim 9 wherein the compact case can download and store graphic images from a database of file loaded on a PC. 11. The nail decorating kit of claim 10 further comprising a USB adapter cable for interconnecting the compact case to the PC so that the graphic images can be downloaded to the compact case from the PC and from web sites located on the Internet. 