The present invention relates to a three-phase inverter (1) with a circuit arrangement having a DC-voltage input (2) for at least one direct voltage source, and a three-phase alternating voltage output (15) for feeding into a three-phase alternating voltage mains (19), wherein said inverter comprises a three-phase bridge circuit (20) as well as at least one divided intermediate circuit, wherein said inverter (1) is configured to be transformerless, wherein said neutral conductor (N) of the mains (19) is separated from the central point (M) of the intermediate circuit and the inverter (1) is connected to the alternating voltage mains (19) via a three-conductor connection (15).
Claims 1. A three-phase inverter (1) with a circuit arrangement having a DC-voltage input (2) for at least one direct voltage source and a three-phase alternating voltage output (15) for feeding into a three-phase alternating voltage mains (19), wherein said inverter comprises a three-phase bridge circuit (20) as well as at least one divided intermediate circuit, wherein said inverter (1) is configured to be transformerless, wherein said neutral conductor (N) of the mains (19) is separated from the central point (M) of the intermediate circuit and the inverter (1) is connected to the alternating voltage mains (19) via a three-conductor connection (15). 2. The three-phase inverter as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that the mains filter incorporates at each output of the bridge circuit at least one storage choke as well as at least one capacitor, each capacitor being connected with only the central point (M) of the intermediate circuit so that the neutral conductor (N) of the mains (19) is separated from the central point (M) of the intermediate circuit. 3. The three-phase inverter as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that the divided intermediate circuit is formed by two series-connected capacitors (4, 5) that are connected with the filter capacitors (18) at their link point (A). 4. The three-phase inverter as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that the circuit arrangement is configured to be a Multi-Level circuit arrangement. 5. The three-phase inverter as set forth in claim 4, characterized in that the Multi-Level circuit arrangement is configured to be a three-level circuit. 6. The three-phase inverter as set forth in claim 5, characterized in that the three-level circuit arrangement incorporates three bridge branches, each having series-connected switches and one active recovery branch for each bridge branch, consisting of a bidirectional semiconductor arrangement. 7. The three-phase inverter as set forth in claim 6, characterized in that the bidirectional semiconductor arrangement incorporates two switches (V12, V13 or V22, V23 or V32, V33 resp.) connected in opposite directions of polarity, each having antiparallel diodes (D12, D13 or D22, D23 or D32, D33 resp.). 8. The three-phase inverter as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that an intermediate circuit voltage not including a control reserve corresponds to the amplitude of the conductor-conductor voltage of the three-phase mains (19). 9. The three-phase inverter as set forth in claim 1, characterized by an implementation such that at least one photovoltaic generator (3) may be connected to the DC voltage input (2). 10. The three-phase inverter as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that the bridge circuit is activated such that the voltage between the central point of the intermediate circuit and the neutral conductor of the mains only consists of components of the zero phase sequence system. 11. The three-phase inverter as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that the inverter (1) incorporates a mains filter (21). 