A solar energy devices comprises a plurality of half cylinder troughs along a slanted roof of a static structure. The sun light entering the trough is reflected onto a secondary collector situated at a focus line of the primary collector. Light is directed onto a boiler tube contain a fluid to be used in an appropriate thermal cycle. Solar panels may be provided on surfaces along the secondary collector to power portions of the system. Braces can be provided to support the secondary collector over the primary collector. Reflectors may be provided to redirect light away from the braces onto the primary collector
Claims 1. A solar energy line boiler comprising: a trough having a substantially circular section and a light reflective interior surface; a boiler tube provided at a center of curvature of said trough; a reflector of constant interior reflecting cross-section for transposing light from a focus of said trough to the center of curvature where said boiler tube is provided, said reflector rotatably mounted to accommodate variations in the focus of said trough; and a pump for driving fluid through said boiler tube; wherein said trough is aligned such that an axis of rotation of said reflector is east to west such that fluid running within said boiler tube absorbs and transforms direct solar energy to an energy source for a static structure. 2. The solar energy line boiler according to claim 1, including: at least two troughs, each trough having a boiler tube and a reflector. 3. The solar energy line boiler according to claim 1, including multiple parallel boiler tubes, where a principle boiler tube is positioned at the center of curvature of said trough, and at least one secondary boiler tube is proximally positioned parallel thereto. 4. The solar energy line boiler according to claim 1, including a reflector motion and control photovoltaic system comprising: a photovoltaic panel mounted above said reflector; and a pair of photovoltaic sensor strips powered by the photovoltaic panel mounted to sides of said reflector; whereby the reflector may be positioned by comparing and balancing outputs of the photovoltaic sensor strips. 5. The solar energy line boiler according to claim 4, wherein the outputs of the sensor strips is further used to control said pump for driving fluid through the boiler tube. 6. The solar energy line boiler according to claim 5 wherein the pump provides a fluid pumping rate directly proportional to energy received by the photovoltaic system. 7. The solar energy line boiler according to claim 1 wherein the boiler tube is provided in a convection insulated light transparent housing. 8. The solar energy line boiler according to claim 1 including lateral braces that transverse the trough, boiler tube support for mounting the boiler tube to the braces, and notches provided in the reflector for the tube support. 9. The solar energy line boiler according to claim 8 including bearings for rotating the reflector, the reflector having planar reflective surfaces at each of the notches; tube unions for dismantling and servicing the boiler tube provided in the notches; and an eccentric fluid bypass provided between tube unions within each of the notches. 10. The solar energy line boiler according to claim 1, wherein the troughs form a roofing section for a static structure. 11. The solar energy line boiler according to claim 10, where said troughs are inclined along an east west axis, at an angle of inclination for the latitude of said static structure. 12. A static structure including a solar energy line boiler as part of its roof, the solar energy line boiler comprising: a trough having a substantially circular section and a light reflective interior surface; a boiler tube provided at a center of curvature of said trough; a reflector of constant interior reflecting cross-section for transposing light from a focus of said trough to the center of curvature where said boiler tube is provided, said reflector rotatably mounted to accommodate variations in the focus of said trough; and a pump for driving fluid through said boiler tube; wherein said trough is aligned such that an axis of rotation of said reflector is east to west such that fluid running within said boiler tube absorbs and transforms direct solar energy to an energy source for the static structure. 