A system, method and apparatus are disclosed for abating charge accumulation on a photovoltaic array. In one embodiment, the method includes arranging a portion of a photovoltaic array so that the portion of the photovoltaic array operates above a ground potential; converting solar energy into electrical energy with the photovoltaic array, wherein the portion of the photovoltaic array is predisposed to accumulate a charge on a surface of the portion of the photovoltaic array while the solar energy is converted to electrical energy; and abating charge accumulation on the surface of the portion of the photovoltaic array that operates above a ground potential.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic inverter comprising: a first input configured to couple to a positive rail of a photovoltaic array and second input configured to couple to a second rail of the photovoltaic array; a conversion module coupled to the first and second inputs, the conversion module configured to convert DC power from the photovoltaic array to AC power; a power supply configured to apply a negative potential with respect to a ground potential; and a switch configured to couple the power supply to the positive rail so as to enable a portion of the photovoltaic array that is substantially at a positive potential to be placed at the negative potential. 2. The photovoltaic inverter of claim 1, wherein the second rail of the photovoltaic array is at a negative potential with respect to ground potential. 3. The photovoltaic inverter of claim 1, wherein the second rail of the photovoltaic array is at the ground potential. 4. The photovoltaic inverter of claim 1, wherein the conversion module converts the DC power to AC power without a transformer. 5. The photovoltaic inverter of claim 1, wherein the conversion module is configured to convert the DC power from the photovoltaic array to three-phase 480 Volts AC power. 6. A method comprising: arranging a portion of a photovoltaic array so that the portion of the photovoltaic array operates above a ground potential; converting solar energy into electrical energy with the photovoltaic array, wherein the portion of the photovoltaic array is predisposed to accumulate a charge on a surface of the portion of the photovoltaic array while the solar energy is converted to electrical energy; and abating charge accumulation on the surface of the portion of the photovoltaic array that operates above a ground potential. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein the arranging includes arranging another portion of the photovoltaic array below the ground potential. 8. The method of claim 6, wherein abating charge accumulation includes reducing an amount of accumulated charge relative to an amount of charge the portion of the photovoltaic array is predisposed to accumulate while the solar energy is converted to electrical energy. 9. The method of claim 8, wherein reducing the amount of accumulated charge includes placing a positive potential adjacent to the portion of the photovoltaic array that operates above the ground potential. 10. The method of claim 9, wherein placing a positive potential includes placing a potential of a positive rail of the photovoltaic array adjacent to the portion of the photovoltaic array that operates above the ground potential. 11. The method of claim 9, wherein placing a positive potential includes placing, adjacent to the portion of the photovoltaic array that operates above the ground potential, a potential that is substantially higher than a potential of a positive rail of the photovoltaic array. 12. The method of claim 8, wherein abating charge accumulation includes removing a charge accumulation from the portion of the photovoltaic array while the photovoltaic array is not converting solar energy into electrical energy. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein removing a charge accumulation includes placing a negative voltage at a positive lead of the portion of the photovoltaic array that operates above the ground potential. 14. A photovoltaic module comprising: an energy conversion portion adapted to convert solar energy to electrical energy, the energy conversion portion including a top layer and a bottom layer; a positive lead coupled to the energy conversion portion; a negative lead coupled to the energy conversion portion; and a conductor arranged in close proximity to the energy conversion portion so as to enable the conductor, when coupled to a potential that is at least as positive as a potential of the positive lead, to repel positive charges away from a top layer within the energy conversion portion. 15. The photovoltaic module of claim 14 including: a third lead coupled to the conductor so as to enable the conductor to be coupled to a potential that is greater than the potential of the positive lead. 16. The photovoltaic module of claim 14, wherein the conductor includes a ring disposed about a perimeter of the energy conversion portion. 17. The photovoltaic module of claim 14, wherein the conductor includes a collection of conductors disposed about a face of the energy conversion portion. 18. A system comprising: a photovoltaic array arranged so that a portion of the photovoltaic array operates above a ground potential; and a charge abating portion coupled to the photovoltaic array that is configured to abate charge accumulation on the surface of the portion of the photovoltaic array that operates above a ground potential. 19. The system of claim 18, wherein the charge abating portion includes a negative power supply switchably coupled to a positive lead of the photovoltaic array. 20. The system of claim 19, wherein the negative power supply is housed within an inverter. 21. The system of claim 18, wherein the charge abating portion includes a conductor coupled to a positive potential relative to the ground potential, wherein the conductor is in close proximity to a surface of the photovoltaic array so as to abate a combination of positive charges with negative charges on the surface of the photovoltaic array. 