The present invention generally relates to a simple and cost effective device and method for mounting and supporting solar panels. A solar panel according to the present invention is supported from the backside via a plurality of elongated support members. The elongated support members may have open V-shaped or W-shaped arrangements and may be adhered to the solar panels through strong, flexible glue or double-sided tape that withstands significant environmental loads, such as wind uploading, yet remain flexible enough to minimize stress concentrations in the solar panels. The support members may be attached to a solar panel by a support member attachment module incorporated into an automated solar panel production line. A plurality of solar panels may be field mounted to a solar panel support structure having one or more piles or the like with at least a lower and upper transverse support rails spanning the plurality of solar panels.
Claims 1. A solar panel assembly, comprising: a solar panel having a non-light receiving surface; a substantially V-shaped support member having a corrosion resistant coating; and a moisture resistant adhesive bonding member attaching the substantially V-shaped support member to the non-light receiving surface of the solar panel, wherein the substantially V-shaped member substantially spans a length of the solar panel. 2. The solar panel assembly of claim 1, wherein the substantially V-shaped support member comprises: a horizontal base portion; a first and second flexible portions extending upwardly and outwardly from the horizontal base portion; a first horizontal panel mounting portion extending outwardly from the first flexible portion; and a second horizontal panel mounting portion extending outwardly from the second flexible portion. 3. The solar panel of claim 2, wherein the corrosion resistant coating comprises aluminum and zinc. 4. The solar panel assembly of claim 2, further comprising an adhesion promoter. 5. The solar panel assembly of claim 4, wherein the adhesion promoter is a silane coupling agent and the adhesive bonding member is an acrylic-based double sided tape. 6. A solar panel support attachment module, comprising: a system controller configured to send and receive commands; a solar panel cleaning region configured receive commands from the system controller and clean a non-light receiving surface of the solar panel; a solar panel drying module configured to receive commands from the system controller and dry the non-light receiving surface of the solar panel; a support member placement module configured to receive commands from the system controller and position a support member on the non-light receiving surface of the solar panel; a support member attachment module configured to receive commands from the system controller and attach the support member to the non-light receiving surface of the solar panel; and an automation system configured to receive commands from the system controller and move the solar panel through the solar panel support attachment module. 7. The solar panel support attachment module of claim 6, wherein the support placement module comprises a robotic device configured to receive the support member and position the support member on the non-light receiving surface of the solar panel. 8. The solar panel support attachment module of claim 7, wherein the support placement module is further configured to affix an adhesive member to the support member. 9. The solar panel support attachment module of claim 8, wherein the support member attachment module comprises an automated roller configured to provide a load to the support member as the solar panel is moved through the support member attachment module. 10. The solar panel support attachment module of claim 9, wherein the cleaning module comprises a cleaning fluid nozzle configured to spray the cleaning fluid onto the non-light receiving surface of the solar panel and a cleaning fluid vessel configured to supply a cleaning fluid to the cleaning fluid nozzle. 11. The solar panel support attachment module of claim 10, wherein the drying module comprises a hood and an exhaust device configured to dry the non-light receiving surface of the solar panel. 12. A method for attaching a support member to a solar panel, comprising: receiving the solar panel onto an automation device; positioning the solar panel within a cleaning module via the automation device; cleaning a non-light receiving surface of the solar panel; transferring the solar panel into a drying module via the automation device; drying the non-light receiving surface of the solar panel; transferring the solar panel into a support member placement module via the automation device; positioning a support member onto the non-light receiving surface of the solar panel; transferring the solar panel into a support member attachment module via the automation device; and attaching the support member to the non-light receiving surface of the solar panel. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein positioning the support member comprises robotically receiving and positioning the support member via a robotic device controlled by a system controller. 14. The method of claim 13, further comprising affixing an adhesive member to the support member prior to positioning the support member onto the non-light receiving surface of the solar panel. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein attaching the support member comprises urging the support member against the solar panel via a support panel roller as the solar panel moved via the automation device. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein cleaning the solar panel comprises spraying the non-light receiving surface of the solar panel with a cleaning fluid via a cleaning fluid nozzle. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein drying the solar panel comprises drying the non-light receiving surface of the solar panel via a hood and an exhaust device. 18. A solar panel support assembly, comprising: a lower support structure; a lower transverse support rail attached to the lower support structure, wherein the lower transverse support rail has a plurality of slots disposed therein each configured to receive a solar panel support member affixed to the solar panel; an upper transverse support rail attached to the lower support structure, wherein the upper transverse support rail has a plurality of slots disposed therein each configured to receive the solar panel support member affixed to the solar panel; and an adhesive member affixed to the lower transverse support rail and the upper transverse support rail and configured to adhere to a non-light receiving surface of the solar panel. 19. The assembly of claim 18, wherein the upper transverse rail and the lower transverse rail each comprise a substantially V-shaped support section and a cable loading region. 20. The assembly of claim 19, further comprising a middle transverse support rail attached to the lower support structure, wherein the middle transverse support rail has a plurality of slots disposed therein each configured to receive the solar panel support member affixed to the solar panel, wherein the middle transverse support rail comprises a substantially V-shaped support section and a cable loading region. 21. The assembly of claim 19, wherein at least one of the lower transverse support rail and the upper transverse support rail comprises a tab and a fastener configured to electrically connect the solar panel support member to the solar panel support assembly. 22. A method for mounting a solar panel, comprising: affixing an adhesive member to an upper mounting surface of a lower transverse rail and an upper mounting surface of an upper transverse rail of a grounded lower support member; positioning the solar panel onto the adhesive member of the lower transverse rail and the upper transverse rail; and attaching the solar panel to the upper mounting surface of the lower transverse rail and the upper mounting surface of the upper transverse rail. 23. The method of claim 22, further comprising positioning a metallic support member attached to the solar panel into slots disposed through the lower transverse support rail and the upper transverse support rail. 24. The method of claim 23, further comprising electrically connecting the metallic support member to at least one of the lower transverse support rail and the upper transverse support rail. 