A remote control device for a vehicle remote access system includes the housing, an input switch for selecting a vehicle control function, a control, a transmitter for transmitting a wireless signal from the control to the vehicle remote access system, and an attachment for mounting the housing on or integrating it with a separate article carried or worn by a user. The input switch can be a single pressible member, the number of time spaced sequential activations and the duration of each activation of which is determined by the control member to indicate a selected one of a plurality of distinctive vehicle control functions. The input switch member can alternately be a slidable or a rotary multi-position switch in which each position designates a distinct vehicle control function. A rechargeable battery can be carried in the housing and receives recharging electric power from a plug on the housing which is connectable to an external power supply, a solar cell carried on the housing, or an inductive secondary transformer coil carried in the housing.
Claims 1. A vehicle control apparatus adapted to control at least one vehicle control function, the apparatus comprising: a remote access receiver adapted to be carried on the vehicle and generating signals to operate the vehicle control functions; a remote communication apparatus including: a housing; an input switch on the housing for selecting at least one vehicle control functions; a control carried in the housing, the control generating a signal associated with a vehicle control function selected by the input; a transmitter carried in the housing and connected to the control for transmitting a signal to the remote access apparatus on the vehicle; and an attachment, the attachment mounting the housing on a separate article which is one of carried by and worn by the user. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the attachment is one of a clip, a snap, a band with joinable ends, an adhesive, a pin, a tack, and a magnetic connector the article. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the attachment functions to one of an integrating the housing with the article and attaching the housing to the article. 4. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising: the attachment enabling at least partial concealment of the housing on the article. 5. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the input switch comprises: a multifunction switch for selecting at least two vehicle control functions. 6. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising: a battery power source carried in the housing and providing power to the control and the transmitter. 7. The apparatus of claim 6 wherein the battery power source is a rechargeable battery. 8. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein the rechargeable battery includes one of a connection to a plug for supplying recharging power to the battery externally of the housing, a secondary transformer inductive coil carried in the housing for supplying current to the battery in response to a proximate association with an external current carrying transformer primary coil, and a solar cell carried on the housing and connected to the battery for supplying solar recharging power to the battery. 9. The apparatus of claim 6 further comprising: a battery power level detector carried in the housing and generating the signal indicative of a low battery power level; and an indicator carried on the housing and indicating low battery power level. 10. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the attachment mounts the housing on at least one of a purse, a handbag, a briefcase, a watchband, a belt, a badge worn by a user, a piece of jewelry worn by a user, an article of clothing, a pen, a pencil, and a key case. 11. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the attachment mounts the housing on at least one of a cellular telephone holder, a cellular telephone case, a cellular telephone holster, a cellular telephone battery cover, a cellular telephone bud, and cellular telephone head gear. 12. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the attachment mounts the housing on at least one of a cellular telephone ear bud and, cell phone head gear. 13. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein attachment integrates the housing with a vehicle key. 14. The apparatus of claim 13 wherein the housing is at least 20% shorter than an exposed length of the key. 15. The apparatus of claim 13 wherein the housing is at least 30% shorter than an exposed length of the key. 16. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising: an optical function indicator, carried on the housing, for indicating a vehicle function selected by the input. 17. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising: a visible indicator, carried on the housing, for indicating that a selected vehicle control function transmitted by the transmitter to the vehicle remote access receiver has been received by the vehicle remote access receiver. 18. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising: an RFID circuit carried by the housing and generating an RFID signal. 19. The apparatus of claim 18 wherein: the RFID signal adapted for use to at least one of unlock the driver's door, unlock all the doors, lock all doors, and start the vehicle. 20. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the input switch comprises: at least one of a pressible member, a slidable multi-position member, and a rotary multi-position member. 21. The apparatus of claim 19 wherein: the slidable member and the rotary member each have multiple positions, each position associated with a distinct vehicle control function; and a selector switch, carried on the housing, for inputting a signal from the input switch member corresponding to the position of and the control function associated with the input switch member to the control. 22. The apparatus of claim 20 further comprising: a second input switch carried on the housing, the second input switch coupled to the control and generating a signal to the control, in response to which, the control changes the vehicle control function associated with a first input switch member. 23. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein: the control is responsive to at least one of the number of closely time spaced sequential activations of the input switch and the duration of each activation to select one of at least two of the vehicle control functions. 24. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein: the housing is a separable battery cover of a cellular telephone, the attachment mounting the input switch, the control, and the transmitter on the battery cover. 25. The apparatus of claim 24 further comprising: connections carried by the battery cover and coupled to the control, for supplying electric power from a cellular telephone battery carried in the battery cover to the control. 26. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein: the housing is a thin card; and the input switch, the control, and the transmitter are mounted on the card. 27. The apparatus of claim 26 wherein: the card is one of a credit card and a debit card. 28. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising: the fob including means responsive to a signal received from the vehicle concerning vehicle status, for giving an indication to the user of at least one of the presence of a vehicle system alert and the nature of the vehicle system alert using at least one of an optical indicator on the housing of the fob, a vibration of the housing, and an audible beep. 29. A vehicle control apparatus adapted to control at least two vehicle control functions, the apparatus comprising: a remote access receiver adapted to be carried on the vehicle and generating signals to operate the vehicle control functions; a remote communication apparatus including: a housing; a multifunctional input switch on the housing for selecting at least one of two vehicle control functions; a control carried in the housing, the control generating a signal associated with a vehicle control function selected by the input; and a transmitter carried in the housing and connected to the control for transmitting a signal to the remote access apparatus on the vehicle. 30. The apparatus of claim 29 further comprising: an attachment enabling a user to attach the housing to one of an article that is worn and carried by the user. 31. The apparatus of claim 30 wherein the attachment comprises: at least one of a tab, Velcro.TM., and an adhesive. 32. The apparatus of claim 30 wherein the attachment comprises: at least one of a clip, a snap, a band with joinable ends, and a magnetic connector. 33. The apparatus of claim 30 further comprising: the attachment enabling at least partial concealment of the housing on the article. 34. The apparatus of claim 29 further comprising: an optical function indicator, carried on the housing, for indicating a vehicle function selected by the input. 35. The apparatus of claim 29 wherein the multifunctional input switch comprises: at least one of a pressible member, a slidable multi-position member, and a rotary multi-position member. 36. The apparatus of claim 35 wherein: the slidable member and the rotary member each have multiple positions, each position associated with a distinct vehicle control function; and a selector switch, carried on the housing, for inputting a signal from the input switch member corresponding to the position of and the control function associated with the input switch member to the control. 37. The apparatus of claim 29 further comprising: a second input switch carried on the housing, the second input switch coupled to the control and generating a signal to the control, in response to which, the control changes the vehicle control function associated with a first input switch member. 38. The apparatus of claim 29 wherein: the control is responsive to at least one of the number of time spaced sequential activations of the input switch and the duration of each activation to select one of at least two of the vehicle control functions. 39. The apparatus of claim 29 wherein the attachment mounts the housing on at least one of a purse, a handbag, a briefcase, a watchband, a belt, a badge worn by a user, a piece of jewelry worn by a user, an article of clothing, a cellular phone holder, a cellular telephone case, a cellular telephone holster, a key case, a cellular telephone ear bud, and cellular telephone head gear. 40. The apparatus of claim 29 wherein the housing is integrated with a vehicle key and the housing is at least about 20% to about 30% shorter than an exposed length of the key. 41. The apparatus of claim 29 further comprising: the fob including means, responsive to a signal received from the vehicle concerning vehicle status, for giving at indication to the user of at least one of the presence of a vehicle system alert and the nature of the vehicle system alert using at least one of an optical indicator on the housing of the fob, a vibration of the housing, and an audible beep. 42. The apparatus of claim 30 wherein: the attachment functions to one of an integrating the housing with the article and attaching the housing to the article. 43. A vehicle control apparatus adapted to control at least one vehicle control function, the apparatus comprising: a remote access receiver adapted to be carried on the vehicle and generating signals to operate the vehicle control functions; a remote communication apparatus including: a housing; only one input switch on the housing for selecting at least one vehicle control function, a control carried in the housing, the control generating a signal associated with a vehicle control function selected by the input; a transmitter carried in the housing and connected to the control for transmitting a signal to the remote access apparatus on the vehicle; and an attachment, the attachment mounting the housing on a separate article which is one of carried by and worn by the user. 44. The apparatus of claim 43 wherein: the one input switch is one of a single pressible input switch, a slider switch, and a rotary switch which is adapted to at least one of unlock one vehicle door, unlock at least two vehicle doors, lock the vehicle doors, and activate the vehicle horn and lights, depending upon the number and duration of time spaced activations of the one input switch. 45. The apparatus of claim 43 wherein: the one input switch is one of a single pressible input switch, a slider switch, and a rotary switch which is adapted to only unlock one of a single vehicle door and multiple vehicle doors. 46. The apparatus of claim 43 wherein: the one input switch is activated by one of a flexure of the housing and a squeezing of the housing. 47. The apparatus of claim 43 wherein the attachment comprises: at least one of a tab, Velcro.TM., an adhesive, a clip, a snap, a band with joinable ends, and a magnetic connector. 48. The apparatus of claim 43 further comprising: the attachment enabling at least partial concealment of the housing on the article. 49. The apparatus of claim 43 wherein: the attachment functions to one of an integrating the housing with the article and attaching the housing to the article. 50. The apparatus of claim 43 wherein the attachment mounts the housing on at least one of a purse, a handbag, a briefcase, a watchband, a belt, a ring, a badge worn by a user, a piece of jewelry worn by a user, an article of clothing, a cellular phone holder, a cellular telephone case, a cellular telephone holster, a pen, a pencil, and a key case. 51. The apparatus of claim 43 wherein the housing is integrated with a vehicle key and the housing is at least 20% shorter than an exposed length of the key. 52. The apparatus of claim 43 wherein the housing is integrated with a vehicle key and the housing is at least 30% shorter than an exposed length of the key. 53. The apparatus of claim 43 wherein: the control is responsive to at least one of the number of time spaced sequential activations of the one input switch and the duration of each activation to select at least one of the vehicle control functions. 54. The apparatus of claim 43 further comprising: an RFID circuit carried by the housing and generating an RFID signal. 55. The apparatus of claim 54 wherein: the RFID signal adapted to at least one of unlock the driver's door, unlock all the doors, lock all doors, and start the vehicle. 56. The apparatus of claim 43 further comprising: a battery power source carried in the housing and providing power to the control and the transmitter, wherein the battery power source is one of a non-rechargeable battery and a rechargeable battery. 57. The apparatus of claim 56 wherein the rechargeable battery includes one of a connection to a plug for supplying recharging power to the battery externally of the housing, a secondary transformer inductive coil carried in the housing for supplying current to the battery in response to a proximate association with an external current carrying transformer primary coil, and a solar cell carried on the housing and connected to the battery for supplying solar recharging power to the battery. 58. The apparatus of claim 43 wherein the attachment mounts the housing on at least one of the housing of a cellular telephone ear bud and a cellular telephone headgear. 59. The apparatus of claim 58 comprising: means, coupled to one of the ear bud and the headgear, for supplying electrical power to the control and the transmitter. 60. A vehicle control apparatus adapted to control at least one vehicle control function, the apparatus comprising: a remote access transceiver adapted to be carried on the vehicle and generating signals to operate the vehicle control functions; a remote communication apparatus including: a housing; an RFID circuit carried by the housing and generating an RFID signal used to control the vehicle functions, wherein the RFID circuit communicates with the transceiver for transmitting the signal to the remote access transceiver on the vehicle; and an attachment, the attachment adapted for mounting the housing on a separate article which is one of carried by and worn by the user. 61. The apparatus of claim 60 wherein: the RFID is adapted to at least one of unlock the driver's door, unlock all the doors, and lock all doors. 62. The apparatus of claim 61 wherein: the RFID signal is adapted to start the vehicle. 63. The apparatus of claim 60 wherein the attachment mounts the housing on at least one of a purse, a handbag, a briefcase, a cellular telephone holder, a cellular telephone case, a cellular telephone holster, a watchband, a belt, a badge worn by a user, a piece of jewelry worn by a user, an article of clothing, a pen, a pencil, and a key case. 64. The apparatus of claim 60 wherein: the attachment mounts the housing a thin card. 65. The apparatus of claim 64 wherein: the card is one of a card having an overall shape of a credit card, a credit card and a debit card. 66. The apparatus of claim 60 wherein the attachment mounts the housing on at least one of a cellular telephone battery cover, a cellular telephone housing, a cellular telephone battery, a cellular telephone interior part, a cellular phone ear bud, and cellular phone head gear. 67. The apparatus of claim 60 further comprising: a battery power source carried in the housing and providing power to the RFID circuit and the transmitter. 68. The apparatus of claim 65 wherein the battery power source is a rechargeable battery. 69. The apparatus of claim 67 wherein the rechargeable battery includes one of a connection to a plug for supplying recharging power to the battery externally of the housing, a secondary transformer inductive coil carried in the housing for supplying current to the battery in response to a proximate association with an external current carrying transformer primary coil, and a solar cell carried on the housing and connected to the battery for supplying solar recharging power to the battery. 70. The apparatus of claim 60 further comprising: an electrical power source adapted to be carried on the article to which the housing is attached; and electrical connections between the RFID and the power source. 71. The apparatus of claim 60 wherein the RFID circuit receives electric power from an antenna on the vehicle, when the housing is in proximity with the vehicle. 72. The apparatus of claim 60 further comprising: the attachment enabling at least partial concealment of the housing on the article. 73. The apparatus of claim 60 wherein the attachment comprises: an adhesive backing on the housing; a removable cover on the backing, the cover being removable from the backing to enable the housing to be attached to a separate article. 74. The apparatus of claim 60 wherein: the attachment functions to one of an integrating the housing with the article and attaching the housing to the article. 