The present invention is a solar energy system which includes an optical assembly and a non-imaging concentrator. The optical assembly includes a primary mirror and a secondary mirror. The optical assembly reflects solar radiation to the non-imaging concentrator where the radiation is output to a photovoltaic cell for conversion to electricity. Spacing nubs, or protrusions, may be configured on one or more surfaces of the non-imaging concentrator or the optical assembly to set a uniform gap for adhesive to fill and to assist in alignment of the components being bonded together.
Claims 1. A solar energy system, comprising: an optical assembly; a non-imaging concentrator to collect light from said optical assembly, wherein said non-imaging concentrator has a mounting surface for being mounted to said optical assembly; a solar cell receiving light from said non-imaging concentrator, said solar cell creating an electrical output; a plurality of nubs with nub heights on said mounting surface of said non-imaging concentrator; and an adhesive substance, wherein said non-imaging concentrator is secured to said optical assembly by said adhesive substance, and wherein said nub heights provide a substantially uniform gap between said optical assembly and said mounting surface of said non-imaging concentrator. 2. The solar energy system of claim 1, wherein said nub heights determine the bond thickness of said adhesive substance. 3. The solar energy system of claim 1, wherein said nubs heights are substantially equal, and wherein said nubs are configured on said perimeter of said mounting surface of said non-imaging concentrator. 4. The solar energy system of claim 1, wherein said nubs are integral to said mounting surface of said non-imaging concentrator. 5. The solar energy system of claim 1, wherein said optical assembly comprises a primary mirror and a secondary mirror, and wherein the space between said primary mirror and said secondary mirror includes a dielectric. 6. The solar energy system of claim 1, wherein said non-imaging concentrator provides total internal reflection. 7. The solar energy system of claim 6, wherein said non-imaging concentrator is a prism. 8. The solar energy system of claim 1, wherein said non-imaging concentrator is a light tunnel. 9. The solar energy system of claim 1, wherein said non-imaging concentrator comprises a refractive lens. 10. The solar energy system of claim 1, wherein said non-imaging concentrator further comprises a bottom surface, said bottom surface comprising a second set of nubs, wherein said second set of nubs provides a substantially uniform gap between said bottom surface of said non-imaging concentrator and said solar cell. 11. The solar energy system of claim 1, wherein said non-imaging concentrator further comprises outer walls with a lateral set of nubs located on said outer walls, and wherein said lateral set of nubs sets a gap between said non-imaging concentrator and said optical assembly. 12. The solar energy system of claim 1, wherein said optical assembly further comprises indentations for mating with said plurality of nubs, and wherein said mating of said indentations with said plurality of nubs aligns said non-imaging concentrator with said optical assembly. 13. A solar energy system, comprising: a substantially planar surface; a primary mirror radially symmetric about a first axis, said primary mirror having a perimeter wherein at least a portion of said perimeter is attached to said planar surface; a secondary mirror radially symmetric about a second axis, said secondary mirror having a mounting surface wherein at least a portion of said mounting surface is attached to said planar surface; a non-imaging concentrator positioned to receive light reflected from said primary mirror and from said secondary mirror, said non-imaging concentrator having a bottom surface; a solar cell receiving light from said non-imaging concentrator, said solar cell creating an electrical output; a plurality of nubs on said bottom surface of said non-imaging concentrator, said nubs having nub heights, wherein said nub heights are substantially equal; and an adhesive substance, wherein said solar cell is secured to said non-imaging concentrator by said adhesive substance, and wherein said nubs provide a substantially uniform gap between said solar cell and said non-imaging concentrator for said adhesive substance. 14. The solar energy system of claim 13, wherein said plurality of nubs are integral to said non-imaging concentrator. 15. The solar energy system of claim 13, wherein said non-imaging concentrator is a total internal reflection prism. 16. The solar energy system of claim 13, wherein said non-imaging concentrator is an optical rod. 17. A method of attaching and aligning a non-imaging concentrator with integral nubs to a mating component in a solar energy system, comprising: dispensing an adhesive onto said non-imaging concentrator; positioning said non-imaging concentrator with said integral nubs with respect to said mating components; applying pressure to said non-imaging concentrator and to said mating component until said nubs are in contact with said mating component; and confirming contact of said nubs with said mating component; wherein said integral nubs have nub heights, and wherein said nub heights provide a substantially uniform gap in which to distribute said adhesive substance. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein said mating component is a solar cell. 19. The method of claim 17, wherein said mating component is a recessed area within an aplanatic optical imaging system. 20. The method of claim 19, wherein said non-imaging concentrator further comprises a second set of nubs on an outer surface of said non-imaging concentrator, wherein said second set of nubs centers said non-imaging concentrator within said recessed area. 