A novel latch for pivoted optical elements of a solar concentrator and other equipment latches them in position between orientation operations. The mirrors may be on a universal pivot that can rotate or tilt in any direction; or on gimbal pivots. The orientation power can be turned off between alignments with the mirrors remaining in alignment orientation during this off-power period. Turning off the alignment power between alignments, saves on both energy resources and on expensive apparatus. It permits a great reduction in power supply as the optical elements can be aligned sequentially. This not only reduces operating costs, but also capital investment because smaller power supplies can suffice. A preferred embodiment utilizes the freezing of a liquid material. Since this involves no moving parts for latching, the instant invention is ideally adapted for fabrication from the nano- to the mini-realm.
Claims 1-20. (canceled) 21. A solar concentrator system comprising a) an array of at least one adjustable optical element; b) said element mounted on at least one pivot; c) said optical element acted on by a torque; d) said torque causing rotation of said optical element; e) said rotation being about said pivot; f) a latch positioned to prevent rotation; and g) said element being free to rotate until latched. 22. The apparatus of claim 21, wherein said latch is the freezing of liquid material about said pivot. 23. The apparatus of claim 21, wherein said latch is unlatched by the melting of liquifiable material about said pivot. 24. The apparatus of claim 21, wherein said latch is unlatched by heating liquifiable material, about said pivot, above its melting point by means of a resistor inductively coupled to a power supply. 25. The apparatus of claim 21, wherein said latch is unlatched by heating liquifiable material, about said pivot, above its melting point by means of a resistor and inductor inside the pivot, and inductively coupled to a power supply. 26. The apparatus of claim 21, wherein said latch is unlatched by heating liquifiable material, about said pivot, above its melting point by means of a resistor and inductor inside the liquifiable material, and inductively coupled to a power supply. 27. The apparatus of claim 21, wherein said latch is at least one ratchet and pawl. 28. The apparatus of claim 21, wherein a ratchet and pawl combination are positioned as opposed ratchets with teeth facing in opposite directions so that a given orientation is locked from rotation until one or both pawls are released. 29. The apparatus of claim 21, wherein a ratchet and pawl latch said pivot, and pawl is controlled by an actuator consisting of at least one of the group of magnetic activation, electromagnetic activation, electrostatic activation, spring activation. 30. The apparatus of claim 21, wherein the support axis which joins said element with said pivot, is a dielectric. 31. The apparatus of claim 21, wherein the support axis which joins said element with said pivot, is a metal entirely covered with an insulating dielectric. 32. A method of latching at least one free element of an optical system comprising the steps of a) mounting said element on at least one pivot; b) torque coupling of said element; c) said element being caused to rotate by said torque; d) rotating said element about said pivot; e) positioning a latch to prevent rotation; and f) latching said pivot to prevent motion of said element. 33. The method of claim 32, wherein said latch is the freezing of liquid material about said pivot. 34. The method of claim 32, wherein said latch is unlatched by the melting of liquifiable material about said pivot. 35. The method of claim 32, wherein said latch is at least one ratchet and pawl. 36. An apparatus for latching rotational equipment comprising: a) an array containing at least one rotatable element; b) said element mounted on at least one pivot; c) said element acted on by a torque; d) said torque causing rotation of said element; e) said rotation being about said pivot; f) a solidifiable latch positioned to prevent rotation; and g) said element being free to rotate until latch is solidified. 37. The apparatus of claim 36, wherein said latch is unlatched by the melting of liquifiable material about said pivot. 38. The apparatus of claim 36, wherein said latch is unlatched by heating liquifiable material, about said pivot, above its melting point by means of a resistor inductively coupled to a power supply. 39. The apparatus of claim 36, wherein said latch is unlatched by heating liquifiable material, about said pivot, above its melting point by means of a resistor and inductor inside the pivot, inductively coupled to a power supply, and the pivot is made of a dielectric. 40. The apparatus of claim 36, wherein said latch is unlatched by heating liquifiable material, about said pivot, above its melting point by means of a resistor and inductor inside liquifiable dielectric material, inductively coupled to a power supply. 