A boost inductor value reduction circuit is integrated into a traditional boost power converter to greatly reduce undesirable high frequency harmonics from being fed back to the input side of the boost power converter. The boost inductor value reduction circuit is very small when compared with traditional filter techniques, is less costly than traditional filter techniques, and does not degrade the boost power converter control performance. It can also be used to reduce the size of the boost inductor without compromising the converter performance for use in energy efficient sensitive applications such as photovoltaic inverters.
Claims 1. A boost inductor value reduction circuit configured to substantially reduce the size and inductance value of a boost converter boost inductor that provides a predetermined level of boost converter performance when the boost converter is operating in a continuous conduction mode, such that the reduced inductance boost inductor in combination with the boost inductor value reduction circuit maintains substantially the same predetermined boost converter performance level as that provided by the boost converter operating in the absence of the boost inductor value reduction circuit, and such that the boost converter maintains substantially the same performance level when operating in a continuous conduction mode, in a bounded conduction mode, or in a discontinuous conduction mode. 2. The boost inductor value reduction circuit according to claim 1, further configured to reduce the inductance value of the boost converter boost inductor between about 50% and about 200% of its original value, while maintaining substantially the same performance level as the original inductance value associated with the boost converter operating in the absence of the boost inductor value reduction circuit and when the boost converter is operating in the continuous conduction mode. 3. The boost inductor value reduction circuit according to claim 1, wherein the boost inductor value reduction circuit is further configured in combination with an inverter to generate an output signal in response to a photovoltaic array module. 4. The boost inductor value reduction circuit according to claim 3, wherein the boost inductor value reduction circuit and the reduced size boost converter boost inductor are together configured to substantially increase the overall efficiency of the photovoltaic inverter beyond that achievable by the photovoltaic inverter in the absence of the boost inductor value reduction circuit, regardless of losses associated with the boost inductor value reduction circuit. 5. The boost inductor value reduction circuit according to claim 1, wherein the circuit comprises an auxiliary inductor configured to carry a high frequency ripple current that opposes a ripple current passing through the boost converter boost inductor. 6. The boost inductor value reduction circuit according to claim 5, wherein the auxiliary inductor has a substantially lower inductance than the boost converter boost inductor. 7. The boost inductor value reduction circuit according to claim 1, wherein the circuit is further configured to provide a desired corner filter frequency such that the circuit reduces substantially all boost converter switching harmonics above the corner filter frequency reflected back to a boost converter source input line to provide a desired broadband attenuation characteristic. 8. The boost inductor value reduction circuit according to claim 1, wherein the circuit is further configured to reduce EMI conducted back to the input side of the boost converter that is generated by high frequency switching components at an output side of the boost converter. 9. A boost inductor value reduction circuit configured to substantially reduce the size and inductance value of a boost converter boost inductor that is configured to limit a boost converter input ripple current value when the boost converter is operating in a continuous conduction mode, such that the reduced inductance boost inductor in combination with the boost inductor value reduction circuit maintains substantially the same boost converter input ripple current value as that provided by the boost converter operating in the continuous conduction mode in the absence of the boost inductor value reduction circuit, and such that the boost converter maintains substantially the same performance level when operating in a continuous conduction mode, in a bounded conduction mode, or in a discontinuous conduction mode. 10. The boost inductor value reduction circuit according to claim 9, further configured to reduce the inductance value of the boost converter boost inductor between about 50% and about 200% of its original value, while maintaining substantially the same boost converter input ripple current level as the original inductance value associated with the boost converter operating in the absence of the boost inductor value reduction circuit and when the boost converter is operating in the continuous conduction mode. 11. The boost inductor value reduction circuit according to claim 9, wherein the boost inductor value reduction circuit is further configured in combination with an inverter to generate an output signal in response to a photovoltaic array module. 12. The boost inductor value reduction circuit according to claim 9, wherein the boost inductor value reduction circuit and the reduced size boost converter boost inductor are together configured to substantially increase the overall efficiency of the photovoltaic inverter beyond that achievable by the photovoltaic inverter in the absence of the boost inductor value reduction circuit, regardless of losses associated with the boost inductor value reduction circuit. 13. The boost inductor value reduction circuit according to claim 9, wherein the circuit is further configured to reduce high frequency harmonics for any input voltage having a low frequency relative to the ripple current frequency. 14. The boost inductor value reduction circuit according to claim 9, wherein the circuit comprises an auxiliary inductor configured to carry a high frequency ripple current that opposes a ripple current passing through the boost converter boost inductor. 15. The boost inductor value reduction circuit according to claim 13, wherein the auxiliary inductor has a substantially lower inductance than the boost converter boost inductor. 16. The boost inductor value reduction circuit according to claim 9, wherein the circuit is further configured to provide a desired corner filter frequency such that the circuit reduces substantially all boost converter switching harmonics above the corner filter frequency reflected back to a boost converter source input line to provide a desired broadband attenuation characteristic. 17. The boost inductor value reduction circuit according to claim 9, wherein the circuit is further configured to reduce EMI conducted back to the input side of the boost converter that is generated by high frequency switching components at an output side of the boost converter. 18. A boost inductor value reduction circuit configured to substantially reduce the size of a boost converter input filter that is operational to limit a boost converter input ripple current value when the boost converter is operating in a continuous conduction mode, such that the reduced size boost converter input filter in combination with the boost inductor value reduction circuit maintains substantially the same boost converter input ripple current value as that provided by the boost converter input filter when the boost converter operating in the continuous conduction mode in the absence of the boost inductor value reduction circuit, and such that the boost converter maintains substantially the same performance level when operating in a continuous conduction mode, in a bounded conduction mode, or in a discontinuous conduction mode. 19. The boost inductor value reduction circuit according to claim 18, further configured to reduce the inductance value of the boost converter boost inductor between about 50% and about 200% of its original value, while maintaining substantially the same boost converter input ripple current value as the original inductance value associated with the boost converter operating in the absence of the boost inductor value reduction circuit and when the boost converter is operating in the continuous conduction mode. 20. The boost inductor value reduction circuit according to claim 18, wherein the boost inductor value reduction circuit is further configured in combination with an inverter to generate an output signal in response to a photovoltaic array module. 21. The boost inductor value reduction circuit according to claim 18, wherein the boost inductor value reduction circuit and the reduced size boost converter boost inductor are together configured to substantially increase the overall efficiency of the photovoltaic inverter beyond that achievable by the photovoltaic inverter in the absence of the boost inductor value reduction circuit, regardless of losses associated with the boost inductor value reduction circuit. 22. The boost inductor value reduction circuit according to claim 18, wherein the circuit is further configured to reduce high frequency harmonics for any input voltage having a low frequency relative to the ripple current frequency. 23. The boost inductor value reduction circuit according to claim 18, wherein the circuit comprises an auxiliary inductor configured to carry a ripple current that opposes a ripple current passing through the boost converter boost inductor. 24. The boost inductor value reduction circuit according to claim 18, wherein the circuit is further configured to provide a desired corner filter frequency such that the circuit reduces substantially all boost converter switching harmonics above the corner filter frequency reflected back to a boost converter source input line to provide a desired broadband attenuation characteristic. 25. The boost inductor value reduction circuit according to claim 18, wherein the circuit is further configured to reduce EMI conducted back to the input side of the boost converter that is generated by high frequency switching components at an output side of the boost converter, such that the reduction in EMI conducted back to the input side of the boost converter is substantially greater than that achievable when using the boost converter without the boost inductor value reduction circuit. 