A concentrating solar power generation unit (10) comprises a solar cell element (1), a mounting plate (3) on which is mounted the solar cell element (1), which is bonded to a receiver (2), a light shield (4) that covers the mounting plate (3), a frame (5) disposed perpendicularly from the ends on two facing sides of a light shield (4), a concentrating lens (7) that is disposed corresponding to the upper end of the frame (5) across from the light shield (4) and that concentrates sunlight (Ls) on a light receiving region of the solar cell element (1), and a translucent substrate (6) that fixes (fastens) the concentrating lens (7) and is mounted to the upper end of the frame (5).
Claims 1. A concentrating solar power generation unit that generates electricity by irradiating a solar cell element with sunlight that has been concentrated with a concentrating lens, comprising: a mounting plate on which the solar cell element is mounted; a light shield that has a transmission hole for irradiating a light receiving region of the solar cell element with sunlight and covers the mounting plate; a concentrating lens disposed across from the light shield, for concentrating sunlight on the light receiving region; and a frame for aligning and supporting the solar cell element and the concentrating lens. 2. The concentrating solar power generation unit according to claim 1, wherein the light shield is formed integrally with the frame. 3. The concentrating solar power generation unit according to claim 1 or 2, wherein the light shield has a bent portion in which the peripheral edge of the transmission hole is bent to the mounting plate side. 4. The concentrating solar power generation unit according to any of claims 1 to 3, wherein the approximate middle of an end side of the mounting plate is fixed to the light shield, and the approximate middle of an end side of the concentrating lens is fixed to the upper end of the frame. 5. The concentrating solar power generation unit according to any of claims 1 to 3, wherein a plurality of the solar cell elements are disposed on the mounting plate. 6. The concentrating solar power generation unit according to claim 5, wherein the concentrating lens is disposed and supported on a translucent substrate corresponding to each of the plurality of solar cell elements. 7. The concentrating solar power generation unit according to claim 5 or 6, wherein the approximate middle of an end side of the mounting plate in the lengthwise direction is fixed to the light shield. 8. The concentrating solar power generation unit according to claim 6 or 7, wherein the approximate middle of an end side of the translucent substrate in the lengthwise direction is fixed to the upper end of the frame. 9. The concentrating solar power generation unit according to claim 7 or 8, wherein the mounting plate and the translucent substrate are divided into a plurality of parts in the lengthwise direction of the frame. 10. A concentrating solar power generation apparatus comprising a concentrating solar power generation unit, wherein the concentrating solar power generation unit is the concentrating solar power generation unit according to any of claims 1 to 9, and is constituted to allow tracking drive. 11. A concentrating lens having a flat first face and a second face on which is formed protrusions having an inclined face that is inclined with respect to the first face, wherein the second face comprises a flat region having a plane parallel to the first face, and a protruding region having the protrusions. 12. The concentrating lens according to claim 11, wherein the boundary between the flat region and the protruding region is demarcated by a step between the flat region and the protrusions. 13. The concentrating lens according to claim 11 or 12, wherein the flat region is demarcated by a circle having a diameter sufficient to surround the light receiving region of a solar cell element to be disposed across therefrom, and the protrusions are formed concentrically with respect to the flat region. 14. The concentrating lens according to claim 13, wherein the inclination angle of the inclined face with respect to the first face, and the inclination change pitch, which is the pitch at which this inclination angle is changed, are set so that light of a wavelength band that determines the short-circuit current of the solar cell element is concentrated on the light receiving region. 15. A concentrating lens structure, comprising a concentrating lens having a flat first face and a second face on which are formed protrusions having an inclined face that is inclined with respect to the first face, and a translucent substrate that fixes and supports the concentrating lens, wherein the second face comprises a flat region having a plane parallel to the first face, and a protruding region having the protrusions, and the concentrating lens and the translucent substrate are aligned by using a boundary demarcated by a step between the flat region and the protrusions. 16. The concentrating lens structure according to claim 15, wherein a flat region fixing portion, that fixes the concentrating lens and the translucent substrate so as to correspond to the flat region, and a peripheral edge fixing portion, that fixes the concentrating lens and the translucent substrate so as to correspond to the peripheral edge of the protruding region, are formed between the translucent substrate and the first face. 17. The concentrating lens structure according to claim 16, wherein the flat region fixing portion and the peripheral edge fixing portion are formed by double-sided adhesive tape. 18. The concentrating lens structure according to claim 16 or 17, wherein a filled portion that is filled with an adhesive agent is formed between the translucent substrate and the first face. 19. The concentrating lens structure according to any of claims 15 to 18, wherein a plurality of the concentrating lenses are lined up on the translucent substrate. 20. A concentrating solar power generation unit comprising a concentrating lens structure equipped with a concentrating lens and a translucent substrate that fixes and supports the concentrating lens, and a solar cell element disposed corresponding to the concentrating lens, wherein the concentrating lens structure is the concentrating lens structure according to any of claims 15 to 19. 21. A method for manufacturing a concentrating lens structure that comprises a concentrating lens having on a second face a flat region having a plane parallel to a planar first face, and a protruding region in which are formed protrusions having an inclined face that is inclined with respect to the first face, and a translucent substrate that fixes and supports the concentrating lens, with the concentrating lens and the translucent substrate being aligned so that the flat region and a concentrating region faces each other, said method comprising the steps of: aligning the flat region with a flat positioning piece of a positioning jig base provided with this flat positioning piece for determining the position of the flat region and with a substrate end positioning piece for determining the position of the end of the translucent substrate; forming a flat region fixing portion for fixing the concentrating lens and the translucent substrate at positions corresponding to the flat region on the first face; forming a peripheral edge fixing portion for fixing the concentrating lens and the translucent substrate at positions corresponding to the peripheral edge of the protruding region on the first face; butting the end of the translucent substrate against the substrate end positioning piece and joining the translucent substrate to the flat region fixing portion and the peripheral edge fixing portion; and filling the space between the translucent substrate and the concentrating lens with an adhesive agent. 