An exemplary method of providing electrical power is provided. A first alternating current is received from a grid. The first alternating current is converted to a first direct current using a first inverter in electrical communication with the grid. The first inverter is also in electrical communication with a fuel cell system. The first direct current is converted to a second alternating current using a second inverter, and the second alternating current is provided to a load.
Claims 1. A method of providing electrical power, the method comprising: receiving a first alternating current from a grid; converting the first alternating current to a first direct current using a first inverter in electrical communication with the grid, wherein the first inverter is also in electrical communication with a fuel cell system; converting the first direct current to a second alternating current using a second inverter; and providing the second alternating current to a load. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising: receiving a second direct current from the fuel cell system; converting the second direct current into a third alternating current using the second inverter; and providing the third alternating current to the load. 3. The method of claim 2, further comprising using a direct current/direct current (DC/DC) converter to boost the second direct current. 4. The method of claim 2, wherein the second direct current from the fuel cell system is received during a grid outage in which at least a portion of the first alternating current is not received. 5. The method of claim 2, wherein the first alternating current from the grid is received in response to a fuel cell system failure in which at least a portion of the second direct current from the fuel cell system is not received. 6. The method of claim 2, wherein the first alternating current from the grid is received in response to a change in power demand of the load. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein the second inverter is in electrical communication with the first inverter and the fuel cell system. 8. The method of claim 1, further comprising: receiving a second direct current from an alternative power source; converting the second direct current to a third alternating current using the second inverter; and providing the third alternating current to the load. 9. The method of claim 8, wherein the alternative power source comprises at least one of a solar cell system, a wind turbine, a generator, or a battery. 10. The method of claim 8, wherein the second direct current from the alternative power source is received in response to at least one of a fuel cell system failure or a grid failure. 11. The method of claim 1, wherein the first inverter comprises a bi-directional inverter. 12. The method of claim 11, further comprising: receiving a second direct current from the fuel cell system; converting the second direct current to a third alternating current using the bi-directional inverter; and providing the third alternating current to the grid. 13. A system for providing power, the system comprising: a fuel cell system configured to provide a first direct current; a bi-directional inverter in electrical communication with the fuel cell system and a grid; a second inverter in electrical communication with the fuel cell system and the bi-directional inverter, wherein the second inverter is configured to convert the first direct current to a first alternating current; and a load in electrical communication with the second inverter, wherein the load is configured to receive the first alternating current from the second inverter. 14. The system of claim 13, further comprising a DC/DC converter configured to boost the first direct current. 15. The system of claim 13, wherein the bi-directional inverter is configured to: receive a second alternating current from the grid in response to a power condition; and convert the second alternating current to a second direct current. 16. The system of claim 15, wherein the second inverter is further configured to: convert the second direct current to a third alternating current; and provide the third alternating current to the load. 17. The system of claim 15, wherein the power condition comprises at least one of a fuel cell system failure or a change in power demand of the load. 18. The system of claim 15, further comprising a system monitor configured to identify the power condition by monitoring at least one of the fuel cell system and the load. 19. The system of claim 13, wherein the bi-directional inverter is configured to: receive at least a portion of the first direct current from the fuel cell system; convert the received first direct current to a second alternating current; and provide the second alternating current to the grid. 20. The system of claim 13, wherein the first direct current is provided to the second inverter on a split bus having a positive bus, a negative bus, and a neutral bus. 21. The system of claim 20, further comprising an alternative power source configured to provide a second direct current to the second inverter through the split bus. 22. A system for providing power, the system comprising: first means for providing a first direct current; second means for converting the first direct current into a first alternating current which is supplied to a grid, wherein the second means is in electrical communication with the first means and the grid; and third means for converting the first direct current into a second alternating current which is supplied to a load, wherein the third means is in electrical communication with the first means and the second means. 23. The system of claim 22, further comprising fourth means for boosting the first direct current. 24. A system for providing power, the system comprising a fuel cell system; an alternative power source; a common direct current (DC) bus configured to receive a first DC signal originating from the fuel cell system and a second DC signal originating from the alternative power source; and provide, to a bi-directional inverter, information regarding a first amount of power available from the fuel cell system and a second amount of power available from the alternative power source; and the bi-directional inverter in electrical communication with a grid, wherein the bi-directional inverter is configured to determine whether power is to be provided to the grid or received from the grid based on the information regarding the first amount of power available from the fuel cell system and the second amount of power available from the alternative power source. 25. The system of claim 24, further comprising a first DC/DC converter in electrical communication with the fuel cell system and the common DC bus, wherein the first DC/DC converter is configured to receive a third DC signal from the fuel cell system, boost the third DC signal to generate the first DC signal, and provide the first DC signal to the common DC bus. 26. The system of claim 24, wherein the bi-directional inverter is further configured to receive a first alternating current (AC) from the grid for powering a load if the bi-directional inverter determines that power is to be received from the grid. 27. The system of claim 24, wherein the bi-directional inverter is further configured to provide a first alternating current (AC) to the grid if the bi-directional inverter determines that power is to be provided to the grid. 