The present invention relates to a solar power generator having special solar radiation concentrators configured as hollow bodies, and to such concentrators themselves. The invention relates in particular to a solar power generator having modules, arranged on a water layer, that contain a radiation converter, such that a plurality of modules is respectively combined into floating hollow bodies that comprise a wall that is subdivided into light-transmitting and non-light-transmitting regions.
Claims 1. A solar power generator having modules, arranged on a water layer, that contain a radiation converter, wherein a plurality of modules is respectively combined into floating hollow bodies that comprise a wall that is subdivided into light-transmitting and non-light-transmitting regions. 2. The solar power generator according to claim 1, wherein the light-transmitting wall regions are embodied as concentrator lenses. 3. The solar power generator according to claim 2, wherein the light-transmitting wall regions extend in curved fashion. 4. The solar power generator according to claim 2, wherein the light-transmitting wall regions have a fluted cross section. 5. The solar power generator according to claim 2, wherein the light-transmitting wall regions are spherically concave segments. 6. The solar power generator according to claim 1, wherein the surfaces of the light-transmitting wall regions have a reflection-decreasing nanostructure. 7. The solar power generator according to claim 2, wherein openings in the hollow bodies, the geometric axes of which intersect the focus of the concentrator lens, are arranged opposite the concentration lenses. 8. The solar power generator according to claim 1, wherein the hollow bodies float inside a floating ring, and are mounted pivotably about their longitudinal axis. 9. The solar power generator according to claim 8, wherein the floating ring is fabricated by extrusion. 10. The solar power generator according to claim 8, wherein the cross section of the floating ring is rectangular. 11. The solar power generator according to claim 2, wherein a roller chain that is joined fixedly to the floating ring extends on the periphery of the ring. 12. The solar power generator according to claim 10, wherein the floating ring is made of a plastic material. 13. The solar power generator according to claim 8, wherein fastening of the roller chain is accomplished via elongated chain pins arranged in regularly distributed fashion. 14. The solar power generator according to claim 8, wherein the ring is subdivided into circular arc segments whose ends receive short rectangular tubes. 15. The solar power generator having a hollow body according to claim 2, floating on a water layer, that is pivotable about its longitudinal axis, wherein the region of its wall that penetrates into the water layer forms part of a circular cylinder. 16. The solar power generator according to claim 15, wherein the axis of the circular cylinder coincides with the longitudinal axis of the hollow body. 17. A wiring layout of the hollow body according to claim 1, wherein the negative pole of one energy converter is connected to the positive pole of the adjacent energy converter via an insulated lead that comprises in part semicircular regions, the ends of the semicircular region being joined to one another by a tension spring. 18. A wiring layout of the hollow body according to claim 1, wherein a lead is embedded into its plastic wall; and contact elements attached to the energy converter can be inserted into counter-contacts attached to the hollow body in the region of the openings. 19. The solar power generator according to claim 2, wherein the end regions of a hollow body are embodied so that they can be joined to the end regions of a further hollow body. 20. A method for flange-mounting the energy converters onto a hollow body according to claim 17, wherein the leads are pulled outward through the openings against the tensile force of the tension springs, and are connected to the terminals of the energy converters before flange-mounting of the energy converter. 21. The solar power generator according to claim 1, wherein a portion of the walls of the hollow bodies is made of a material that allows moisture to pass outward, but not in the opposite direction. 22. Concentrators, floating on a water layer, for the utilization of solar energy, which track the solar elevation by pivoting about their longitudinal axis, wherein the pivoting is possible about an angle sufficiently large that the concentrator lens dips into the water layer. 23. The solar power generator according to claim 8, wherein the water layer is impinged upon by ultrasound. 24. A solar power generator having a ring according to claim 8 floating on a water layer, wherein the ring is guided in a clamp element between wheels whose axes are oriented approximately vertically. 25. The solar power generator according to claim 24, wherein one of the wheels is driven by a motor that causes the ring to rotate. 26. The solar power generator according to claim 24, wherein three clamp elements hold three rings together; and the rings are held at a distance by a wheel engaging on the outer periphery of the rings. 27. The solar power generator according to claim 26, wherein multiple rollers, mounted in stationary fashion, roll on the inner periphery of the rings. 28. The solar power generator according to claim 26, wherein one wheel located between the rings is embodied as a wheel bearing teeth. 29. The solar power generator according to claim 28, wherein one wheel located between the rings is embodied as a chain wheel; and each of the rings is surrounded by a roller chain joined immovably to the ring, into which chain the chain wheel engages. 30. The solar power generator according to claim 26, wherein the buoyancy of a tube that floats in the water supports the clamp element. 31. The solar power generator according to claim 26, wherein three rings are combined into one unit; and in the regions in which two adjacent rings have the least spacing from one another, a clamp element designed for two rings holds the rings together. 32. The solar power generator according to claim 31, having three rings that enclose between them a gusset space at whose center is located a column from which proceed three tubes, each of which carries a clamp element. 33. The solar power generator having a tube according to claim 30 whose end is joined to a body that is heavier than water. 34. The solar power generator according to claim 1, wherein to prevent evaporation, the water layer carries a film of a chemical whose principal constituent is isobutylene. 35. The solar power generator according to claim 1, wherein the light-transmitting regions of the hollow bodies are made of glass that carries a plastic layer equipped with optical flutes. 36. The solar power generator according to claim 1, wherein the lower side of the floating ring and the lower side of the hollow bodies extend on one plane, so that rotation of a platform can take place even when the water layer is covered with ice. 37. The solar power generator according to claim 1, wherein the lens-forming wall regions are sprayed with water, taken from the water layer, that passes through a filter. 38. The solar power generator according to claim 1, wherein the concentrated radiation is utilized for direct water cleavage. 