An electromagnetic radiation collector includes a channeling area having an entry end for receiving the electromagnetic radiation, an exit end, and at least one reflective wall between the entry end and the exit end; and a radiation collection element near the exit end of the channeling area, the radiation collection element being adapted to collect the electromagnetic radiation.
Claims 1. An electromagnetic radiation collector, comprising: a channeling area having an entry end for receiving the electromagnetic radiation, an exit end, and at least one reflective wall between the entry end and the exit end; and a radiation collection element near the exit end of the channeling area, the radiation collection element being adapted to collect the electromagnetic radiation. 2. The collector of claim 1, comprising a plurality of the channeling areas and a plurality of the radiation collection elements. 3. The collector of claim 2, wherein the entry ends of the plurality of channeling areas are adjacent to each other. 4. The collector of claim 2, wherein each of the channeling areas is formed by a first surface for reflecting the electromagnetic radiation, and a second surface opposite the first surface. 5. The collector of claim 4, wherein the first surface of each of the channeling areas is parabolic and the focal area of each parabolic first surface is one of the plurality of radiation collection elements. 6. The collector of claim 5, wherein the radiation collection elements are photovoltaic cells. 7. The collector of claim 5, wherein the radiation collection elements are pipes for containing a fluid that is for absorbing the radiation. 8. The collector of claim 5, wherein the first surfaces are movable relative to the radiation collection elements. 9. The collector of claim 8, wherein the first surfaces can rotate about their corresponding radiation collection element. 10. The collector of claim 5, wherein the radiation collection elements are sized to be only slightly larger in the surface area they cover than the surface area covered by the radiation reflected onto the radiation collection elements by the first surfaces. 11. The collector of claim 6, wherein the plurality of photovoltaic cells are electrically connected to each other. 12. The collector of claim 11, wherein an upper surface of a first photovoltaic cell of the plurality of photovoltaic cells is electrically connected to a lower surface of a second photovoltaic cell of the plurality of photovoltaic cells. 13. The collector of claim 12, further comprising a lower surface connector electrically connected to the lower surface of the second photovoltaic cell; an upper surface connector electrically connected to the upper surface of the first photovoltaic cell and electrically connected to the lower surface connector. 14. The collector of claim 13, wherein the upper surface connector comprises a wire. 15. The collector of claim 14, further comprising a first bead that electrically connects the upper surface connector to the upper surface of the first photovoltaic cell. 16. The collector of claim 15, further comprising a second bead that electrically connects the upper surface connector to the lower surface connector. 17. The collector of claim 14, wherein the wire is round in cross section. 18. The collector of claim 14, wherein the wire is trapezoidal in cross section. 19. The collector of claim 1, wherein the channeling area is in the form of a slot and further comprising a reflective wall at each end of the slot. 20. The collector of claim 19, wherein the plane of each of the reflective walls is normal to a lengthwise axis of the slot. 21. The collector of claim 20, wherein each of the reflective walls is planar and the plane of each of the reflective walls is normal to a plane of the radiation collection element. 22. A control mechanism for a radiation collector where the radiation collector is adjustable to track a moving radiation source and where the control mechanism comprises a first sensor to monitor the ambient radiation conditions and a second sensor to monitor the output of the radiation collector. 