A simulator system for simulating operation of a solar module comprises a frame for holding the solar module in a testing position, a light source positioned adjacent to the solar module for directing light from the light source to the solar module, and a movable assembly for simulating movement of a solar tracker system, wherein the movable assembly moves in two axes to change an incident angle of the light with respect to the testing position of the solar module.
Claims 1. A system for simulating operation of a solar module, the system comprising: a frame for holding the solar module in a testing position; a light source positioned adjacent to the solar module for directing light from the light source to the solar module; and a movable assembly for simulating movement of a solar tracker system, wherein the movable assembly moves in two axes to change an incident angle of the light with respect to the testing position of the solar module. 2. The system of claim 1, further comprising a collimating optic positioned adjacent to the solar module, wherein divergent light from the light source is transformed into collimated light that is directed to the solar module. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the movable assembly moves the frame. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the movable assembly moves the light source. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the movable assembly is capable of rotating in a vertical axis and a horizontal axis. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the movable assembly is an X-Y robot device. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the movable assembly is capable of moving the light source from a first position to a second position and the system further comprising a circuit for measuring a first characteristic of a solar module with the assembly in the first position and a second characteristic with the assembly in the second position. 8. The system of claim 7, wherein the first characteristic is an acceptance angle. 9. The system of claim 1 further comprising a circuit for measuring a characteristic of the solar module, and wherein the characteristic is power produced by reflected light on the solar module. 10. The system of claim 1, wherein the movable assembly comprises a movable inner frame and a movable outer frame. 11. The system of claim 10, wherein the movable inner frame comprises a clamping assembly for mounting the solar module. 12. The system of claim 1, wherein the movable assembly is capable of moving the solar module from a first position to a second position, and the system further comprising a circuit for measuring a first characteristic of the solar module with the movable assembly in the first position and a second characteristic of the solar module with the movable assembly in the second position. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein the first characteristic is an acceptance angle. 14. A method for simulating operation of a solar module, the method comprising the steps of: providing a frame for holding the solar module in a testing position; positioning a light source adjacent to the frame for directing light from the light source to the solar module; and providing a movable assembly to simulate movement of a solar tracker system, wherein the assembly moves in two axes to change an incident angle of the light with respect to the testing position of the solar module. 15. The method of claim 14 further comprising the step of positioning a reflector across from the solar module, wherein light is directed from the light source to the reflector for reflecting light to the solar module. 16. The method of claim 14 further comprising the step of moving the frame. 17. The method of claim 14 further comprising the step of moving the light source. 18. The method of claim 14 further comprising the step of moving the movable assembly for translating the light source from a first position to a second position and providing a circuit for measuring a first characteristic of the solar module with the movable assembly in the first position and a second characteristic of the solar module with the movable assembly in the second position. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein the first characteristic is an acceptance angle. 20. The method of claim 18, wherein the second characteristic is an acceptance angle. 