The invention relates to a method for the transport of containers, wherein at least one container is driven along on rotating drive units (12) on a transport system, the transport system being built over a long distance such that remote delivery of containers may at least be achieved on a regional scale and a transport system for transporting containers comprising a rectangular frame (1,3), several rotatable drive units (12), fixed to the frame (1,3) perpendicular to the frame (1,3) and parallel to each other, each comprising at least one drive wheel (10) on which a container can be supported and driven, wherein the transport device runs over a long distance such that the remote delivery of containers may at least be achieved on a regional scale.
Claims 1-20. (canceled) 21. A conveying system for the transport of worldwide common transport containers, the conveying system comprising: an elongated frame; and multiple rotatable drive units mounted in parallel and crosswise to the frame, each drive unit providing at least one drive wheel for driving a transport container; wherein at least one drive unit is activated by an approaching transport container and is disabled when the transport container departs; and wherein the conveying system is provided on a long distance for enabling long distance conveyance of the transport containers. 22. The conveying system according to claim 21, further comprising: a cover having side walls. 23. The conveying system according to claim 21, wherein the frame comprises: a plurality of T-shaped support lines; connectors for connecting the T-shaped support lines; and a plurality of spacers for maintaining a selected space between the connected T-shaped support lines. 24. The conveying system according to claim 21, further comprising: cutouts in opposing T-shaped support lines; insertion plates configured to fit in the cutouts; bearings operably associated with each drive unit, the bearings being carried by the insertion plates. 25. The conveying system according to claim 21, wherein each drive unit comprises: an axle; and at least one motor for driving the axle; wherein the drive wheel is operably associated with the axle. 26. The conveying system according to claim 21, wherein the drive units are reversible, such that the transport containers may be driven in either of two directions. 27. The conveying system according to claim 21, further comprising: a solar energy system for powering the drive units. 28. The conveying system according to claim 21, wherein the frame comprises: a first lane directed in a first direction; and a second lane directed in a second direction. 29. The conveying system according to claim 21, wherein the frame comprises: a first set of lanes directed in a first direction; and a second set of lanes directed in a second direction. 30. The conveying system according to claim 21, wherein the frame comprises: at least one maintenance lane. 31. A method for conveying worldwide common transport containers, comprising: providing an elongated frame; and mounting a plurality of rotatable drive units in parallel and crosswise to the frame, each drive unit having at least one drive wheel for driving a transport container; activating each drive unit in response to the approach of the transport container; and disabling each drive unit in response to the departure of the transport container. 32. The method according to claim 31, further comprising: providing an electrical power system for powering the drive units. 33. The method according to claim 32, further comprising: operably associating a current collector with at least one of the containers; transmitting electrical power from the electrical power system to the at least one container via the current collector. 