Solar thermal collector body in the form of an integrally extruded or continuously cast panel including as an integral part of its cross-sectional profile a tubular hollow body adapted for the flow therethrough of a flowable heat carrier medium, including ends which permit the inflow of cold heat carrier medium and the withdrawal of the heated heat carrier medium respectively. The hollow body (1) is used as part of a solar collector Solar thermal collector including a collector box having a bottom area and side walls (13) and optionally a cover (16) allowing the entry of solar radiation into the box and forming a barrier against the escape of thermal radiation from inside the box wherein in a space above the bottom surface one or more thermal collector bodies (1) adapted for the through flow of a flowable, solar heat absorbing heat carrier medium is accommodated and is connected or connectable to feed and withdrawal ducts respectively for the heat carrier medium.
Claims 1-25. (canceled) 26. Solar thermal collector including a collector box having a bottom wall and side walls (13) and a top, allowing the entry of solar radiation into the box, optionally with a cover (6), forming a barrier against the escape of thermal radiation from inside the box, wherein in a space above the bottom wall one or more thermal collector bodies (1), adapted for the throughflow of flowable, solar heat absorbing heat carrier medium, is/are accommodated, being respectively connected or connectable to feed and withdrawal ducts for the heat carrier medium, wherein the one or more thermal collector body/ies is/are thermally absorptive, integrally extruded or continuously cast hollow body/ies including as an integral part of its/their cross-sectional profile a tubular hollow body adapted for the flow therethrough of a flowable heat carrier medium, and being an integrated extrusion or continuously cast profile in one piece having the cross-section of a flattish tube profile formed by a broad top wall (20) integrally connected on opposite sides to a broad bottom wall (21), whereof at least the top wall (20) carries integrated surface enlarging outwardly directed heat transfer ribs (23) parallel to the tube axial direction (19) being the direction of extrusion or continuous casting and being set up for the said top wall (20) to be the side facing the sun so that the outwardly directed ribs (23) act as heat absorption and transfer ribs for absorbing solar radiation and transferring it as heat to the flowable heat carrier medium flowing through the tubular hollow body, connected for the inflow of cold heat carrier medium and for the withdrawal of the heated heat carrier medium. 27. The solar thermal collector claimed in claim 26, wherein the extruded or continuously cast hollow thermal collector body/ies is/are made of aluminum or aluminum alloy, anodized black. 28. Solar thermal collector according to claim 26, wherein the collector box includes a cover panel (6), allowing the entry of solar radiation into the box and forming a barrier against the escape of thermal radiation from inside the box, which cover panel, on its inner side, is provided with reflective micro-prisms. 29. Solar thermal collector according to claim 26, wherein the hollow thermal collector body or bodies carries/carry inwardly directed integrally cast or extruded ribs (24) on the inside, parallel to the tube axis direction (19). 30. Solar thermal collector according to claim 29, wherein the inwardly directed ribs (24) on the inside, parallel to the tube axis direction (19) are carried on the top wall which also carries the outwardly directed ribs (23). 31. Solar thermal collector according to claim 26, wherein the collector box includes side walls (13) having a reversible profile including a lateral outwardly directed flange (10) which, depending on whether the collector is intended for mounting on a roof surface or the like or recessed into such surface, is provided proximate to either the lower edge (14, 17) or the upper edge (14, 17) of the side wall (13), two inwardly directed flanges (15, 16) proximate to the lower and the upper edges (14, 17) for respectively having fitted thereto a bottom panel (5) and a cover panel (6), the latter for admitting solar radiation therethrough and for forming a barrier against the escape of thermal radiation from inside the box and further comprising, between the two inwardly directed flanges, a further inwardly directed flange (18) for positioning an insulation body provided between the bottom panel and such further flange. 32. Solar thermal collector according to claim 26, wherein the collector box has thermally insulated bottom and side walls rendered inwardly reflective or lined with reflective material, and that in the collector box the one or more hollow thermal collector bodies (1) is/are mounted in a freely suspended manner, at a distance from the reflective bottom wall and so that the internal total percentage surface area of the box not covered by the hollow thermal collector body or bodies is from 1 to 50%. 33. Solar thermal collector according to claim 32, wherein said total percentage surface area of the box not covered by the hollow thermal collector body or bodies is from 5 to 40%. 34. Solar thermal collector according to claim 32, wherein said total percentage surface area of the box not covered by the hollow thermal collector body or bodies is from 5 to 20%. 35. Solar thermal collector according to claim 32, wherein a plurality of the hollow thermal collector bodies are thus mounted with gaps there between. 36. Solar thermal collector according to claim 32, wherein the broad flat bottom wall (21) of the tubular hollow thermal collector body/ies has/have a flat outer bottom surface facing at a distance the reflective bottom wall of the collector box. 37. Solar thermal collector according to claim 26, wherein the hollow thermal collector body/ies carries/y inside rebated formations (25) extending longitudinally parallel to the ribs, extending over the entire space between the top and bottom walls (20, 21) and integrally connected to both walls, accommodating screws passing through manifold ducts (2) and drawing these ducts in sealing relationship against the open ends of the hollow thermal collector body/ies (1). 38. Solar thermal collector according to claim 26, wherein the hollow thermal collector body/ies is/are fitted at their opposite ends in sealing relationship through planar side walls (33) or side wall portions of two feed, respectively withdrawal manifold ducts (2) and the manifold ducts hold the hollow thermal collector body/ies (1) freely suspended above the bottom wall of the collector box. 39. Solar thermal collector according to claim 38, wherein the feed and withdrawal manifold ducts (2) are in turn mounted between opposite side walls (13) of the collector box by the ends of the manifold ducts which are surrounded by insulating bushes (9) passing with a resilient press fit through holes in the side walls (13). 40. The solar collector as claimed in claim 26, wherein the thermal collector body or bodies (1) is/are hollow body/ies fitted at their opposite ends in sealing relationship to inlet and withdrawal ducts (2), wherein the inlet and withdrawal ducts, acting as manifold ducts (2) are provided by a continuously cast or extruded profile which at least along one longitudinal side is planar to provide a plane area for sealing engagement with a likewise planar end face of the hollow thermal collector body or bodies (1). 41. The solar collector as claimed in claim 40, wherein the inlet and withdrawal ducts have an external rectangular or square cross-section (29) and an end (39) of a duct (2) has been machined to form a connector member. 42. A process of manufacturing a solar thermal collector, more particularly having the features set out in claim 31, including the steps of producing by extrusion or continuous casting a reversible profile including a lateral outwardly directed flange (10) which, depending on which way around the profile is orientated, namely whether the collector is intended for mounting on a roof surface or the like or recessed into such surface, is provided proximate to either the lower edge (14, 17) or the upper edge (14, 17) of the side wall (13), two inwardly directed flanges (15, 16) respectively proximate to the lower and the upper edges (14, 17) for respectively having fitted thereto a bottom panel (5) and a cover panel (6), the latter for admitting solar radiation therethrough and for forming a barrier against the escape of thermal radiation from inside the box and further comprising, between the two inwardly directed flanges, a further inwardly directed flange (18) for positioning an insulation body provided between the bottom panel and such further flange, assembling side walls (13) of said profile with the lateral outwardly directed flange (10) proximate to what is to be the upper or lower edge (14, 17), depending on whether the collector is intended for mounting on a roof surface or the like or recessed into such surface, together with a bottom panel (5), covered by an insulation body rendered reflective on its upper side positioned between that inwardly directed flange (15, 16) which is proximate to what is to be the lower edge of the thermal collector and said further inwardly directed flange (18) to form a collector box of the solar thermal collector, and at an optional stage of such assembly installing inside the collector box one or more hollow solar thermal collector bodies containing a heat transfer medium flowing therethrough and, where applicable, closing the top of the collector box with a cover panel (6), allowing the entry of solar radiation into the box end forming a barrier against the escape of thermal radiation from inside the box, fitted onto the inwardly directed flange (15, 16) which is proximate the upper edge (14, 17). 43. The process according to claim 42, wherein the hollow thermal collector body or bodies (1) is/are hollow bodies fitted at their opposite ends in sealing relationship to inlet and withdrawal ducts (2), wherein the inlet and withdrawal ducts acting as manifold ducts (2) are provided by a continuously cast or extruded profile which at least along one longitudinal side is planar to provide a plane area for sealing engagement, with a likewise planar end face of the hollow thermal collector body or bodies (1) and wherein an end (39) of a duct (2) has been machined to a circular exterior cross-section to form a connector member. 44. The process as claimed in claim 42, wherein the one or more hollow thermal body/ies is/are integrally extruded or continuously cast to form hollow thermal panel body/ies including as an integral part of its/their cross-sectional profile a tubular hollow body adapted for the flow therethrough of a flowable heat carrier medium, and being an integrated extrusion or continuously cast profile in one piece having the cross-section of a flattish tube profile formed by a broad top wall (20) integrally connected on opposite sides to a similarly broad bottom wall (21), whereof at least the top wall (20) carries integrated surface enlarging outwardly directed heat transfer ribs (23) parallel to the tube axial direction (19) respectively the direction of extrusion or continuous casting and being set up for the said top wall (20) to be the side facing the sun so that the outwardly directed ribs (23) act as heat absorption and transfer ribs for absorbing solar radiation and transferring it as heat to the flowable heat carrier medium flowing through the tubular hollow body, connected for the inflow of cold heat carrier medium and for the withdrawal of the heated heat carrier medium. 45. A method of collecting thermal solar energy which includes using an integrally extruded or continuously cast hollow thermal collector body including as an integral part of its cross-sectional profile a tubular hollow body adapted for the flow therethrough of a flowable heat carrier medium, which is an integrated extrusion or continuously cast profile in one piece having the cross-section of a flattish tube profile formed by a broad top wall (20) connected on opposite sides to a similarly broad bottom wall (21), whereof at least the top wall (20) carries integrated surface enlarging outwardly directed heat transfer ribs (23) parallel to the tube axial direction (19) respectively the direction of extrusion or continuous casting, as a solar thermal collector body set up for the said top wall (20) to be the side facing the sun so that the outwardly directed ribs (23) act as heat absorption and transfer ribs for absorbing solar radiation and transferring it as heat to the flowable heat carrier medium flowing through the tubular hollow body connected for the inflow of cold heat carrier medium and for the withdrawal of the heated heat carrier medium. 