In a method of forming a concentration solar cell chip packaging structure, at least one solar cell chip is mounted on an electrically conducting plate, and the solar cell chip along with the conducting plate are encapsulated in a package made of a highly light-pervious and shock-absorbing polymer material. Moreover, a thin layer of low-iron, high-strength, and light-pervious material is attached to an outer surface of the polymer package. With the above method, the concentration solar cell chip packaging structure may be formed with shortened processing time and improved processing quality to give the packaged solar cell increased light transmittance and prolonged usable life.
Claims 1. A concentration solar cell chip packaging structure, comprising: a heat sink; a thin layer of insulating material provided on a top of the heat sink; an electrically conducting plate provided on the insulating layer; at least one solar cell chip mounted to a top of the conducting plate to electrically connect to the latter; a package made of a highly light-pervious and shock-absorbing polymer material for encapsulating the solar cell chip and the conducting plate; and a layer of low-iron, high-strength, and light-pervious material attached to an outer surface of the polymer package. 2. The concentration solar cell chip packaging structure as claimed in claim 1, wherein the conducting plate is a metal core printed circuit board. 3. The concentration solar cell chip packaging structure as claimed in claim 1, wherein the polymer package is EVA. 4. The concentration solar cell chip packaging structure as claimed in claim 1, wherein the layer of low-iron, high-strength, and light-pervious material contains less than 0.5% of iron. 5. The concentration solar cell chip packaging structure as claimed in claim 4, wherein the layer of low-iron, high-strength, and light-pervious material is tempered glass. 6. A method of forming a concentration solar cell chip packaging structure, comprising the steps of: providing a heat sink; providing a thin layer of insulating material on a top of the heat sink; providing an electrically conducting plate on the insulating layer; providing at least one solar cell chip, and mounting the solar cell chip to a top of the conducting plate to electrically connect thereto; forming a package of a highly light-pervious and shock-absorbing polymer material for encapsulating the conducting plate and the solar cell chip; and providing a layer of low-iron, high-strength, and light-pervious material for attaching to an outer surface of the polymer package. 7. The method of forming a concentration solar cell chip packaging structure as claimed in claim 6, wherein the conducting plate is a metal core printed circuit board. 8. The method of forming a concentration solar cell chip packaging structure as claimed in claim 6, wherein the layer of low-iron, high-strength, and light-pervious material contains less than 0.5% of iron. 9. The method of forming a concentration solar cell chip packaging structure as claimed in claim 8, wherein the layer of low-iron, high-strength, and light-pervious material is tempered glass. 10. The method of forming a concentration solar cell chip packaging structure as claimed in claim 6, wherein the highly light-pervious and shock-absorbing polymer package is EVA. 