A collapsible portable stand comprises support legs and a mast that collapse into a small equipment enclosure or case, forming one single, integral unit that provides for storage, stable support for a device that is mounted onto the mast, and portability. The legs and mast are operatively connected to the case and preferably have extendable length. In an embodiment, the legs and mast are connected to the case via hinges that provide for the legs and mast to rotate with respect to the case. The case preferably has wheels and an extendable handle for ease of transport when the legs and mast are collapsed into the case. An embodiment includes an internal storage case that has a moveable cover that can include controls for and/or connections to a device stored in the internal storage case. An alternative embodiment includes a larger portable stand that has components that are external of the case and/or are independent of a case.
Claims 1. A portable stand comprising: a first case that defines an enclosed space; at least one extendible leg attached to said first case; and an extendible mast attached to said first case, wherein said extendable legs may be retracted for storage inside of said case and said mast can be retracted for storage inside of said case, said legs and said mast being extendable from said case at a site of use by manipulation of said legs and mast without requiring connection of parts thereto, wherein said mast extends upward vertically higher than the height of said case and said legs extend from said case to provide stability for said mast when extended upwards from said case. 2. The stand of claim 1, wherein at least one of said at least one extendible leg is pivotally attached to said first case. 3. The stand of claim 2, wherein said extendible mast is pivotally attached to said first case. 4. The stand of claim 3, wherein said at least one extendable leg is pivotally attached to the interior of said first case and said mast is pivotally attached to the interior of said first case, wherein said at least one extendable leg and mast can be collapsed into the interior of said first case. 5. The stand of claim 4, further comprising: a second case mounted within said first case. 6. The stand of claim 4, further comprising, at least one functional device mounted to said extendible mast, said functional device selected being at least one of the group consisting of a light, a microphone, a still camera, an audio output, a visual output, a laser, a weapon, a video camera, a transmitter, a receiver, a weather monitoring device, a solar panel, a surveying device, a motion sensing device, a chemical sensor, a thermal sensor, an alarm, a wind power generator, and a GPS device. 7. The stand of claim 6, further comprising: a second case mounted with said first case. 8. The stand of claim 6, wherein said mast further comprises a mount for at least one functional device, said mount permitting a functional device attached thereto to have multiple degrees of freedom of motion with respect to said mast. 9. The stand of claim 8, wherein said mast has at least two functional devices connected thereto, and each of said functional devices can be rotated or pivoted independently with respect to another. 10. The stand of claim 9, further comprising: a second case mounted with said first case, and wherein said second case includes a control panel for an electrical supply, said functional devices comprise lights, and said control panel provides power to said lights. 11. A mount for attaching devices to a mast, said mount comprising: a center bracket that can be attached to an upper end of a mast and provides for said mount to pivot about a first axis; a first pivot mount that is connected to said center bracket, said first pivot mount permitting a device mounted therein to pivot about a second axis at an angle to said first axis; and a second pivot mount that is connected to said center bracket, said second pivot mount permitting a device mounted therein to pivot about a third axis that is at an angle to said first axis; said first and second pivot mounts both comprising a rotational mount pivotally mounted therein, wherein a first functional device mounted on said rotational mount in said first pivot mount rotates about a fourth axis and a second functional device within said second pivot mount rotates about a fifth axis, wherein first and second functional devices mounted in said first and second pivot mounts respectively can rotate and pivot independently of each other. 12. The mount of claim 11, mounted on the portable stand of claims 1-10, and wherein at least one of said functional devices are held by said mount. 