A display article (10) has a single indicia plate (11) having indicia formed by cut-outs (12) in the indicia plate (11) and one or more plates (13, 14) attached to the indicia plate (11) which are opaque, transparent or translucent.
Claims 1. A display article having: (i) a single indicia plate having indicia formed by cut outs in the indicia plate constituting a front plate of the display article; (ii) a second plate located rearwardly of the single indicia plate formed from coloured material; and (iii) a third plate located rearwardly of the second plate which is formed from reflective material, wherein each of plates (i), (ii) and (iii) are arranged adjacent to each other in separate planes with the only indicia in the display article being formed in the indicia plate or surrounding the indicia plate, and the colour of the second plate is reflected from the third plate through said indicia of the indicia plate to provide an aesthetic effect. 2. A display article as claimed in claim 1 wherein the cut outs in the single indicia plate are formed by laser cutting of the indicia plate which is formed from metal. 3. A display article as claimed in claim 1 also including a backing plate or sheet. 4. A display article as claimed in claim 3 wherein there is provided a mounting base attached to the backing sheet or plate. 5. A display article as claimed in claim 4 wherein the mounting base has a three dimensional shape including a fabricated stand or having a hollow recess or interior. 6. A display article as claimed in claim 5 wherein the mounting base includes a solar dome or solar electric panel coupled to LEDs or other lighting systems. 7. A display article as claimed in claim 1 wherein solid indicia of the single indicia plate which are cut out therefrom are incorporated in a surround or peripheral position of the indicia plate. 8. A display article as claimed in claim 7 wherein the solid indicia are welded or bonded to said surround or peripheral position. 9. A display article as claimed in claim 1 having a peripheral frame adapted to clamp the single indicia plate and the second plate and third plate together. 10. A display article as claimed in claim 9 wherein the peripheral frame also has a plurality of cut-outs. 11. A display article as claimed in claim 1 having a peripheral frame which is located on top of the single indicia plate. 12. A display article as claimed in claim 1 wherein the single indicia plate is provided with attachment lugs which are folded inwardly to retain said single indicia plate and said second and third plates. 13. A display article as claimed in claim 12 wherein the attachment lugs extend through slots in said second sheet before being folded inwardly. 14. A display article as claimed in claim 1 wherein the indicia plate has a plurality of peripheral panels adapted to be folded downwardly to form a hollow space for enclosing the second plate and third plate. 15. A display article as claimed in claim 2 also including a backing plate or sheet. 16. A display article as claimed in claim 15 wherein there is provided a mounting base attached to the backing sheet or plate. 17. A display article as claimed in claim 16 wherein the mounting base has a three dimensional shape including a fabricated stand or having a hollow recess or interior. 18. A display article as claimed in claim 17 wherein the mounting base includes a solar dome or solar electric panel coupled to LEDs or other lighting systems. 19. A display article as claimed in claim 2 wherein solid indicia of the single indicia plate which are cut out therefrom are incorporated in a surround or peripheral position of the indicia plate. 20. A display article as claimed in claim 3 wherein solid indicia of the single indicia plate which are cut out therefrom are incorporated in a surround or peripheral position of the indicia plate. 