The present invention relates to a solar element with solar cell carrier, frame and temperature control device, in which, in order to be simply producible, the temperature control device is an integral part of the frame. The invention relates furthermore to a method for the production of such solar element as well as the use of same.
Claims 1-11. (canceled) 12. Solar element comprised of solar cell carrier (1), frame (2) and temperature control device (3), wherein the frame (2) is implemented such that it covers at least one side facing away from the sun of the solar element and wherein the temperature control device (3) is an integral component of the frame (2), and wherein the temperature control device (3) comprises several interconnected hollow volumes (4), wherein the hollow volumes (4) are implemented as interconnected channels (5) spaced apart from one another, and the channels are formed such that they border with their open side on the solar cell carrier (1), characterized in that the channels (5) are largely implemented parallel and are formed such that they are connected at their end sides (6) via an inflow (7) and an outflow (8) and that the channels (5) are developed of at least one formed part (9), in particular synthetic formed part, and wherein the frame (2) includes core reinforcements (10), preferably rod-shaped steel core reinforcements, which are disposed in a largely parallel direction to the channels (5) between them and wherein solar cell carrier (1), frame (2) and temperature control device (3) are implemented unitarily and nondetachably connected. 13. Solar element as claimed in claim 12, characterized in that the frame (2) comprises at least one, each, in particular, sealed, lateral contact arrangement for an electrical connection (11) and a temperature control means connection (12) to a further solar element, wherein the electrical contact arrangement (11) is formed such that it establishes contact to all solar cells of a solar element. 14. Solar element as claimed in claim 12, characterized in that the frame (2) is comprised of synthetic material, preferably of a reinforced synthetic material, in particular of a fiber-reinforced or core reinforced synthetic material, especially particularly of a polyurethane or an acrylonitrile butadiene styrene copolymer. 15. Solar element as claimed in claim 12, characterized in that the frame (2) can be produced by means of injection molding. 16. Method for the production of a solar element as claimed in claim 12, with the steps: a) placing a formed part (9) as well as optionally at least one core reinforcement (10) into an injection mold, b) placing a solar cell carrier, such that the solar cell carrier rests at least partially on the formed part (9), and c) injection molding a common frame (2) around the formed part (9), the, optionally, at least one core reinforcement (10) and the solar cell carrier (1). 17. Assembly set for a solar energy installation, comprised of at least two solar elements as claimed in claim 12, mounting tracks and roof hooks. 18. Use of a solar element as claimed in claim 12 for a solar energy installation. 19. Solar energy installation comprising at least two, preferably 15, solar elements as claimed in claim 12. 