This invention relates to a frame for mounting a solar panel, where an angle frame member has a generally L-shaped cross section. The highly contoured frame member includes a riser element and a span element, where the riser element includes a straight section below an arcuate section bending towards the inside of the angle frame member. This invention also relates to solar modules, arrays of solar modules and methods of mounting solar modules, all having a highly contoured frame member.
Claims 1. A frame for mounting a solar panel, the frame comprising: at least one angle member, the at least one angle member having a length and a generally L-shaped cross section transverse to the length, the at least one angle member comprising a span element connecting generally perpendicular to a riser element, the riser element having a generally straight section extending from the span element and an arcuate section extending from the generally straight section; and a flange in combination with the at least one angle member for receiving at least a portion of the solar panel. 2. The frame of claim 1, wherein the arcuate section bends inward toward an angle of the at least one angle member. 3. The frame of claim 2, wherein the arcuate section extends through an angle of at least about 120 degrees. 4. The frame of claim 2, wherein the arcuate section extends through an angle of at least about 150 degrees. 5. The frame of claim 1, wherein the at least one angle member includes at least one attachment boss disposed with respect to the at least one angle member for receiving at least one fastener. 6. The frame of claim 5, further comprising at least one rectangular member in combination with and mating with the at least one angle member. 7. The frame of claim 6, wherein the at least one rectangular member and the at least one angle member form a butt joint attached by at least one fastener and the at least one attachment boss. 8. The frame of claim 1, further comprising a connection channel formed in the span element along at least a part of the length of the at least one angle member to receive a portion of an anchor for mounting the frame to a structure. 9. The frame of claim 8, further comprising: mounting rails receiving the anchor from the at least one connection channel and mounting to the structure in an end mount orientation with respect to the solar panel. 10. The frame of claim 1, wherein the at least one angle member has a mass per unit length of less than about 700 grams per meter. 11. The frame of claim 1, wherein a center of mass of the at least one angle member generally aligns with an inside edged of the flange to resist a bending moment. 12. A solar module for anchoring to a structure, the solar module comprising: a solar panel including at least one solar cell disposed between a transparent sheet and a backing sheet; a frame for mounting the solar panel including at least one angle member, the at least one angle member having a length and a generally L-shaped cross section transverse to the length, the at least one angle member comprising a span element connecting generally perpendicular to a riser element, the riser element having a generally straight section extending from the span element and an arcuate section extending from the generally straight section; and a flange in combination with the at least one angle member for receiving at least a portion of the solar panel. 13. The solar module of claim 12, wherein the at least one angle member includes at least one attachment boss. 14. The solar module of claim 12, wherein the riser element and the span element have a thickness of between about 0.5 mm and about 3.5 mm. 15. The solar module of claim 12, wherein: the at least one angle member has a height of between about 30 mm and about 80 mm; and the at least one angle member has a width of between about 10 mm and about 50 mm. 16. The solar module of claim 12, further comprising: at least one rectangular member in combination with and mating with the at least one angle member. 17. The solar module of claim 12, wherein: the solar panel has a perimeter edge and a rectangular shape with a length greater than a width; angle members disposed along the length of the solar panel and rectangular members disposed along the width of the solar panel to bound the perimeter edge of the solar panel; and a sealant applied to at least a portion of the perimeter edge and the frame. 18. An array of the solar modules of claim 12, anchoring on a structure comprising: a plurality of solar modules disposed on a structure in an end mount orientation. 19. A method of mounting a solar module of claim 12 to a structure, the method comprising: providing a solar module having a frame, wherein the frame includes at least one angle member with a contoured shape; and attaching the solar module with respect to the structure. 20. An extruded member for mounting a solar panel to a structure, the extruded member comprising: a first linear portion having a length, a first end and a second end, the first linear portion extending generally horizontally; a first arc portion having a length, a first end and a second end, the first end of the first arc portion extending from the second end of the first linear portion and curving upwards from the first linear portion until the second end of the first arc portion aligns generally perpendicular and above with respect to the first linear portion, the first arc portion having a length about one tenth to about one half the length of the first linear portion; a second linear portion having a length, a first end and a second end, the first end of the second linear portion extending generally vertically and above from the second end of the first arc portion and having a length about one tenth to about equal to the length of the first linear portion; a second arc portion having a radius, an angle, a length, a first end and a second end, the first end of the second arc portion extending from the second end of the second linear portion and curving inwards toward the first end of the first linear portion with a radius about one tenth to about twice the length of the first linear portion and an angle of at least about 120 degrees until the second end of the second arc portion generally vertically aligns with the first end of the second arc portion, the second arc portion having a length about one quarter to about twice the length of the first linear portion; a third linear portion having a length, a first end and a second end, the first end of the third linear portion extending generally horizontally from the second end of the second arc portion and towards the first end of the first linear portion, the third linear portion having a length about one tenth to about three quarters the length of the first linear portion; a fourth linear portion having a length, a first end and a second end, the first end of the fourth linear portion extending generally vertically from and above the second end of the second arc portion and having a length about one tenth to about one half the length of the first linear portion; and a fifth linear portion having a length, a first end and a second end, the first end of the fifth linear portion extending from the second end of the fourth linear portion toward the first end of the first linear portion and generally parallel with respect to the third linear portion, the fifth linear portion having a length about one tenth to about three quarters the length of the first linear portion. 21. The extruded member of claim 20, further comprising: a first curved finger extending from the first end of the first linear portion toward the second linear portion forming a first c-shaped body; and a second curved finger extending from second arc portion and the third linear portion toward a first end of the first linear portion forming a second c-shaped body. 