A Safety reflector suitable as a road stud or hazard reflecting ornament able to utilize ambient light without solar panels batteries or diodes, in order to reflect light multi-dimensionally
Claims 1. A versatile safety reflector suitable for roads and vehicles, harnessing external surrounding ambient light 7, or other remote energy sources from at least two directions, employing reflectors to receive and concentrate energy in order to luminesce or fluoresce optimally placed shared body member 3, lodged in a tapered section between at least two adjoining reflectors 2, placed in close proximity to one another, stimulating photon and electron activity resulting in maximum amount of transmitted visible light 8 from at least two directions, irrespective of receptive direction or angle of origin of light source. 2. A versatile safety reflector according to claim 1, in which a reflector or reflectors are of conical, pyramidal or other shape so that light is internally collected and reflected in order to provide concentrated light in or near a tapered end. 3. A versatile safety reflector according to claim 1, in which a reflector or reflectors are of concave or parabolic shape so that light may be reflected towards a luminescent or fluorescent body extending from a rear smaller aperture. 4. A versatile safety reflector according to claim 1, in which a trough reflector or reflectors of variable shapes so that light may be reflected towards a luminescent or fluorescent body extending from the reflectors converging aperture. 5. A versatile safety reflector able to merge primary colours in order to produce white light. 6. A versatile safety reflector having lenses fitted in or near it's conjoining tapered or converging ends. 7. A versatile safety reflector having prisms fitted in or near it's conjoining tapered or converging ends. 8. A versatile reflector able to emit light 360 degree even when received light appears from one limited direction only. 9. A versatile safety reflector acting as a road stud, pavement marker, bollard, verge marker, traffic cones, pilons, guard rails or lane markers. 10. A versatile safety reflector for mounting on bikes and other vehicles 11. A versatile ornamental safety reflector for key rings or personal attire. 12. A versatile safety reflector equipped with auxiliary diode lights powered by solar cells or transferring energy from a distantly located primary coil a secondary coil housed within the safety device. 13. A versatile safety reflector covered by lenses, prisms or fresnell lenses. 14. A versatile safety reflector provided with polarizing layers able to intermittently allow passage of light. 15. A versatile safety reflector able to receive distant invisible light of short wavelength and transmit visible light of longer wavelength. 16. A versatile safety reflector receiving thermoelectric current created due to different metals being employed to cause temperature differences and so by a potential difference. 17. A versatile safety reflector composed of reflective surfaces lined by luminescent material. 