An integrated, modular solar collector comprising an array of solar collection devices, wherein the array of solar collection devices is mounted in a frame providing for air flow, piping and/or electrical connections between the devices.
Claims 1. frame component for mounting a solar collector panel, comprising: a transverse wall having a first face and an opposing face; a pair of shelves extending from the first face; and a complementary pair of shelves extending from the opposing face; such that when a first frame component comprising a first transverse wall, a first pair of shelves, and a first complementary pair of shelves, is engaged with a second frame component comprising a second transverse wall, a second pair of shelves, and a second complementary pair of shelves such that the first complementary pair of shelves is fitted against the second complementary pair of shelves, an airflow channel is defined by the opposing face of the first transverse wall, the opposing face of the second transverse wall, and by shelves of each of the first and second complementary pair of shelves. 2. The frame component of claim 1, wherein the pair of shelves extends substantially perpendicularly from the first face. 3. The frame component of claim 2, wherein the complementary pair of shelves extends substantially perpendicularly from the opposing face. 4. The frame component of claim 1, wherein the spacing between the shelves of the first pair of shelves is less than the spacing between the shelves of the complementary pair of shelves. 5. The frame component of claim 4, further comprising a first open bore adjacent a first one of the shelves of the pair of shelves for receiving an edge of a solar collector panel. 6. The frame component of claim 5, further comprising a second open bore adjacent a second one of the shelves of the pair of shelves for receiving a back plate. 7. The frame component of claim 1, wherein the transverse wall comprises at least one air flow opening. 8. The frame component of claim 4, further comprising a first open bore for receiving an edge of a solar collector panel, the first open bore being adjacent a vertex defined bv a first one of the shelves of the pair of shelves and the first face. 9. The frame component of claim 8, further comprising a second open bore for receiving an edge of a back plate, the second open bore being adjacent a vertex defined by a second one of the shelves of the pair of shelves and the first face. 10. The frame component of claim 9, wherein the transverse wall comprises at least one air flow opening. 11. The frame component of claim 1, wherein the frame component is formed in an integral piece. 12. The frame component of claim 1, wherein the frame component is f rmed from one of: composite plastic, ceramic, or extruded aluminum. 13. A frame for mounting a solar collector panel, comprising: a first frame component, comprising: a first transverse wall having a first face and an opposing face; a first pair of shelves extending from the first face; and a first complementary pair of shelves extending from the opposing face; and a second frame component, comprising: a second transverse wall having a first face and an opposing face; a second pair of shelves extending from the first face of the second transverse wall, and a second complementary pair of shelves extending from the opposing face of the second transverse wall; the first frame component being engaged with the second frame component such that the first complementary pair of shelves is fitted against the second complementary pair of shelves such that an airflow channel is defined by the opposing face of the first transverse wall, the opposing face of the second transverse wall, and by shelves of each of the first and second complementary pair of shelves. 14. The frame of claim 13, wherein the first pair of shelves extends substantially perpendicularly from the first face of the first transverse wall, and the second pair of shelves extends substantially perpendicularly from the first face of the second transverse wall. 15. The frame component of claim 13, wherein the spacing between the shelves of each of the first and second pairs of shelves is less than the spacing between the shelves of each of the first and second complementary pairs of shelves. 16. The frame component of claim 14, further comprising on the first frame component a first open bore for receiving an edge of a solar collector panel, the first open bore being adjacent a vertex defined by a first one of the shelves of the first pair of shelves and the first face of the first transverse wall. 17. The frame component of claim 16, further comprising on the first frame component a second open bore for receiving an edge of a back plate, the second open bore being adjacent a vertex defined by a second one of the shelves of the first pair of shelves and the first face of the first transverse wall. 18. A method for mounting a solar collector panel, comprising: for each edge of the solar collector panel, providing a first and a second frame component, each frame component comprising: a transverse wall having a first face and an opposing face; a pair of shelves extending from the first face; and a complementary pair of shelves extending from the opposing face; engaging the first frame component with the second frame component such that the complementary pair of shelves of the first frame component is fitted against the complementary pair of shelves of the second frame component to define an airflow channel by the opposing face of the transverse wall of the first frame component, the opposing face of the transverse wall of the second frame component, and by shelves of each of the complementary pairs of shelves of the first and second frame components; and mounting the edge of the solar collector panel in an open bore provided adjacent one of the pair of shelves of the first frame component. 19. The method of claim 18, further comprising: providing a back plate corresponding to the solar collector panel; for each edge of the back plate, mounting the edge of the back plate in an open bore provided adjacent the other of the pair of shelves of the first frame component to define an airspace between the back plate and the solar collector panel. 20. The method of claim 19, wherein the transverse wall of the first frame component comprises an air flow opening. 