The invention relates to a method for operating an inverter comprising a step-up device which is upstream-connected by means of an intermediate circuit and is connectable to a direct-current source with a variable reference sampling current wherein said inverter and the step-up device are provided with an efficiency optimizing working area, respectively. When the variable reference sampling current is raised and the step-up device approaches a pulse duty factor value, the intermediate circuit voltage is reduced and the variable reference sampling current is stabilized, said intermediate circuit voltage is re-raised. When the direct-current source is in a permanent operational state, the inverter and the step-up device operate in the efficiency optimizing working area thereof, respectively.
Claims 1-8. (canceled) 9. A method for operating an inverter having a step-up device where the inverter and step-up device each have their own efficiency-optimized operating range, comprising: connecting a direct current source by a direct current link to the step-up device, where the direct current source has a varying specified draw current; decreasing the direct current link voltage when the specified draw current rises and the step-up device approaches a maximum value of the pulse duty factor; and raising the direct current link voltage upon stabilizing of the specified draw current. 10. The method as claimed in claim 9, wherein the input voltage of the step-up device times a transformation ratio of the step-up device minus a safety value of approximately 30% of a mean input voltage range value of the inverter is specified as an optimum direct current link voltage and the uppermost and lowermost input voltage range value of the inverter are specified respectively as the upper limiting value of the direct current link voltage and its lower limiting value. 11. The method as claimed in claim 10, wherein the direct current link voltage is decreased by approximately 90% of the present value if the following conditions are met: the present value of the direct current link voltage exceeds a threshold of approximately 90% of the upper voltage limiting value of the efficiency-optimized operating range of the inverter, and the specified draw current of the direct current source exceeds 125% of the present draw current, and the present draw current is approaching the maximum draw current specified as the internal current limitation of the direct voltage source, and the direct current link voltage will be raised step-by-step if: the present value of the direct current link voltage is below the optimum direct current link voltage, the present draw current corresponds to the specified draw current, and if the aforementioned conditions for decreasing the direct current link voltage are not met. 12. An arrangement for operating an inverter, comprising: a direct current source the provides a direct current having a variable specified draw current; a step-up device connected to the direct current source that increases the direct current voltage; and a control unit connected to the inverter and step-up device that controls the operation of the arrangement, wherein the direct current link voltage is decreased when the specified draw current rises and the step-up device approaches a maximum value of the pulse duty factor, and the direct current link voltage is raised upon stabilizing the specified draw current. 13. The arrangement as claimed in claim 12, wherein the step-up device is an isolated step-up device. 14. The arrangement as claimed in claim 13, wherein the direct current source is selected from the group consisting of: a fuel cell, a photovoltaic cell, a battery, an accumulator, and a direct current generator. 15. The arrangement as claimed in claim 14, wherein the control unit controls the inverter and step-up device. 16. The arrangement as claimed in claim 15 wherein the control unit has a microprocessor. 17. The arrangement as claimed in claim 16, wherein an input voltage of the step-up device times a transformation ratio of the step-up device minus a safety value of approximately 30% of a mean input voltage range value of the inverter is specified as an optimum direct current link voltage. 18. The method as claimed in claim 17, wherein the direct current link voltage is decreased by approximately 90% of a present value if the following conditions have been met: the present value of the direct current link voltage exceeds a threshold of approximately 90% of an upper voltage limiting value of the efficiency-optimized operating range of the inverter, and the specified draw current of the direct current source exceeds 125% of a present draw current, and the present draw current approaches a maximum draw current specified as an internal current limitation of the direct voltage source, and the direct current link voltage is raised step-by-step if: the present value of the direct current link voltage is below an optimum direct current link voltage, the present draw current corresponds to the specified draw current, and if the aforementioned conditions for decreasing the direct current link voltage are not met. 