A solar concentrator system, including at least two reflecting devices and a refracting lens, is provided. The reflecting devices focus light onto the lens which further concentrates the light on a solar cell. The lens increases the system's acceptance angle. In one embodiment the lens may be attached to the solar cell. In other embodiments, the lens is supported by a support structure, connecting element, and reflecting device.
Claims 1. A solar concentrator system, comprising: a first reflective mirror capable of collecting solar radiation, said first mirror concentrating said solar radiation into a first region; a second reflective mirror located substantially in said first region, said second mirror aligned with said first mirror to receive said concentrated solar radiation from said first mirror, said second mirror further concentrating said solar radiation into a second region; a refracting optical device located substantially in said second region, said refracting device aligned with said second mirror to receive said further concentrated solar radiation from said second mirror, said refracting device further concentrating said solar radiation into a third region; and a solar cell capable of converting solar radiation into electricity, said cell created with a wafer manufacturing process, said cell located substantially in said third region, said cell aligned below said refracting device to receive said further concentrated solar radiation from said refracting device, said cell converting said concentrated solar radiation into electricity. 2. The solar energy concentrator system of claim 1, wherein said refracting device is aligned onto said solar cell during said wafer manufacturing process, and said refracting device being smaller than said cell. 3. The solar energy concentrator system of claim 1, further comprising: a substantially planar surface; a perimeter on said first mirror wherein at least a portion of said perimeter is coupled to said planar surface; an open center region on said first mirror wherein said open region is substantially in said second region; and a mounting surface on said second mirror wherein at least a portion of said mounting surface is coupled to said planar surface. 4. The solar energy concentrator system of claim 1, further comprising a support structure, wherein said solar cell is coupled to said support structure, said support structure is coupled to said first mirror, and said refracting optical device is coupled to said solar cell. 5. The solar energy concentrator system of claim 1, further comprising a support structure, wherein said solar cell is coupled to said support structure, said support structure is coupled to said first mirror, and said refracting optical device is coupled to said support structure. 6. The solar energy concentrator system of claim 1, wherein said retracting optical device is coupled to said first mirror. 7. The solar energy concentrator system of claim 1, wherein said refracting optical device is comprised of silicone. 8. The solar energy concentrator system of claim 1, wherein said refracting optical device is an immersion lens. 9. The solar energy concentrator system of claim 1, further comprising a solid dielectric material, wherein said first and said second mirrors are coupled to said solid dielectric material in a solid unit. 10. The solar energy concentrator system of claim 9 wherein said refracting optical device is coupled to said solid dielectric material. 11. The solar energy concentrator system of claim 10 wherein said refracting optical device is directly attached to said solid dielectric material. 12. A method of concentrating solar radiation upon a solar cell and generating electricity, comprising: first concentrating solar radiation into a first region using a first reflective mirror; second concentrating said solar radiation into a second region using a second reflective mirror being located substantially in said first region, said second mirror aligning with said first mirror and receiving said first concentrated solar radiation from said first mirror; third concentrating said solar radiation into a third region using a refracting optical device being located substantially in said second region, said refracting device aligning with said second mirror and receiving said second concentrated solar radiation from said second mirror; and converting solar radiation into electricity with a solar cell located substantially in said third region, said solar cell being aligned with said refracting device, and receiving said third concentrated solar radiation from said refracting device. 13. The method of claim 12 further comprising, creating said solar cell with a wafer manufacturing process, aligning said refracting device onto said solar cell during said wafer manufacturing process, wherein said refracting device is created smaller than said solar cell. 14. The method of claim 12, further comprising, attaching said solar cell to a support structure, coupling said support structure to said first mirror, and coupling said refracting optical device to said solar cell. 15. The method of claim 12, wherein said solar cell is coupled to a support structure, and said refracting optical device is coupled to said support structure. 16. The method of claim 12, wherein said refracting optical device is coupled to said first mirror. 17. The method of claim 12, wherein said first and said, second mirrors are coupled to a solid dielectric material forming a solid unit. 18. The method of claim 12, further comprising, creating said refracting optical device using, a liquid material, and curing hard said material to form an immersion lens. 19. The method of claim 17, wherein said refracting optical device is coupled to said solid dielectric material. 20. The method of claim 18, wherein said liquid material is comprised of silicone. 