A system (110) for drying a charge of lumber includes a kiln (112), one or more sensors (114) for sensing the one or more monitored conditions associated with the operation of the kiln (112) when drying the charge of lumber; and a control system (116) for controlling the operation of the kiln (112) and the one or more sensors (114). The control system (116) is responsive to the one or more sensors (114) and is arranged to recognise a predetermined change in the one or more conditions and to control the operation of the kiln (112) by adjusting one or more kiln drying parameters in a manner predetermined by the nature of the change.
Claims 1. A method of controlling a kiln for drying a charge of lumber, the method including: monitoring one or more conditions associated with the operation of the kiln when drying the charge of lumber; and in response to a predetermined change in the one or more monitored conditions, controlling the operation of the kiln by adjusting one or more kiln drying parameters in a manner predetermined by the nature of the change. 2. A method as claimed in claim 1, wherein the one or more monitored conditions include at least one of ambient temperature, ambient humidity, ambient solar radiation, ambient light intensity, ambient wind speed, ambient barometric pressure, kiln temperature, kiln humidity, kiln air circulation speed, moisture content within the charge of lumber, and drying rate of the charge of lumber. 3. A method as claimed in claim 1, wherein the one or more kiln drying parameters include at least one of prescribed kiln temperature, prescribed kiln humidity, prescribed kiln over-temperature limit, prescribed kiln air circulation speed, and prescribed target drying rate. 4. A method as claimed in claim 1, wherein prescribed values for the predetermined change and the one or more kiln drying parameters are represented in one or more tables in which the prescribed values can be stored and from which the prescribed values can be retrieved. 5. A method as claimed in claim 1, wherein the adjusting of the one or more kiln drying parameters includes switching the operation of the kiln between at least two substantially different phases, each phase being controlled by one or more prescribed kiln drying parameters to influence the adsorption and/or absorption of moisture by the charge of lumber. 6. A method as claimed in claim 5, wherein the at least two substantially different phases include at least a first drying phase and at least one of a first equalization phase and a first reconditioning phase, the drying phase being controlled by one or more prescribed kiln drying parameters which promote drying of the charge of lumber, the equalization phase being controlled by one or more prescribed kiln drying parameters which promote reduced drying of and/or increased moisture adsorption by the charge of lumber relative to the drying phase, and the reconditioning phase being controlled by one or more prescribed kiln drying parameters which substantially cease or reverse the drying of the charge of lumber so as to facilitate the redistribution of moisture remaining within the charge of lumber. 7. A method as claimed in claim 1, wherein the kiln is a hybrid kiln operable in at least a solar mode in which the kiln operates to dry the charge of lumber substantially solely with heat generated from solar energy and a heated mode in which the kiln operates to dry the charge of lumber substantially solely with heat generated from means other than solar energy, and the adjusting of the one or more kiln drying parameters includes switching the operation of the kiln between the solar mode and the heated mode. 8. A method as claimed in claim 7, wherein the means other than solar energy is a supplementary heating system, the supplementary heating system including at least one of a gas heating system, a steam heating system and an electrical heating system. 9. A method as claimed in claim 7, wherein the kiln is further operable in a multi-mode in which the kiln operates to dry the charge of lumber with heat generated from solar energy or with heat generated from the means other than solar energy or with a combination of heat generated from solar energy and heat generated from the means other than solar energy, and the adjusting of the one or more kiln drying parameters includes switching the operation of the kiln between the multi-mode and at least one of the solar mode and the heated mode. 10. A method as claimed in claim 1, wherein the one or more kiln drying parameters include prescribed target drying rate, prescribed kiln temperature and prescribed over-temperature limit, the prescribed over-temperature-limit being associated with a temperature at which components associated with the kiln may be harmed or the lumber may experience degrade, the prescribed over-temperature limit temperature not being less than the prescribed kiln temperature, and the method further includes allowing the temperature within the kiln to exceed the prescribed kiln temperature to effect a harsher drying rate within the kiln than the prescribed target drying rate and limiting the kiln temperature to at or below the over-temperature limit. 11. A method as claimed in, claim 1 wherein the one or more kiln parameters include prescribed target drying rate, the one or more monitored conditions include drying rate of the charge of lumber over one or more predetermined time periods, a respective predetermined maximum drying rate is associated with each of the one or more time periods, and the method further includes changing or allowing to change a drying condition within the kiln to effect a harsher drying rate within the kiln than the prescribed target drying rate when the drying rate of the charge of lumber does not exceed the maximum drying rate corresponding to each of the one or more time periods, and changing the kiln drying parameters to slow or reverse the drying of the charge of lumber when the drying rate of the charge of lumber over each of the one or more time periods exceeds the corresponding maximum drying rate. 12. A method as claimed in claim 11, wherein the one or more time periods and the corresponding maximum drying rates are represented in one or more data tables in which the one or more time periods and corresponding maximum drying rates can be stored and from which the one or more time periods and associated maximum drying rates can be retrieved. 13. A method as claimed in, claim 1 wherein the one or more kiln drying parameters include prescribed kiln air circulation speed the one or more monitored conditions include a case moisture content of the charge of lumber, the case moisture content being indicative of the moisture content at or near an outer part of at least one sample section of lumber of the charge, and the method further includes adjusting the operating speed of a fan promoting a drying airflow within the kiln to control the kiln air circulation speed and thereby control the case moisture content of the charge of lumber during drying. 14. A method as claimed in claim 13, wherein the operating speed of the fan is adjusted when switching phases. 15. A method as claimed in claim 1, wherein the one or more monitored conditions include the moisture content within the charge of lumber, and the moisture content within the charge of lumber includes a core moisture content and a case moisture content, the core moisture content being indicative of the moisture content at or near an inner part of at least one sample section of lumber of the charge and the case moisture content being indicative of the moisture content at or near an outer part of at least sample one section of lumber of the charge. 16. A method as claimed in claim 15, wherein the adjusting of the one or more kiln drying parameters is in response to a change in the core moisture content, and the adjusting of the one or more kiln parameters promotes a harsher drying condition within the kiln. 17. A method as claimed in claim 15, wherein the adjusting of the one or more kiln drying parameters is in response to a change in the differential between the core moisture content and the case moisture content, and the adjusting of the one or more kiln drying parameters promotes a reduction in the differential between the core moisture content and the case moisture content. 18. A method as claimed in claim 17, wherein the one or more kiln drying parameters include prescribed kiln humidity and prescribed kiln air circulation speed, and the adjusting of the one or more kiln drying parameters to promote a reduction in the differential between the core moisture content and the case moisture content includes at least one of increasing the prescribed kiln humidity and reducing the prescribed kiln air circulation speed. 19. A system for drying a charge of lumber according to the method claimed in claim 1, the system including: a kiln; one or more sensors for sensing the one or more monitored conditions associated with the operation of the kiln when drying the charge of lumber; and a control system for controlling the operation of the kiln and the one or more sensors, the control system being responsive to the one or more sensors, the control system being arranged to recognize the predetermined change in the one or more conditions and to control the operation of the kiln by adjusting the one or more kiln drying parameters in a manner predetermined by the nature of the change. 20. A system as claimed in claim 19, further including memory associated with the control system, the memory arranged for the storage and retrieval of prescribed values for the predetermined change and the one or more kiln drying parameters by the control system. 21. A system as claimed in claim 19, wherein the control system includes a visual display unit for displaying to a kiln operator at least one of the one or more monitored conditions, the predetermined change and the one or more kiln drying parameters, and an operator input unit by which the kiln operator is able to manually adjust at least one of the predetermined change and the at least one of the one or more kiln drying parameters. 