A space construction method and system transports construction materials, a propellant depot, solar electric propulsion (SEP) vehicles, and robotic equipment from Earth into a lower-Earth orbit. The SEP vehicles are used to transport payload between the lower-Earth orbit and a construction area in higher-Earth orbit, such as GEO. The robotic equipment transfers materials between various vehicles and assembles the transported construction materials in the higher-Earth orbit. A tug SEP vehicle transports heavier construction materials from the propellant depot in lower-Earth orbit to the construction area in higher-Earth orbit. A propulsion stage SEP vehicles transport lighter construction materials from the propellant depot to the construction area. The tug is also transports the fuel-depleted propulsion stages from higher-Earth orbit back to the propellant depot in lower-Earth orbit, where both the tug and the propellant stages are refueled and reloaded for another trip to the construction area in higher-Earth orbit. As additional supplies they are transported from Earth to the propellant depot in lower-Earth orbit.
Claims 1. A system for constructing a structure in space, the system comprising: a. a propellant depot positioned in a lower-Earth orbit; b. one or more propulsion stages each configured to transport cargo from the lower-Earth orbit to a higher-Earth orbit; c. a tug configured to transport hardware between the propellant depot in lower-Earth orbit and the higher-Earth orbit, and to transport one or more propulsion stages less cargo from the higher-Earth orbit to the propellant depot in lower-Earth orbit; and b. a launch vehicle configured to transport the propellant depot, the tug, the hardware, the one or more propulsion stages, and the cargo from Earth to the lower-Earth orbit. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein each propulsion stage is configured to receive fuel from the propellant depot. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein each propulsion stage comprises one or more of a Hall thruster, an ion thruster, a pulsed induction thruster, a Farad and a VASIMR. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein the cargo comprises a plurality of solar arrays. 5. The system of claim 4 wherein the one or more solar arrays are configured to be mounted to the propulsion stage while in the lower-Earth orbit and to be removed from the propulsion stage once in higher-Earth orbit, and each propulsion stage includes solar electric propulsion and is configured to receive solar-based energy from the mounted one or more solar arrays. 6. The system of claim 1 wherein the tug is configured to receive fuel from the propellant depot. 7. The system of claim 1 wherein the hardware comprises a plurality of base structure components. 8. The system of claim 1 wherein the tug includes solar electric propulsion. 9. The system of claim 1 wherein the structure comprises the cargo coupled to the hardware in higher-Earth orbit. 10. A method of constructing a structure in space, the method comprising: a. transporting a propellant depot, a tug, hardware, cargo, and one or more propulsion stages from Earth to a lower-Earth orbit; b. loading the tug with the hardware, transporting the tug including the hardware to a higher-Earth orbit, and removing the hardware from the tug; c. loading each of the one or more propulsion stages with cargo, transporting the one or more propulsion stages to the higher-Earth orbit, and removing the cargo from each of the one or more propulsion stages; and d. coupling one or more of the one or more propulsion stages to the tug and transporting each of the propulsion stages from the higher-Earth orbit to the propellant stage in the lower-Earth orbit. 11. The method of claim 10 wherein the higher-Earth orbit is further from Earth than the lower-Earth orbit. 12. The method of claim 10 wherein the one or more propulsion stages are transported to the hardware in the higher-Earth orbit. 13. The method of claim 10 wherein the hardware comprises a plurality of base structure components. 14. The method of claim 10 wherein the cargo comprises a plurality of solar arrays. 15. The method of claim 14 further comprising mounting one or more solar arrays to each of the propulsion stages. 16. The method of claim 15 further comprising removing the one or more solar arrays mounted to each propulsion stage, and mounting the one or more solar arrays removed from each propulsion stage to the hardware in the higher-Earth orbit. 17. The method of claim 15 wherein the tug and each of the one or more propulsion stages includes solar electric propulsion. 18. The method of claim 15 wherein each propulsion stage receives solar-based energy from the one or more solar arrays while the one or more solar arrays are mounted to the propulsion stage. 19. The method of claim 10 wherein the step of transporting the propellant depot, the tug, the hardware, the cargo, and the one or more propulsion stages, loading the tug with the hardware, transporting the tug to the higher-Earth orbit, removing the hardware from the tug, loading each of the one or more propulsion stages with cargo, transporting the one or more propulsion stages to the higher-Earth orbit, removing the cargo from each of the one or more propulsion stages, coupling one or more of the one or more propulsion stages to the tug, and transporting each of the propulsion stages is performed robotically such that the method of constructing is fully automated. 20. The method of claim 10 further comprising: a. fueling the tug from the propellant depot; and b. fueling each of the one or more propulsion stages from the propellant depot. 21. The method of claim 10 further comprising: a. reloading the tug with additional hardware, transporting the tug including the additional hardware to the higher-Earth orbit, and removing the additional hardware from the tug; b. mounting the additional hardware to the previously transported hardware; c. loading additional cargo into each of the propulsion stages, and transporting the one or more propulsion stages including the additional cargo to the hardware in the higher-Earth orbit; d. removing the additional cargo from each propulsion stage, and mounting the additional cargo removed from each propulsion stage to the hardware or the additional hardware; and e. coupling each of the propulsion stages less the additional cargo to the tug and transporting each of the propulsion stages from the higher-Earth orbit to the propellant stage in lower-Earth orbit. 22. The method of claim 21 further comprising: a. refueling the tug from the propellant depot; and b. refueling each of the plurality of propulsion stages from the propellant depot. 23. The method of claim 21 further comprising periodically transporting additional supplies from Earth to lower-Earth orbit, wherein the additional supplies include additional fuel for the propellant depot, additional hardware, and additional cargo. 24. The method of claim 21 further comprising repeating the steps of reloading the tug, transporting the tug, removing the additional hardware, mounting the additional hardware, loading additional cargo, transporting the one or more propulsion stages, removing the additional cargo, mounting the additional cargo, coupling each of the propulsion stages less the additional cargo to the tug, and transporting each of the propulsion stages from the higher-Earth orbit to the propellant stage in lower-Earth orbit until the structure in higher-Earth orbit is completed. 25. The method of claim 10 wherein lower-Earth orbit comprises an altitude of about 300 km to about 500 km. 26. The method of claim 10 wherein the higher-Earth orbit comprises a Geosynchronous Earth Orbit. 27. The method of claim 10 wherein the propellant depot includes one or more fuel storage tanks, fuel stored in the fuel storage tanks, transfer equipment configured to transfer materials from a launch vehicle to the tug and to each of the propulsion stages, and a power system. 28. The method of claim 10 wherein the fuel comprises one of the group consisting of argon, xenon, ammonia, water, hydrogen and other fuels used in electric propulsion systems. 29. The method of claim 10 wherein the tug includes about 300 kW to more than 1000 kW of electric power. 30. The method of claim 10 wherein the tug is configured to transport up to about 10,000 kg. 31. The method of claim 10 wherein each propulsion stage is configured to transport up to about 1500 kg. 32. The method of claim 10 wherein the tug and each propulsion stage comprises one or more fuel tanks, an electric propulsion thruster system, an attitude control system, a power management system, memory, a power processing system, and a guidance, navigation, and control system. 33. The method of claim 10 wherein each propulsion stage includes about 100 kW to about 500 kW of electric power. 34. The method of claim 10 wherein each propulsion stage comprises one or more of a Hall thruster, an ion thruster, a pulsed induction thruster, a Farad and a VASIMR 35. The method of claim 10 further comprising utilizing a plurality of tugs. 36. The method of claim 10 wherein the structure is a space-based solar power platform. 37. A system for constructing a structure in space, the system comprising: a. a propellant depot configured to store fuel, wherein the propellant depot is positioned in a lower-Earth orbit; b. one or more propulsion stages each configured to receive fuel from the propellant depot and to transport one or more solar arrays from the lower-Earth orbit to a higher-Earth orbit, wherein the one or more solar arrays are configured to be mounted to the propulsion stage while in the lower-Earth orbit and to be removed from the propulsion stage once in higher-Earth orbit, and each propulsion stage includes solar electric propulsion and is configured to receive solar-based energy from the mounted one or more solar arrays; c. a tug configured to receive fuel from the propellant depot, to transport one or more base structure components between the propellant depot in lower-Earth orbit and the higher-Earth orbit, and to transport one or more of the one or more propulsion stages less solar arrays from the higher-Earth orbit to the propellant depot in lower-Earth orbit, wherein the tug includes solar electric propulsion; and b. a launch vehicle configured to transport the propellant depot, the tug, the base structure components, the one or more propulsion stages, and the solar arrays from Earth to the lower-Earth orbit; wherein the structure comprises each base structure component coupled to at least one other base structure component in higher-Earth orbit, and each solar array coupled to at least one base structure component in higher-Earth orbit. 38. The system of claim 37 further comprising one or more robotic devices configured to load and unload the one or more base structure components on and off the tug, to mount and remove the one or more solar arrays on and off each propulsion stage, and to construct the structure in higher-Earth orbit using the base structure components and the solar arrays. 39. The system of claim 37 wherein the propellant depot, the one or more propulsion stages, and the tug are automated. 40. The system of claim 37 further comprising a plurality of tugs. 41. The system of claim 37 further comprising a plurality of launch vehicles. 42. The system of claim 37 wherein the propellant depot, the one or more propulsion stages, the tug, and the launch vehicle are reusable. 43. The system of claim 37 wherein the launch vehicle is configured to transport additional supplies from Earth to lower-Earth orbit, wherein the additional supplies include additional fuel for the propellant depot, additional base structure components, and additional solar arrays. 44. The system of claim 37 wherein the tug and the one or more propulsion stages are configured to be refueled. 45. The system of claim 37 wherein lower-Earth orbit comprises an altitude of about 300 km to about 500 km. 46. The system of claim 37 wherein the higher-Earth orbit comprises a Geosynchronous Earth Orbit. 47. The system of claim 37 wherein the propellant depot includes one or more fuel storage tanks, fuel stored in the propellant storage tanks, transfer equipment configured to transfer materials from a launch vehicle to the tug and to each of the propulsion stages, and a power system. 48. The system of claim 37 wherein the fuel comprises one of the group consisting of argon, xenon, ammonia, water, hydrogen and other fuels used in electric propulsion systems. 49. The system of claim 37 wherein the tug includes about 300 kW to more than 1000 kW of electric power. 50. The system of claim 37 wherein the tug is configured to transport up to about 10,000 kg. 51. The system of claim 37 wherein each propulsion stage is configured to transport up to about 1500 kg. 52. The system of claim 37 wherein the tug and each propulsion stage comprises one or more fuel tanks, an electric propulsion thruster system, an attitude control system, a power management system, memory, a power processing system, and a guidance, navigation, and control system. 53. The system of claim 37 wherein each propulsion stage includes about 100 kW to about 500 kW of electric power. 54. The system of claim 37 wherein each propulsion stage comprises one or more of a Hall thruster, an ion thruster, a pulsed induction thruster, a Farad and a VASIMR 55. The system of claim 37 further comprising a plurality of tugs. 56. The system of claim 37 wherein the structure is a space-based solar power platform. 57. The system of claim 37 wherein each propulsion stage is configured to receive solar-based energy from the one or more solar arrays while the one or more solar arrays are mounted to the propulsion stage. 58. A method of constructing a structure in space, the method comprising: a. transporting a propellant depot, a tug, a plurality of base structure components, and one or more propulsion stages, and a plurality of solar arrays from Earth to a lower-Earth orbit, wherein the tug and each of the plurality of propellant stages includes solar electric propulsion; b. fueling the tug from the propellant depot, loading the tug with one or more base structure components, and transporting the tug including the one or more base structure components to a higher-Earth orbit which is further from Earth than the lower-Earth orbit, and removing the one or more base structure components from the tug; c. fueling each of the one or more propulsion stages from the propellant depot, mounting one or more solar arrays to each of the propellant stages, and transporting the one or more propulsion stages including the mounted solar arrays to the one or more base structure components in the higher-Earth orbit; d. removing the one or more solar arrays mounted to each propulsion stage, and mounting the one or more solar arrays removed from each propulsion stage to the one or more base structure components in the higher-Earth orbit; and e. coupling one or more of the one or more propulsion stages less the solar arrays to the tug and transporting each of the propulsion stages from the higher-Earth orbit to the propellant stage in lower-Earth orbit. 