A power supply system capable of smoothing photovoltaic generation output, and enabling time shift is provided. A power supply system including a DC power supply string in which a storage battery is connected in parallel to a DC power supply; and a DC/AC power conversion device for connecting the DC power supply string to a power system or a load is provided. A switch is connected between the DC power supply and the storage battery, where an output power of the DC power supply or a combined output power of the DC power supply and the storage battery is switched and supplied to the DC/AC power conversion device by the switch. The photovoltaic generation output is thereby smoothed, and time shift is enabled.
Claims 1. A power supply system comprising: a DC power supply string in which a storage battery is connected in parallel to a DC power supply; a DC/AC power conversion device for connecting the DC power supply string to a power system or a load; and a switch, connected between the DC power supply and the storage battery, for switching an output power of the DC power supply or a combined output power of the DC power supply and the storage battery and supplying to the DC/AC power conversion device. 2. The power supply system according to claim 1, wherein the DC power supply is a solar battery, and the DC power supply string is a solar battery string. 3. The power supply system according to claim 2, wherein the storage battery has a charging capacity for storing an output power generated by the solar battery for at least 0.3 hours. 4. The power supply system according to claim 2, wherein the storage battery is set to a voltage range capable of retrieving a power of greater than or equal to 60% and less than or equal to 100% with respect to a maximum power point voltage (Vpmax) output when the solar battery receives a predetermined insolation amount at a predetermined temperature. 5. The power supply system according to claim 2, wherein the solar battery further includes a time monitoring unit, a voltage detecting unit, or a current detecting unit; and the switch is switched when one of the time monitoring unit, the voltage detecting unit, or the current detecting unit satisfies a predetermined condition. 6. The power supply system according to claim 5, wherein the predetermined condition is, i) start output (switch ON) when a detected voltage of the voltage detecting unit or a detected current of the current detecting unit becomes greater than or equal to a predetermined value, or stop output (switch OFF) when becoming smaller than or equal to the predetermined value; ii) start output (switch ON) or stop output (switch OFF) in accordance with a predetermined time of the time monitoring unit; iii) start output (switch ON) or stop output (switch OFF) when the detected voltage of the voltage detecting unit or the detected current of the current detecting unit becomes greater than or equal to the predetermined value and in accordance with the predetermined time of the time monitoring unit; and iv) start output (switch ON) or stop output (switch OFF) when the detected voltage of the voltage detecting unit or the detected current of the current detecting unit becomes smaller than or equal to the predetermined value and in accordance with the predetermined time of the time monitoring unit. 7. A power supply system comprising: a solar battery string in which a storage battery is connected in parallel to a solar battery; a DC/AC power conversion device for connecting the solar battery string to a power system or a load; a battery state detecting unit for detecting a state of the storage battery; an output detecting unit for detecting an output power of the DC/AC power conversion device; and an output control unit for controlling the DC/AC power conversion device based on the state of the storage battery detected by the battery state detecting unit and the output power detected by the output detecting unit. 8. The power supply system according to claim 7, wherein the battery state detecting unit includes one or more of a voltage of the storage battery, a state of charge (SOC), and a rate of change in the state of charge (SOC) per unit time. 9. The power supply system according to claim 7, further comprising a data storage unit or a communication unit for receiving external data, wherein the data storage unit or the communication unit acquires one or more information of past insolation data, average air temperature data, predicted insolation amount or predicted air temperature by weather forecast etc., temperature data of the solar battery, predicted temperature characteristics of the solar battery, and degrading information of the storage battery; and the output control unit controls the DC/AC power conversion device based on the information. 10. The power supply system according to claim 7, wherein the storage battery includes a plurality of storage batteries; and the battery state detecting unit includes a voltage comparison part numbering in the order of high storage battery voltage detected by the battery state detecting unit, a storage battery group generating part for generating a storage battery group in the order of high numbering by the voltage comparison part, and a first start-up control part for controlling the DC/AC power conversion device so that the output power of the DC/AC power conversion device becomes smaller than a total output power permitted from the storage battery group in start-up of the power supply system. 11. The power supply system according to claim 7, wherein the storage battery includes a plurality of storage batteries; and the battery state detecting unit includes an SOC comparison part numbering in the order of large state of charge (SOC) of the storage battery detected by the battery state detecting unit, an SOC storage battery group generating part for generating an SOC storage battery group in the order of large state of charge (SOC) numbered by the SOC comparison part, and a second start-up control part for controlling the DC/AC power conversion device so that the output power of the DC/AC power conversion device becomes smaller than a total output power permitted from the SOC storage battery group in start-up of the power supply system. 12. The power supply system according to claim 7, wherein the solar battery string includes a plurality of (n) solar battery strings, where the number k of the solar battery string satisfying the condition (E1-Ei)/r<.DELTA.Imax is researched, where r is a internal resistance of the storage battery, .DELTA.Imax is a margin from an absolute maximum rating Imax of an output current of the storage battery, .eta. is an efficiency of the DC/AC power conversion device, SB1, SB2, . . . , SBn is each storage battery in time of start-up of the power supply system in the order of high voltage, E1, E2, . . . , En is an electromotive force of each storage battery, and I1, I2, . . . , In is current; and the output power is controlled so that the output P of the DC/AC power conversion device becomes a relational expression P<(E1-r.times.Imax).times.(Imax+I2max+ . . . +Ikmax).times..eta.(Iimax=Imax.times.(Ei-(E1-r.times.Imax))/(EI-r.times.I- max), i=2, 3 . . . , k). 13. The power supply system according to claim 12, wherein the voltage of each storage battery is periodically monitored from the start-up of the power supply system, and an output acceptable value of the DC/AC power conversion device is increased in correspondence to increase in k when the k is increased. 14. The power supply system according to claim 7, wherein the solar battery string includes a charge switch for every storage battery to turn ON the charge switch and charge the storage battery with the solar battery configuring the DC power supply when a charging amount of the storage battery is small in time of solar irradiation. 15. The power supply system according to claim 2, including a plurality of power supply devices in parallel to the power system or the load including the DC power supply string and the DC/AC power conversion device, further comprising a power conversion control unit for controlling the DC/AC power conversion device according to the output power of the DC power supply. 16. The power supply system according to claim 15, further comprising a storage amount detecting means for detecting a storage amount of a storing unit, wherein the power conversion control unit controls the DC/AC power conversion device according to the storage amount detected by the storage amount detecting means. 17. The power supply system according to claim 15, further comprising an output power amount detecting means for detecting an output power amount of the power supply system, wherein the power conversion control unit controls the DC/AC power conversion device according to the output power amount detected by the output power amount detecting means. 18. A power supply system comprising: a plurality of DC power supply strings in which a storage battery is connected in parallel to a DC power supply; a DC/AC power conversion device for connecting the plurality of DC power supply strings to a power system or a load; and a storage battery control unit for controlling the DC/AC power conversion device so that each storage battery voltage becomes substantially the same. 19. The power supply system according to claim 18, further comprising: a storage battery current detecting unit for detecting an output current of each storage battery; wherein the storage battery control unit is controlled so that each storage battery voltage becomes substantially equal by the storage battery current detecting unit. 20. The power supply system according to claim 18, wherein the storage battery control unit performs a control such that each storage battery voltage becomes substantially equal before the DC/AC power conversion device outputs power, at every predetermined time or constant interval, or when the storage battery voltage reaches a predetermined voltage. 21. A control method of a power supply system, the power supply system including a plurality of DC power supply strings in which a storage battery is connected in parallel to a DC power supply, and a DC/AC power conversion device for connecting the plurality of DC power supply strings to a power system or a load; the method comprising the steps of: a first process of controlling a voltage of each storage battery so as to be substantially equal; and a second process of outputting power from the DC/AC power conversion device. 22. The control method of the power supply system according to claim 21, further comprising a third process where when n+1 DC power supply strings are connected and the output of each DC power supply differs, control is made such that the DC/AC power conversion device always requests for the output power of greater than or equal to (I1-Ia)+(I2-Ia)+ . . . (In-Ia) where Ia is a minimum current and I1, I2, . . . In is the current of the remaining DC power supplies of the DC power supplies. 