A system for surrogate control of a space that incurs an ineffective sensor connection with its controller for running environmental conditioning equipment to maintain the space at one or more certain environmental parameters such as temperature. A selection of a surrogate space from which the surrogate control is obtained, may be made by correlation of data over time and specifications of other spaces in a building complex. The surrogate control may be from the controller of the space selected for control of the space having the ineffective sensor connection. The surrogate space may be a construct of one or more spaces. It may be based on a virtual space that combines behaviors of other spaces for a good match. Diagnostics may be effected from information about spaces in the system.
Claims 1. A method for establishing surrogate control, comprising: discovering a lack of connectivity by one or more sensors of a first space with a controller for environmental conditioning equipment for the first space; and selecting a second space to be a surrogate space for the first space; and wherein a controller of the second space is connected to the environmental conditioning equipment or controller for the first space. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the selecting the second space is from a group of spaces according to one or more criteria. 3. The method of claim 2, wherein the one or more criteria comprise a trend log of behavior of an environment of a space. 4. The method of claim 2, wherein the one or more criteria comprise space temperature, airflow, actuator openings, outside air temperature, date and time of day, solar loading, heating/cooling demand, BTU in/out, temperature in air ducts, VAV size, air duct capacity, area and volume of the space, and/or one or more other criteria. 5. The method of claim 4, further comprising correlating one or more criteria of potential second spaces of a group of spaces, with one or more criteria of the first space, for the selecting of the second space to be the surrogate space for the first space. 6. The method of claim 1, further comprising selecting the second space from a group of spaces, according to temperature variation analyses of the spaces. 7. The method of claim 1, further comprising analyzing temperature differentials between the second space selected as a surrogate space and the first space, before and/or after connectivity of sensors of the first space is reestablished, for future selecting a second space to be a surrogate space for the first space. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein a temperature of the first space is to be kept within several degrees F of a temperature of the surrogate space. 9. A method for diagnostics comprising: providing a space having sensors connected to a controller for environmental conditioning equipment having one or more criteria; providing other spaces having sensors connected to a controller for environmental conditioning equipment; comparing one or more criteria of the space with one or more criteria of the other spaces; and noting divergences among one or more criteria of the spaces; and wherein: a divergence of the one or more criteria of one space from the one or more criteria of other spaces is indicative that the one space may have a problem or service need; and a divergence of the one or more criteria of two or more spaces from the one or more criteria of the other spaces is indicative that the two or more spaces have a common problem or service need. 10. The method of claim 9, wherein the one or more criteria comprise space temperature, airflow, actuator openings, outside air temperature, date and time of day, solar loading, heating/cooling demand, BTU in/out, temperature in air ducts, VAV size, air duct capacity, area and volume of the space, and/or one or more other criteria. 11. A surrogate-based controls system comprising: a building comprising two or more spaces; and wherein: a first space of the two or more spaces is associated with at least one other space of the one or more spaces, which is selected as a surrogate for the first space; and a controller of the surrogate is available for connection to an environmental conditioning equipment or controller of the first space, in case of a connectivity discrepancy of one or more sensors with the controller for the first space. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein the surrogate is selected on a basis of a comparing a history of environmental metrics with a history of environmental metrics of the first space. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein the history of environmental metrics comprises that of space temperature, air flow, actuator openings, outside air temperature, solar loading, air duct temperature, date and time of day, cooling/heating demand, BTU going into a space, BTU leaving a space, air duct capacity, VAV size, area and volume of a space, and/or other items. 14. The system of claim 12, further comprising: a processing module connected to a controller of each of at least two of the two or more spaces; and wherein the processor module is for comparing the history of environmental metrics of the first space with histories of environmental metrics of the other of the two or more spaces to determine a space of the other two or more spaces which is most similar or nearly most similar to the first space and thus to be designated as the surrogate for the first space. 15. The system of claim 11, wherein each of at least two of the two or more spaces has at least another space of the two or more spaces to be designated as a surrogate for the respective space. 16. The system of claim 12, wherein: a comparing of histories of environmental metrics of the spaces for designating a space as a surrogate for another space is generally continuous; and a space designated as a surrogate for another space can change from time to time as the history of environmental metrics changes for each of at least two the two or more spaces. 17. A space environmental control system comprising: two or more spaces; and a processor module; and wherein: each of at least two of the two or more spaces comprises: one or more environmental sensors; an environmental conditioner; and a controller connected to the one or more environmental sensors, the environmental conditioner, and the processor module; the processor module is for detecting when a controller receives inadequate or no signals from its respective one or more environmental sensors, recording data from the one or more environmental sensors, correlating data and/or environmental information about each space, and selecting a surrogate space for a certain space having a controller receiving inadequate or no signals from its respective one or more environmental sensors. 18. The system of claim 17, wherein the processor module is for connecting the controller of the surrogate space to the environmental conditioner or controller of the certain space. 19. The system of claim 18, wherein the controller of the surrogate space is for providing environmental control of the certain space according to an environmental setting or settings of the controller for the surrogate space via the environmental conditioner or controller of the certain space. 20. The system of claim 18, wherein the data and/or environmental information comprises space temperature, airflow, actuator openings, outside air temperature, date and time of day, solar loading, heating/cooling demand, BTU in/out, temperature of air ducts, VAV size, air duct capacity, area and volume of the space, and/or one or more other data and/or information. 21. The system of claim 18, wherein the processor module is for correlating data and/or environmental information about each of at least two spaces of the two or more spaces as a rolling historical report over a selected period of time from past to present. 22. The system of claim 18, wherein: the surrogate space is constructed from multiple spaces; and/or the surrogate space is a virtual space which combines certain behaviors of other spaces to achieve a correlation of data and/or environmental information with that of one or more other spaces. 23. The system of claim 18, wherein: the processor module is for continually monitoring one or more surrogates to identify potential service issues; and/or the processor module is for comparing surrogate behavior figures of merit for differing times of the year and solar loading characteristics for determining whether surrogate equipment for providing environmental control or conditioning, such as heating, cooling, outside air, and so forth, are behaving in line with their historic behavior. 24. A method for establishing similar environmental control behaviors, comprising: correlating performance of a first space and a second space; and wherein: the correlating involves one or more factors; the factors comprise energy demand, thermal performance, solar loaded spaces, source of heating, source of cooling, outside air, time of day, date, occupancy pattern, override temperature requests, humidity, and/or other factors; the correlating leads to a figure of merit for establishing a best fit primary surrogate; and the correlating identifies at least one secondary surrogate in the event that the primary surrogate is in a failure mode making sensor data unavailable. 