A plasma vapor deposition system for making multi-junction silicon thin film solar cell modules and panels including a flexible substrate disposed about and removably supported by a dual-walled cylindrical substrate support for axially rotating the flexible substrate about its longitudinal axis, the dual-walled cylindrical substrate support comprising an inner wall spaced apart by an outer wall to define a coaxial cavity, a plasma vapor deposition torch located substantially adjacent to the flexible substrate for depositing at least one thin film material layer on an outer surface of the flexible substrate; and a traversing platform for supporting the rotatable substrate support relative to the plasma vapor deposition torch, the rotatable substrate support being traversed along its longitudinal axis by the traversing platform.
Claims 1. A plasma vapor deposition system for making multi-junction silicon thin film solar cell modules and panels, comprising: a flexible substrate disposed about and removably supported by a rotatable substrate support; and a plasma vapor deposition torch located substantially adjacent to the flexible substrate for depositing at least one thin film material layer on an outer surface of the flexible substrate. 2. The plasma vapor deposition system for making multi-junction silicon thin film solar cell modules and panels of claim 1, wherein the rotatable substrate support is a temperature controlled cylinder. 3. The plasma vapor deposition system for making multi-junction silicon thin film solar cell modules and panels of claim 1, wherein the rotatable substrate support comprises: an outer wall and an inner wall spaced apart from the outer wall, the outer wall and inner wall defining a coaxial compartment; a heating/cooling coil located within the coaxial compartment for providing at least one of heating and cooling to the outer surface of the outer wall. 4. The plasma vapor deposition system for making multi-junction silicon thin film solar cell modules and panels of claim 1, wherein the flexible substrate comprises a sheetlike material capable of withstanding deposition temperatures of the plasma vapor deposition torch. 5. The plasma vapor deposition system for making multi-junction silicon thin film solar cell modules and panels of claim 1, wherein the flexible substrate is selected from stainless steel and high temperature polyimide film. 6. The plasma vapor deposition system for making multi-junction silicon thin film solar cell modules and panels of claim 1, wherein the plasma vapor deposition torch is a inductively coupled plasma torch. 7. A plasma vapor deposition system for making multi-junction silicon thin film solar cell modules and panels, comprising: a flexible substrate disposed about and removably supported by a dual-walled cylindrical substrate support for axially rotating the flexible substrate about its longitudinal axis, the dual-walled cylindrical substrate support comprising an inner wall spaced apart by an outer wall to define a coaxial cavity; a plasma vapor deposition torch located substantially adjacent to the flexible substrate for depositing at least one thin film material layer on an outer surface of the flexible substrate; and a traversing platform for supporting the rotatable substrate support relative to the plasma vapor deposition torch, the rotatable substrate support being traversed along its longitudinal axis by the traversing platform. 8. The plasma vapor deposition system for making multi-junction silicon thin film solar cell modules and panels of claim 7, wherein the dual-walled cylindrical substrate support further comprises: at least one of a heating and cooling element located within the coaxial cavity. 9. The plasma vapor deposition system for making multi-junction silicon thin film solar cell modules and panels of claim 8, wherein the dual-walled cylindrical substrate support further comprises: a controller for controlling the at least one of a heating and cooling element. 10. The plasma vapor deposition system for making multi-junction silicon thin film solar cell modules and panels of claim 7, wherein the dual-walled cylindrical substrate support further comprises: a rotatable connector in fluid communication with the coaxial cavity for transmitting one of a gas and a liquid through the coaxial cavity. 11. The plasma vapor deposition system for making multi-junction silicon thin film solar cell modules and panels of claim 7, wherein the dual-walled cylindrical substrate support has a length of at least 100 centimeters. 12. The plasma vapor deposition system for making multi-junction silicon thin film solar cell modules and panels of claim 7, wherein the dual-walled cylindrical substrate support has a diameter of at least 2 centimeters. 13. The plasma vapor deposition system for making multi-junction silicon thin film solar cell modules and panels of claim 7, wherein the dual-walled cylindrical substrate support has electric coils located within the coaxial cavity. 14. The plasma vapor deposition system for making multi-junction silicon thin film solar cell modules and panels of claim 7, wherein the plasma vapor deposition torch is a inductively coupled plasma torch. 15. A plasma vapor deposition method for making multi-junction silicon thin film solar cell modules and panels, comprising: providing a rotatable substrate support; providing a high frequency induction coupled plasma torch comprising a coil, the induction coupled plasma torch being selected positionable along the surface area of rotatable substrate support; mounting a flexible sheet-like substrate about an outer surface of the rotatable substrate support, the flexible sheet-like substrate substantially taking the shape of the rotatable substrate support; introducing a plasma gas into the high frequency induction coupled plasma torch to form a plasma within the coil; injecting at least one source chemical into the high frequency induction coupled plasma torch; and depositing at least one thin film layer on the outer surface of the sheet-like flexible substrate. 16. The plasma vapor deposition method for making multi-junction silicon thin film solar cell modules and panels of claim 15, further comprising: controlling the temperature of the rotatable substrate support. 17. The plasma vapor deposition method for making multi-junction silicon thin film solar cell modules and panels of claim 15, further comprising: flowing one of a gas and a liquid through the rotatable substrate support to control its temperature. 18. The plasma vapor deposition method for making multi-junction silicon thin film solar cell modules and panels of claim 15, further comprising: traversing the sheet-like flexible substrate back and forth along its longitudinal axis relative to the high frequency induction coupled plasma torch. 19. The plasma vapor deposition method for making multi-junction silicon thin film solar cell modules and panels of claim 15, further comprising: rotating the sheet-like flexible substrate about its longitudinal axis relative to the high frequency induction coupled plasma torch. 20. The plasma vapor deposition method for making multi-junction silicon thin film solar cell modules and panels of claim 15, wherein depositing at least one thin film layer comprises: depositing at least one of a n-type doped silicon layer, a i-type doped silicon layer, and a p-type doped silicon layer on the outer surface of the sheet-like flexible substrate. 21. The plasma vapor deposition method for making multi-junction silicon thin film solar cell modules and panels of claim 15, wherein the at least one source chemicals is selected from the group consisting of SiCl.sub.4, SiHCl.sub.3, SiH.sub.4, SiF.sub.4, and other silicon containing compound. 22. The plasma vapor deposition method for making multi-junction silicon thin film solar cell modules and panels of claim 15, wherein the at least one source chemicals is selected from the group consisting of PH.sub.3 and B.sub.2H.sub.6. 23. The plasma vapor deposition method for making multi-junction silicon thin film solar cell modules and panels of claim 15, wherein the at least one source chemicals is selected from the group consisting of GeH.sub.4, GeCl.sub.4, GeF.sub.4, and other germanium containing compounds. 24. The plasma vapor deposition method for making multi-junction silicon thin film solar cell modules and panels of claim 15, wherein the source chemicals are in a form selected from the group consisting of a gas, vapor, aerosol, small particle, and powder. 25. The plasma vapor deposition method for making multi-junction silicon thin film solar cell modules and panels of claim 15, wherein the depositing at least one thin film layer further comprises: depositing a thin film layer of transparent conductive metal oxide on the outer surface of the sheet-like flexible substrate after the deposition of the at least one thin film layer. 26. The plasma vapor deposition method for making multi-junction silicon thin film solar cell modules and panels of claim 25, wherein the transparent conductive metal oxide is an oxide selected from the group consisting of indium, tin, and zinc. 27. The plasma vapor deposition method for making multi-junction silicon thin film solar cell modules and panels of claim 15, wherein the plasma gas is selected from the group consisting of helium, neon, argon, hydrogen and mixtures thereof. 28. The plasma vapor deposition method for making multi-junction silicon thin film solar cell modules and panels of claim 15, wherein the silicon thin film solar cell modules are selected from the group consisting of p-i-n and n-i-p type layered structures. 29. The plasma vapor deposition method for making multi-junction silicon thin film solar cell modules and panels of claim 15, further comprising: cutting the solar cell modules into smaller portions to be mounted on a substrate for producing a solar cell panel. 