The invention discloses a monitoring system, which includes at least one tag adapted to be associated with an object to be monitored; at least one field station adapted to determine the relative position of the tag(s) relative to the field station(s); and calculation means for calculating the global positioning system coordinates of the object to be monitored when provided with a tag. The system includes at least one base station adapted to communicate with the field station(s) and/or the tag(s). The system includes triangulation mapping means and pre-plotted GPS (Global Positioning System) mapping means to determine the global positioning system coordinates of the object to be monitored. The system is adapted to be used to determine the global position of movable property and/or equipment at any given time from any given place, and to be used to continuously track and/or monitor objects.
Claims 1. A monitoring system, includes (a) at least one tag adapted to be associated with an object to be monitored, the tag having at least one transmitter; (b) at least one field station having at least one receiver, the field station is accorded a fixed location and GPS coordinates and being adapted to determine the relative position of the tag(s) relative to the field station(s) by means of radio location; and (c) calculation means for calculating the global positioning system coordinates of the object to be monitored when provided with a tag. 2. A system as claimed in claim 1, which includes at least one base station adapted to communicate with at least one component selected from the group consisting of the field station(s) and/or the tag(s). 3. A system as claimed in claim 1, which includes triangulation mapping means to determine the global positioning system coordinates of the object to be monitored. 4. A system as claimed in claim 1, which includes pre-plotted GPS (Global Positioning System) mapping means to determine the global positioning system coordinates of the object to be monitored. 5. A system as claimed in claim 1, which is adapted to be used to determine the global position of at least one component selected from the group consisting of movable property and/or equipment at any given time from any given place. 6. A system as claimed in claim 1, which is adapted to be used to monitor and/or control property and/or equipment. 7. A system as claimed in claim 1, which is adapted to be used to continuously track and/or monitor objects. 8. A system as claimed in claim 1, in which the object is capable of moving. 9. A system as claimed in claim 1, which is adapted to be used to control equipment. 10. A system as claimed in claim 1, in which the tag is an intelligent, self-contained electronic device. 11. A system as claimed in claim 1, in which the tag is adapted to be associated and/or fixed to the object to enable monitoring of vital signs of the object. 12. A system as claimed in claim 1, which includes attaching means to attach the tag to livestock. 13. A system as claimed in claim 1, in which the tag contains a GPS module. 14. A system as claimed in claim 13, in which the tag is adapted to send position information acquired from the GPS module to a field station, adapted to relay the position to the base station. 15. A system as claimed in claim 2, in which the base station(s),field station(s) and/or tag(s) is (are) adapted to communicate by means of radio signals, relays information to and from each other and hand-held units. 16. A system as claimed in claim 1, in which the field stations have been surveyed and accorded GPS coordinates. 17. A system as claimed in claim 1, in which the calculation means is adapted to log and evaluate information received from the respective tag(s) and field station(s). 18. A system as claimed in claim 1, which is adapted to provide data to be viewed by approved user(s) globally via the Internet, SMS messaging systems and/or mobile communication devices. 19. A system as claimed in claim 1, in which the object is an animal, live stock, wild life and/or domestic animal. 20. A system as claimed in claim 3, in which the triangulation mapping means is adapted to measure out/map out an area in surveying by means of calculations based in a network of triangles measured from a base line. 21. A system as claimed in claim 1, which includes GPS mapping means adapted to establish a border and which is adapted to notify the base station if such border is breached. 22. A system as claimed in claim 1, which is adapted to provide the global position of an object at any given time from any given place and monitor some of the vital signs of the object. 23. A system as claimed in claim 1, which is adapted to be utilized for at least one of the functions selected from the group comprising (a) an early warning system against theft; (b) determining and/or predicting of grazing patterns; (c) determining the fertility of the animals; (d) tracking of animal migrations/movements; (e) facilitating game viewing; (f) facilitating game hunting; and (g) determining position of an injured, sick or dead animal. 24. A system as claimed in claim 1, which is adapted to activate/deactivate remote property or equipment. 25. A system as claimed in claim 1, which is adapted to respond on remote system events of remote property or equipment. 26. A system as claimed in claim 1, which is adapted to set and/or obtain remote system properties of remote property or equipment. 27. A system as claimed in claim 1, which is adapted to execute methods on remote systems of remote property or equipment. 28. A system as claimed in claim 1, in which the tag is adapted to communicate via a radio frequency (wireless) link. 29. A system as claimed in claim 1, in which the tag is adapted to transmit and receive data. 30. A system as claimed in claim 1, in which the tag is provided with a unique identification number (UID). 31. A system as claimed in claim 1, in which the tag is unique in order to distinguish it from another tag. 32. A system as claimed in claim 1, in which the tag(s) is (are) adapted to monitor and/or control the object. 33. A system as claimed in claim 1, which is adapted to monitor vitals sign of the object. 34. A system as claimed in claim 33, in which the vital signs include at least one sign selected from the group comprising heart rate, breathing, temperature, body fat and the percentage of body fat. 35. A system as claimed in claim 1, which is adapted to provide protection against tampering of the object. 36. A system as claimed in claim 1, which is adapted to monitor any data related to the working of the object. 37. A system as claimed in claim 1, which is adapted to control any function related to the working of the object. 38. A system as claimed in claim 1, in which the tag is self-contained. 39. A system as claimed in claim 1, in which the tag is adapted to be powered by a battery. 40. A system as claimed in claim 1, in which the tag is adapted to communicate with field stations and/or with another tag. 41. A system as claimed in claim 1, in which the field station is a fixed beacon that gathers information from the individual tags via a wireless link. 42. A system as claimed in claim 1, in which the field station is a mobile hand-held unit. 43. A system as claimed in claim 1, in which the field station can be surveyed. 44. A system as claimed in claim 1, in which the field station is (in the case of a mobile unit) provided with a GPS to pin-point its location. 45. A system as claimed in claim 1, in which the field station is adapted to calculate a tags position, relative to themselves, by means of radio direction finding (RDF) and triangulation 46. A system as claimed in claim 1, in which the tag's absolute position is a function of the field station's position and the tag's relative position. 47. A system as claimed in claim 2, in which the field station(s) is (are) adapted to communicate position data of the tag(s) to the base station. 48. A system as claimed in claim 1, in which the field station is self-contained. 49. A system as claimed in claim 1, in which the field station is adapted to be powered by a battery. 50. A system as claimed in claim 1, in which the field station is tamper proof. 51. A system as claimed in any one of the preceding claims, in which the field station is provided with a unique identification number (UID). 52. A system as claimed in claim 1, in which the field station is unique to distinguished itself from another field station. 53. A system as claimed in claim 2, in which the field station is adapted to communicate (wireless link) with a base station, tags and/or with another field station. 54. A system as claimed in claim 1, in which the base station is adapted to gather the tag and field information. 55. A system as claimed in claim 54, in which the information data is recorded into a database for a user to view at any time. 56. A system as claimed in claim 54, which is adapted to allow a user to view and/or study the information by way of graphical user interface (GUI). 57. A system as claimed in claim 2, which is adapted to allow a user to view historical data as well as real time data at the base station or globally via the internet. 58. A system as claimed in claim 1, which is adapted to allow data to be relayed to a user via e-mail or SMS messages. 59. A system as claimed in claim 1, which is adapted to allow a user to query an individual tag for information. 60. A system as claimed in claim 56, in which the GUI is adapted to provide graphical feedback like heart rate over time, temperature over time and position over time. 61. A system as claimed in claim 56, in which the GUI is adapted to run on a Microsoft or Linux operation system. 62. A system as claimed claim 1, which is adapted to be operated by a system approved user(s). 63. A system as claim in claim 1, which is adapted to monitor motion of the object. 64. A system as claimed in claim 39, in which the battery is charged by solar energy. 65. A system as claimed in claim 49, in which the battery is charged by solar energy. 66. A system as claimed in claim 1, which includes a sensor adapted to send out an electrical pulse adapted to be received by the tag, and which pulse is then analyzed to determine the amount of body fat and/or percentage body fat of the object. 67. A system as claimed in claim 66, in which the sensor is located on an ear or other body part of the object. 68. A method for monitoring objects, which includes the steps of (a) providing at least one tag associated with an object to be monitored; (b) providing at least one field station adapted to determine the relative position of the tag(s) relative to the field station(s); and (c) calculating the global positioning system coordinates of the object to be monitored by means of calculating means. 69. (canceled) 70. (canceled) 