A computer processor implemented method of measuring utilized generation of at least one at-premise power system to a consumer, the method comprising the steps of; providing at least one at-premise renewable power system, at least one meter in communication with at least one said at premise renewable power system and at least one wireless communication node in communication with at least one meter; determining usage from each meter, wherein at least one of the meters collects usage data from at least one at-premise renewable power system. A first meter collects data input from a pulse meter to provide primary input, a second meter collects data input from a secondary source meter to provide secondary input and the utilized generation is arrived at by subtracting the secondary input from the primary input.
Claims 1. A system for measuring the power from an at-premise renewable Power System as it is generated at a consumer's premises, said system comprising: at least one at-premise renewable power system, wherein said at-premise renewable power system is at least partially powered by at least one alternate energy source; at least one meter in communication with each said at least one at-premise renewable power system, wherein said at least one meter measures usage by each said at-premise renewable power system; at least one data hub; at least one computer processor implemented data server in communication with each said at least one data hub; at least two communication nodes in communication with each said meter, wherein each said communication node transmits said usage to said at least one data hub, and each said at least on data hub transmits said usage to said at least one server and said at least one computer processor implemented data server calculates the utilized generation of said at-premise renewable power system. 2. A system as in claim 1, wherein said at least one wireless communication node is further comprising a data storage means for storing usage information. 3. A system as in claim 1, further comprising: At least one secondary energy source in communication with and at least partially powering said at least one at-premise renewable power system. 4. A system as in claim 1, wherein said remote location is further comprising a computer processor implemented data server. 5. A system as in claim 1, wherein said at least one meter is selected from the group consisting of pulse meter, temperature meter, electromechincal meter, solid state meter, flow meter, electric meter, energy meter and watt meter. 6. A computer processor implemented method of measuring utilized generation of at least one at-premise power system to a consumer, said method comprising the steps of; providing at least one at-premise renewable power system, at least one meter in communication with at least one said at premise renewable power system and at least one wireless communication node in communication with at least one meter; determining usage from each said at least one meter, wherein at least one of said meters collects usage data from at least one at-premise renewable power system; and determining utilized generation according to usage, temperature, a conversion constant. 7. A method as in claim 6, wherein a first meter collects data input from a pulse meter to provide primary input, a second meter collects data input from a secondary source meter to provide secondary input and said step of determining utilized generation is arrived at by subtracting said secondary input from said primary input. 8. A method as in claim 6, further comprising the step of: calculating an equivalent amount of carbon which would have been created to generate the power utilized for at least one Period to provide a carbon deficit. 9. A method as in claim 6, further comprising the step of: offering to said consumer an offer for carbon credits according to said carbon deficit. 10. A method as in claim 6, wherein said at least one at-premise renewable Power System is selected from the group consisting of solar system, solar panel system, photovoltaic, thermal, wind powered, geothermal, hydropower. 11. A method as in claim 6, further comprising the step of: monitoring said system from a remote location. 12. A method as in claim 6, further comprising the step of: remotely making a change to said at-premise renewable power system according to said consumer's desired consumer monthly payment. 13. A method as in claim 6, further comprising at least one third party owner, wherein said third party owner owns said at least one at-premise renewable Power System and leases said at least one at-premise renewable Power System to said consumer. 14. A method as in claim 6, further comprising at least one third party owner, wherein said third party owner owns said at least one at-premise renewable Power System and leases said at least one at-premise renewable Power System to a third party financer. 15. A method as in claim 6, further comprising the step of: billing said consumer according to said utilized generation. 16. A method as in claim 14, further comprising the step of: Determining if said system is meeting the anticipated generation in said system's payback calculation. 