An example method of establishing a use cycle using container conditions includes monitoring a container condition and adjusting a use cycle of the container or a component held by the container using the container condition.
Claims 1. A method of establishing a use cycle using container conditions, comprising: (a) monitoring at least one container condition; and (b) adjusting a use cycle of the at least the container or a component held by the container based on the at least one container condition. 2. The method of claim 1, including recording the at least one container condition. 3. The method of claim 1, including alerting a user when the at least one container condition is not within a range of container conditions. 4. The method of claim 1, including wirelessly transporting the at least one container condition monitored in said step (a). 5. The method of claim 1, wherein the component comprises a reworked component. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein the component comprises a gas turbine engine component. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein the monitoring step comprises measuring humidity within the container. 8. The method of claim 7, including opening and closing portion of the container based on the measured humidity. 9. The method of claim 1, including transporting the container. 10. The method of claim 1, including storing the container. 11. A component container assembly, comprising: a container for holding a component; and a sensor for monitoring at least one container condition of said container, wherein at least one of said container and said component has a use cycle that is adjustable based on the at least one container condition. 12. The component container of claim 11, wherein said sensor monitors conditions adjacent said container. 13. The component container of claim 11, wherein said sensor monitors conditions within said container. 14. The component container of claim 11, wherein said sensor comprises a photovoltaic sensor. 15. The component container of claim 11, wherein said sensor comprises a microelectromechanical systems sensor. 16. A gas turbine engine component container assembly, comprising: a container for holding a gas turbine engine component; and a sensor for monitoring at least one container condition of said container or the gas turbine engine component. 17. The container assembly of claim 16, wherein said sensor comprises a gage for measuring stress on said gas turbine engine component. 