A method of forming a multijunction solar cell including an upper subcell, a middle subcell, and a lower subcell, the method including: providing a substrate for the epitaxial growth of semiconductor material; forming a first solar subcell on the substrate having a first band gap; forming a second solar subcell over the first solar subcell having a second band gap smaller than the first band gap; forming a barrier layer over the second subcell using a surfactant, preferably a isoelectronic surfactant such as bismuth or antimony; forming a graded interlayer over the barrier layer, the graded interlayer having a third band gap greater than the second band gap; and forming a third solar subcell over the graded interlayer having a fourth band gap smaller than the second band gap such that the third subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to the second subcell.
Claims 1. A method of forming a multijunction solar cell comprising an upper subcell, a middle subcell, and a lower subcell, the method comprising: providing first substrate for the epitaxial growth of semiconductor material; forming a first solar subcell on said substrate having a first band gap; forming a second solar subcell over said first solar subcell having a second band gap smaller than said first band gap; forming a first barrier layer over said second subcell using a surfactant; forming a grading interlayer over said first barrier layer, said grading interlayer having a third band gap greater than said second band gap; and forming a third solar subcell over said grading interlayer having a fourth band gap smaller than said second band gap such that said third subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to said second subcell. 2. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the surfactant is an isoelectronic surfactant. 3. The method as defined in claim 2, wherein the surfactant is selected from the group of Bi and Sb. 4. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein said first barrier layer is composed of any As, P, N, or Sb based III-V compound semiconductors having a bandgap energy greater than or equal to that of the grading interlayer. 5. A method as defined in claim 1, further comprising forming a second barrier layer over said grading interlayer prior to the formation of said third solar subcell. 6. A method as defined in claim 5, wherein said second barrier layer is composed of any As, P, N, or Sb based III-V compound semiconductors having a bandgap energy greater than or equal to that of the grading interlayer. 7. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein said second solar cell is composed of a GaInP, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN emitter region and a GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN base region. 8. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein said grading interlayer is composed of any of the As, P, N, Sb based III-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the second solar cell and less than or equal to that of the third solar cell, and having a band gap energy greater than that of the second solar cell. 9. A method as defined in claim 7, wherein said second solar subcell is composed of an InGaP emitter region and an GaAs base region. 10. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein said grading interlayer is composed of InGaAlAs. 11. A method as defined in claim 1, further comprising attaching a surrogate second substrate over said third solar cell and removing the first substrate. 12. A method of manufacturing a solar cell comprising: providing a first semiconductor substrate; depositing on a first substrate a sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming a solar cell including a barrier layer grown in the presence of a surfactant; mounting a surrogate second substrate on top of the sequence of layers; and removing the first substrate. 13. The method as defined in claim 12, wherein the surfactant is selected from the group of Bi and Sb. 14. The method as defined in claim 12, wherein the sequence of layers of semiconductor material forms a triple junction solar cell, including top, middle and bottom solar subcells. 15. The method as defined in claim 12, wherein the mounting step includes adhering the solar cell to the surrogate substrate. 16. The method as defined in claim 12, wherein the surrogate substrate is selected from the group of sapphire, Ge, GaAs, or silicon. 17. The method as defined in claim 12, wherein the solar cell is bonded to said surrogate substrate by an adhesive. 18. The method as defined in claim 12, wherein the solar cell is eutectically bonded to the surrogate substrate. 19. The method as defined in claim 12, further comprising thinning the surrogate substrate to a predetermined thickness. 20. The method as defined in claim 12, further mounting the solar cell on a support and removing the surrogate substrate. 21. The method as defined in claim 20, wherein the support is a rigid cover glass. 22. A method as defined in claim 14, wherein said middle and bottom subcells are lattice mismatched. 23. A method as defined in claim 22, further comprising depositing graded interlayer over said barrier layer and disposed between said middle and bottom subcells, said interlayer having a band gap greater than the band gap of said middle subcell. 24. A method as defined in claim 23, wherein said graded interlayer is composed of any of the As, P, N, Sb based III-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the middle subcell and less than or equal to that of the bottom subcell. 25. A method as defined in claim 23, wherein the graded interlayer is composed of (In.sub.xGa.sub.1-x).sub.yAl.sub.1-yAs, with x and y selected such that the band gap of the interlayer remains constant at approximately 1.50 eV. 26. A multijunction solar cell comprising: a substrate; a first solar subcell on said substrate having a first band gap; a second solar subcell disposed over said first subcell and having a second band gap smaller than said first band gap; a first barrier layer deposited in the presence of a surfactant disposed over said second subcell for reducing the propagation of threading dislocations; a grading interlayer disposed over said barrier layer and having a third band gap greater than said second band gap; and a third solar subcell disposed over said grading interlayer that is lattice mismatched with respect to said middle subcell and having a fourth band gap smaller than said third band gap. 27. A solar cell as defined in claim 26, wherein said first barrier layer is composed of any As, P, N, or Sb based III-V compound semiconductors having a bandgap energy greater than or equal to that of the grading interlayer. 28. A solar cell as defined in claim 26, further comprising a second barrier layer disposed between said grading interlayer and said third subcell. 29. A solar cell as defined in claim 28, wherein said first and said second barrier layer is deposited in the presence of Bi or Sb surfactant. 30. A solar cell as defined in claim 28, wherein said second barrier layer is composed of any As, P, N, or Sb based III-V compound semiconductors having a bandgap energy greater than or equal to that of the grading interlayer. 31. A solar cell as defined in claim 26, wherein the substrate is selected from the group consisting of germanium or GaAs. 32. A solar cell as defined in claim 26, wherein said first solar subcell is composed of InGa(Al)P. 33. A solar cell as defined in claim 26, wherein said second solar subcell is composed of an GaInP, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN emitter region and an GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN base region. 34. A solar cell as defined in claim 26, wherein said third solar subcell is composed of InGaAs. 