The present invention includes a template, an optoelectronic device and methods for making the same. The optoelectronic device includes a first substrate; a first electrode disposed on the first substrate; a first interdigitating, nano-structured charge-transfer molded material (e.g., a polymer) with a first electron affinity disposed on the first electrode; a second interdigitating, nano-structured charge-transfer material (e.g., single molecules, quantum dots, or particles) with a second electron affinity disposed on the first interdigitating, nano-structured charge-transfer material; a second electrode disposed in the second interdigitating, nano-structured charge-transfer material; and a second substrate disposed on the second electrode.
Claims 1. An optoelectronic device, comprising: a first substrate, wherein the substrate comprises one or more active regions; a first electrode disposed on the first substrate; a first interdigitating, nano-structured charge-transfer molded material comprising a first electron affinity disposed on the first electrode; a second interdigitating, nano-structured charge-transfer material comprising a second electron affinity disposed on the first interdigitating, nano-structured charge-transfer material; a second electrode disposed in the second interdigitating, nano-structured charge-transfer material; and a second substrate disposed on the second electrode. 2. The device of claim 1, wherein the first and second materials comprise an electron-acceptor:hole-acceptor pair. 3. The device of claim 1, wherein the first and second polymers are selected from poly(para-phenylenevinylene) derivatives, such as poly[2-methoxy-5-(2'-ethyl-hexyloxy)-1,4-phenylene vinylene] (MEH-PPV) or (poly-[2-(3,7-dimethyl-octyloxy)-5-methyloxy]-PPV (MDMO-PPV), poly(para-phenylenevinylene) (PPV), PPV copolymers, poly(thiophene) and derivatives, regioregular poly(3-octylthiophene-2,5,-diyl), regiorandom poly(3-octylthiophene-2,5,-diyl), poly (3-hexylthiophene)(P3HT), regioregular poly(3-hexylthiophene-2,5-diyl), regiorandom poly(3-hexylthiophene-2,5-diyl), poly(thienylenevinylene) and derivatives thereof, poly(isothianaphthene) and derivatives thereof, tetra-hydrothiophene precursors and derivatives thereof, organometallic polymers, polymers containing perylene units, poly(squaraines) and their derivatives, discotic liquid crystals, polyfluorenes, polyfluorene copolymers, polyfluorene-based copolymers and blends co-polymerized and/or blended with charge transporting and/or light absorbing compounds, tri-phenyl-amines and derivatives, fused thiophene rings and derivatives, and hetero-atom ring compounds with or without substituents, polymer systems with low bandgap, such as poly[2,6-(4,4-bis-(2-ethylhexyl)-4H-cyclopenta[2,1-b; 3,4-b']-dithiophene)-alt-4,7-(2,1,3-benzothiadiazole)] PCPDTBT, quantum dots such as CdSe, Ag, Au nanoparticles, and C60 derivatives, such as 1-(3-methoxycarbonyl) propyl-1-phenyl [6,6] C61) system (PCBM), a pigment or dye chosen from the group of organic pigments or dyes, azo-dyes having azo chromofores (--N.dbd.N--) linking aromatic groups, phthalocyanines including metal-free phthalocyanine (HPc), perylenes, naphthalocyanines, squaraines, merocyanines and their respective derivatives, poly (silanes), poly(germinates), 2,9-di(pent-3-yl)-anthra[2,1,9-def: 6,5,10-d'e'f'] diisoquinoline-1,3,8,10-tetrone, and 2,9-Bis-(1-hexyl-hept-1-yl)-anthra[2,1,9-def:6,5,10-d'e'f'] diisoquinoline-1,3,8,10-tetrone, metal oxide gels, TiO.sub.2 gel, and combinations thereof. 4. The device of claim 1, wherein at least one of the first and second substrate is optically translucent. 5. The device of claim 1, wherein the first, the second or both the first and second substrate comprise silicon, polysilicon, glass, plastic, or metal. 6. The device of claim 1, wherein the first or the second electrode comprise indium-tin-oxide (ITO) or carbon nanotubes sheets and contact the polymer layer that comprises a hole-transfer layer. 7. The device of claim 1, wherein the first or the second electrode comprise aluminum or a metal and contact the material that comprises the electron-transfer layer. 8. The device of claim 1, wherein the first and second interdigitating nano-structured charge-transfer materials comprise periodic structured nanoposts or nanopores having an average pore diameter of 10-100 nm, or nanogratings comprising a width of 10-100 nm. 9. The device of claim 1, wherein the first and second interdigitating nano-structured charge-transfer materials comprise periodic nanostructures that are separated by 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 10, 15, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100, 150, 200, 250 or 500 nm and incremental variations thereof on center. 10. The device of claim 1, wherein the first and second interdigitating nano-structured charge-transfer material comprise periodic structured nanoposts, nanopores, gratings, etc having an aspect ratio of greater than 1. 11. The device of claim 1, wherein the first and second interdigitating nano-structured charge-transfer materials comprise periodic nanostructures have a height of 1, 2, 5, 7, 10, 10, 20, 40, 50, 75, 100, 250, 500, 1,000, 2,000, 3,000, 4,000 and 5000 nm. 12. The device of claim 1, wherein the first and second interdigitating nano-structured charge-transfer materials are defined further as comprising imprint-induced nano-crystallization polymers which results in higher charge mobility, and higher power output. 13. The device of claim 1, further comprising one or more passivation layers on the first or second substrates opposite the first and second electrodes. 14. The device of claim 1, further comprising one or more extra electron and hole injection material to be used between the nanostructured materials and electrodes to enhance charge transport and collection at electrodes. 15. The device of claim 1, further comprising one or more functional materials selected from PEDOT:PSS/Sorbitol (Poly(3,4-ethylenedioxythiophene) poly(styrenesulfonate) and quantum dots, CdSe particles, Au particles, Ag particles, wherein the functional material is deposited between the interdigitating nanostructured hole and electron transfer materials to enhance light absorption and charge generation. 16. An optoelectronic device, comprising: a first substrate, wherein the substrate comprises one or more active regions; an electrode disposed on the first substrate; a first interdigitating, nano-structured charge-transfer molded materials comprising a first electron affinity disposed on the first electrode, wherein the first nano-structured polymer comprises aligned or stacked molecules or polymer chains; a second interdigitating, nano-structured charge-transfer material comprising a second electron affinity disposed on the first interdigitating, nano-structured charge-transfer polymer, wherein the second nano-structured polymer comprises aligned or stacked molecules or chains; and a second electrode disposed in the second interdigitating, nano-structured charge-transfer material; and a layer disposed on the second electrode. 17. The device of claim 16, wherein at least one of the first and second aligned or stacked polymer chains are further defined as comprising vertical chain aligned polymer nanopillars or gratings. 18. The device of claim 16, wherein at least one of the first and second aligned or stacked polymer chains comprise laterally aligned and vertically stacked ".pi.-chains", .pi. stacking vertically in the pillars or gratings. 19. The device of claim 16, wherein the crystallinity of molded material is greater than the crystallinity of un-molded material. 20. A method of making an optoelectronic device, comprising: nanoimprinting or molding a first interdigitating, nano-structured charge-transfer material with a template mold on a substrate, wherein the substrate comprises one or more active regions, the material comprising a base and one or more nanoposts, nanopores, or nanogratings; depositing a second charge-transfer material layer on the first interdigitating, nano-structured charge-transfer materials to form a electron-acceptor:hole-acceptor polymer pair; and connecting each of the first and second nano-structured charge-transfer material to an electrode, wherein at least one of the electrodes in translucent. 21. The method of claim 20, wherein at least one of the first and second substrate is optically translucent. 22. The method of claim 20, wherein the first and second interdigitating nano-structured charge-transfer materials are defined further as comprising aligned imprint-induced nano-crystallization polymers, resulting in higher charge mobility, and higher power output. 23. The method of claim 20, wherein the one or more functional materials comprise quantum dots. 24. The method of claim 20, wherein the step of forming a first interdigitating, nano-structured charge-transfer polymer with a template mold comprises: coating an template with a silane; and heating, UV treating or pressurizing the charge-transfer material into nanocavities in the template. 25. The method of claim 20, wherein the second charge-transfer material is deposited on an electrode and bonded to the first charge transfer layer with a second nanoimprint process. 26. The method of claim 20, wherein the second charge-transfer material is deposited on a substrate and is interdigitated to the first charge transfer layer in a nanoimprint process. 27. The method of claim 20, wherein the charge-transfer materials comprise increased adhesion and electrical contact of the charge-transfer materials, by modifying the polymer chain ends with functional groups, changing the chemical coating of the particle surfaces, or using one or more solvents that improve material deposition. 28. A method of making a highly-ordered, nanopore template comprising: anodizing a polished anodizable template; dissolving the anodized template to form a pock-marked template; and re-anodizing the pock-marked template, wherein the re-anodized template comprises a plurality of cells that comprise an anodized barrier layer and a pore 29. The method of claim 28, wherein the anodized membrane is released from the template and used a mask to etch into another material forming a derivative nanostructured template. 30. A template made by the method of claim 28. 31. A method of orienting a polymer chain in a polymer by nanoimprinting comprising the steps of: selecting the polymer for nanoimprinting; spreading the polymer as a layer for nanoimprinting; adjusting a temperature of the polymer layer; wherein said temperature is above the glass transition temperature of the selected polymer; adjusting a viscosity of the polymer layer; contacting the polymer layer with a porous template mold, wherein said template mold comprises one or more nano-structures; flowing the polymer into the porous mold; releasing the porous mold from the polymer layer; and monitoring the orientation of the polymer chains by one or more analytical techniques. 32. The method of claim 31, wherein the polymer chain is aligned vertically. 33. The method of claim 31, wherein the 7r stacking of the polymer is aligned vertically. 34. The method of claim 31, wherein the polymer for nanoimprinting is selected from poly(para-phenylenevinylene) derivatives, such as poly[2-methoxy-5-(2'-ethyl-hexyloxy)-1,4-phenylene vinylene] (MEH-PPV) or (poly-[2-(3,7-dimethyl-octyloxy)-5-methyloxy]-PPV (MDMO-PPV), poly(para-phenylenevinylene) (PPV), PPV copolymers, poly(thiophene) and derivatives, regioregular poly(3-octylthiophene-2,5,-diyl), regiorandom poly(3-octylthiophene-2,5,-diyl), poly (3-hexylthiophene)(P3HT), regioregular poly(3-hexylthiophene-2,5-diyl), regiorandom poly(3-hexylthiophene-2,5-diyl), poly(thienylenevinylene) and derivatives thereof, poly(isothianaphthene) and derivatives thereof, tetra-hydrothiophene precursors and derivatives thereof, organometallic polymers, polymers containing perylene units, poly(squaraines) and their derivatives, discotic liquid crystals, polyfluorenes, polyfluorene copolymers, polyfluorene-based copolymers and blends co-polymerized and/or blended with charge transporting and/or light absorbing compounds, tri-phenyl-amines and derivatives, fused thiophene rings and derivatives, and hetero-atom ring compounds with or without substituents, polymer systems with low bandgap, such as poly[2,6-(4,4-bis-(2-ethylhexyl)-4H-cyclopenta[2,1-b; 3,4-b']-dithiophene)-alt-4,7-(2,1,3-benzothiadiazole)] PCPDTBT, quantum dots, and C60 derivatives, such as 1-(3-methoxycarbonyl) propyl-1-phenyl [6,6] C61) system (PCBM), a pigment or dye chosen from the group of organic pigments or dyes, azo-dyes having azo chromofores (--N.dbd.N--) linking aromatic groups, phthalocyanines including metal-free phthalocyanine (HPc), perylenes, naphthalocyanines, squaraines, merocyanines and their respective derivatives, poly (silanes), poly(germinates), 2,9-di(pent-3-yl)-anthra[2,1,9-def: 6,5,10-d'e'f'] diisoquinoline-1,3,8,10-tetrone, and 2,9-Bis-(1-hexyl-hept-1-yl)-anthra[2,1,9-def:6,5,10-d'e'f'] diisoquinoline-1,3,8,10-tetrone and combinations thereof. 35. The method of claim 31, wherein the porous template mold is selected from Si, GaAs, glass, silicon nitride, graphite, SiC, diamond, diamond like carbon, Ni, Cr, Ti, Copper, Pt, SU8, polydimethylsiloxane (PDMS), perfluoropolyether (PFPE), hydrogen silsesquioxane (HSQ), and combinations thereof. 36. The method of claim 31, wherein the mold comprises anodic metal film selected from aluminium, titanium, zinc, magnesium, niobium, or alloys thereof. 37. The method of claim 31, wherein said one or more nano-structures comprise conical, tubular and other morphologies. 38. The method of claim 31, wherein the one or more analytical techniques comprise X-ray diffraction, X-ray scattering, atomic force microscopy, high resolution tunneling electron microscopy, scanning electron microscopy and combinations thereof. 39. The method of claim 31, wherein the oriented polymer is disposed on an electrode. 40. A method of filling a patterned functional layer disposed on a surface with a charge transfer material comprising the steps of: oxidizing a transfer surface; spin-coating the charge transfer material on the oxidized transfer surface; adjusting a temperature of the charge transfer material coated oxidized transfer surface; wherein the temperature of the coated charge transfer material is below the glass transition temperature of the patterned polymer layer disposed on the surface; contacting the coated and oxidized transfer surface with the patterned polymer layer disposed on the surface; applying heat and pressure to a stack, wherein the stack comprises the patterned polymer layer disposed on the surface and the charge transfer material coated oxidized transfer surface; adjusting the temperature of the stack, wherein the temperature is lower than glass transition temperature of the patterned polymer layer disposed on the surface; flowing the charge transfer material from the polymer coated oxidized transfer surface into the patterned polymer layer disposed on the surface; and releasing the oxidized transfer surface from the stack. 41. The method of claim 40, wherein the transfer surface comprises polydimethylsiloxane or other silicon based rubber. 42. The method of claim 40, wherein the surface comprises a substrate or an electrode selected from silicon, polysilicon, glass, plastic, indium-tin-oxide (ITO) or carbon nanotubes or metal. 43. The method of claim 40, wherein the transfer surface is oxidized with an oxygen plasma. 44. The method of claim 40, wherein said method is used to deposit a charge-transfer polymer layer on a first interdigitating nano-structured polymer layer; wherein said deposition is used to fabricate an optoelectronic device or a solar cell. 