A boat motor mailbox, or one that may be structured as a submarine, airplane, locomotive engine, steamboat, or one in which its address illuminated, incorporating a upper container, an integral shaft or other supporting housing, to provide for operativness or illumination of the numbers upon the formed mailbox. In the instance of a boat motor, it may include a motor operative propeller, which may also provide for similar operation to a submarine, steamboat, an airplane, or other configured shapes that are embodied into the structure of the mailbox design. The operating mechanism may receive its electrical energy from solar power, a battery pack, or even hardwired, and which sustains, in the case of the battery, recharging through the use of the solar collecting panel. In the case of the boat motor, it may have an attached spike, at its bottom, that allows for the mail box to be attached into the ground, whether the spike be impaled within the mud, or be cemented by concrete into the ground, for more permanent usage.
Claims 1. A boat motor mailbox design including a housing simulating an outboard motor, having a container provided at its upper end, having an attached door, which when opened, allows for the insertion of delivered mail therein, an integral shaft housing extending downwardly therefrom, incorporating a battery pack, charged from a solar panel operatively associated with the container, a motor, energized from the battery pack, which when initiated, allows for the spinning of a propeller simulating the operations of an outboard motor during usage. 2. A structured mailbox design, that may be structured into the shape and configuration of a boat motor, an airplane, a submarine, a steam boat, or a locomotive, or into other shapes, including a housing simulating one of these structures, having a container provided at its approximate upper end, having an attached door at its frontal portion, which when open, allows for the insertion and delivery of mail therein, integral shaft housing extending downwardly therefrom, and which is provided for mounting or impalement into the ground, one of the integral shaft or the shaped structural container, incorporating a battery pack, charged from a solar panel operatively associated therewith, and further including a motor, energized from either the battery pack or the solar panel, which when energized, allows for the spinning of a propeller, paddle wheel, or other movable means, simulating the operations of the shaped structural design during usage. 3. A mailbox design including a housing at its upper end, a structured support extending downwardly therefrom, said structural support capable of being impaled or embedded within the ground to support the mailbox in its erected configuration, either said container or the structural support incorporating electrical means, for illumination of the mailbox lighting system that displays the address of the residence, to provide for illumination of the lights to display the address during usage. 4. The mailbox design of claim 3 wherein either said container or structural support incorporates a battery, for illumination of the residential address numerals. 5. The mailbox design of claim 4 and including a solar panel, provided upwardly upon the container of the mailbox design, said solar panel provided for either energization of the illuminable address numerals, or for recharging the battery pack provided therein, during usage. 