The invention relates to a device for protecting a photovoltaic plant (1) against rodent bite damage, wherein the photovoltaic plant (1) comprises several components, among them solar cells (2), a control unit (5), an inverter (7), an internal voltage supply means (13) and at least one microcontroller (9) which are interconnected via corresponding lines (3, 6, 8, 11). To provide such a device which offers an optimum protection against damage caused by bites and which entails as little maintenance and installation expenditures as possible, an ultrasonic transmitter (12) is provided for emitting an ultrasonic signal, and the ultrasonic transmitter (12) is connected to a microcontroller (9) of the photovoltaic plant (1) such that the ultrasonic signal emitted is controllable via the photovoltaic plant (1).
Claims 1. A photovoltaic plant (1) comprising a device for protecting this photovoltaic plant (1) against rodent bite damage, wherein the photovoltaic plant (1) comprises several components, among them solar cells (2), a control unit (5), an inverter (7), an internal voltage supply means (13) and at least one microcontroller (9) which are interconnected via corresponding lines (3, 6, 8, 11), wherein an ultrasonic transmitter (12) is provided for emitting an ultrasonic signal, and the ultrasonic transmitter (12) is connected to a microcontroller (9) monitoring the components of the photovoltaic plant (1) such that the ultrasonic signal emitted is controllable in dependence on the microcontroller (9) of the photovoltaic plant (1). 2. The photovoltaic plant (1) according to claim 1, wherein the ultrasonic transmitter (12) is integrated in a component of the photovoltaic plant (1). 3. The photovoltaic plant (1) according to claim 2, wherein the ultrasonic transmitter (12) is integrated in the inverter (7). 4. The photovoltaic plant (1) according to claim 2, wherein the ultrasonic transmitter (12) is integrated in the control unit (5). 5. The photovoltaic plant (1) according to claim 1, wherein the ultrasonic signal is controllable in dependence on the time of day. 6. The photovoltaic plant (1) according to claim 1, wherein the ultrasonic transmitter (12) is connected to the internal voltage supply means (13) of the photovoltaic plant (1). 7. The photovoltaic plant (1) according to claim 1, wherein the ultrasonic transmitter (12) is connected to an internal data bus (11) of the photovoltaic plant (1). 8. The Photovoltaic plant (1) according to claim 1, wherein the ultrasonic transmitter (12) is connected to a remote access of the photovoltaic plant (1). 9. The photovoltaic plant (1) according to claim 8, wherein the ultrasonic transmitter (12) can be configured via the remote access of a component of the photovoltaic plant (1). 10. The photovoltaic plant (1) according to claim 1, wherein a memory (10) is provided, which memory is connected to the microcontroller (9). 11. The photovoltaic plant (1) according to claim 1, wherein a daylight control sensor (20) is provided which is connected to the microcontroller (9). 12. The photovoltaic plant (1) according to claim 1, wherein a microcontroller is arranged in the ultrasonic transmitter (12). 13. The photovoltaic plant (1) according to claim 1, wherein the ultrasonic transmitter (12) emits a non-repetitive ultrasonic signal which randomly varies with regard to its parameters frequency, volume and/or on-time, or pause, respectively, the parameters of the ultrasonic signal being adjustable via the microcontroller (9) of the photovoltaic plant (1). 14. The photovoltaic plant (1) according to claim 1, wherein the supply of the components of the photovoltaic plant (1) via a data bus preferably is effected with an alternating voltage. 