A hydroponic growing system utilizes a single air pump to pressurize a sealed nutrient container, where a water-based nutrient fluid is initially forced up a nutrient coupling to a hydroponic planter growing bed. After the nutrient fluid from the sealed nutrient container falls below an input of the nutrient coupling, air from the air pump continues to bubble up through the fluid coupling, thereby oxygenating both the nutrient fluid and the more highly elevated hydroponic planter growing bed. After a controlled frequency and duration of air pump activation, the air pump is deactivated, whereupon the nutrient fluid drains back to the lower elevation sealed nutrient container by gravity. A small orifice acts to depressurize the otherwise sealed nutrient container, allowing the return of the nutrient fluid. The extremely modest energy requirements of the system easily allow off-grid operation using photovoltaic cells charging rechargeable batteries that power the system.
Claims 1. A hydroponic growing system, comprising: a hydroponic planter; and means for pumping a nutrient fluid to the hydroponic planter. 2. The hydroponic growing system of claim 1, wherein the means for pumping comprises: a sealed nutrient container that contains at least some of the nutrient fluid; a fluid coupling disposed between the hydroponic planter and the sealed nutrient container; and an air pump fluidly coupled to the sealed nutrient container through an air coupling, whereby the sealed nutrient container nutrient fluid becomes pressurized upon activation of the air pump; wherein the pressurized nutrient fluid is initially forced through the fluid coupling to the hydroponic planter. 3. The hydroponic growing system of claim 2, wherein the air pump is the only pump present. 4. The hydroponic growing system of claim 2, wherein air is forced through the fluid coupling to the hydroponic planter after the nutrient fluid has reached a sufficiently low level in the sealed nutrient container, thereafter oxygenating the nutrient fluid in the hydroponic planter. 5. The hydroponic growing system of claim 4, further comprising a timer that controls a frequency and duration of activation of the air pump. 6. The hydroponic growing system of claim 5, further comprising a battery that supplies power to the timer and air pump. 7. The hydroponic growing system of claim 6, further comprising: a photovoltaic panel connected to the battery; wherein the battery is recharged upon a sufficient light flux incident upon the photovoltaic panel. 8. The hydroponic growing system of claim 7, further comprising: a recharger capable of connecting to a local alternating current power system; wherein the recharger is capable of recharging the battery. 9. The hydroponic growing system of claim 6, further comprising: an inverter disposed between the battery and the air pump; wherein the inverter converts the battery direct current (DC) into alternating current (AC) suitable for the air pump. 10. The hydroponic growing system of claim 2, wherein the sealed nutrient container is disposed at a lower elevation than the hydroponic planter. 11. The hydroponic growing system of claim 2, wherein the nutrient fluid returns from the hydroponic planter to the sealed nutrient container through the fluid coupling when the sealed nutrient container supply fluid is no longer pressurized. 12. A method of supplying a nutrient fluid and air to a hydroponic planter, comprising: providing a container with a nutrient fluid therein; coupling the container to a hydroponic planter with a fluid coupling; pressurizing the container with air to initially force the nutrient fluid through the fluid coupling to the hydroponic planter; after at least some of the nutrient fluid has been forced to the hydroponic planter, forcing air through the fluid coupling to the hydroponic planter; and after a period of time wherein air is forced to the hydroponic planter, depressurizing the container to allow excess nutrient fluid previously forced to the hydroponic planter to return to the container through the fluid coupling. 13. The method of claim 12, further comprising controlling a frequency and duration of the pressurizing step with a timer. 14. The method of claim 12, wherein at least some of the nutrient fluid previously forced to the hydroponic planter returns to the container under the force of gravity. 15. The method of claim 12, further comprising pressuring the container with a single electrically powered air pump. 16. The method of claim 15, further comprising powering the air pump with a rechargeable battery selected from a group of rechargeable batteries consisting of a flooded lead acid battery, a gel-cell battery, an absorbed glass mat (AGM) battery, a Ni-Cad battery, a nickel-metal-hydride (NiMH) battery, and a rechargeable alkaline battery. 17. The method of claim 16, further comprising recharging the rechargeable battery with a photovoltaic cell. 18. The method of claim 12, further comprising pressurizing the container with an air pump powered by a power source selected from a group of power sources consisting of direct current (DC) electricity, alternating current (AC) electricity, a mechanical displacement, and a mechanical rotation. 19. The method of claim 12, further comprising depressurizing the container with an orifice exposed to the pressurization therein and to an external ambient pressure. 20. The method of claim 12, further comprising depressurizing the container by allowing pressurized air within the container to return through an orifice disposed on the fluid coupling. 21. An integrated hydroponic aeration system, comprising: an integrated assembly, comprising: an air pump chamber that houses an air pump; a sealed nutrient container that may hold a nutrient fluid, wherein the sealed nutrient container may be selectively pressurized by the air pump; and a hydroponic planter fluidly connected to the sealed nutrient container by a nutrient coupling. 22. The integrated hydroponic aeration system of claim 21, wherein, within the integrated assembly, the hydroponic planter is disposed at a higher elevation than the sealed nutrient container. 