A solar powered aerial vehicle includes an elongated airframe incorporating lifting and control surfaces, a mechanism for propelling the airframe through the air such that lift developed by the lifting surface is equal to or greater than the weight of the aerial vehicle, a planar solar sail coupled to the airframe and having at least one surface adapted to collect solar energy during the day and to power the propelling mechanism with a first portion of the energy collected, and an apparatus such as a fuel cell/electrolyzer for storing a second portion of the solar energy collected by the solar sail during the day and for powering the propelling mechanism with the second portion of energy during the night. The vehicle is capable of continuous operation at northern latitudes and during the winter months for extended periods without landing or refueling.
Claims 1. A solar powered aerial vehicle, comprising: an elongated airframe incorporating lifting and control surfaces; a mechanism for propelling the airframe through the air such that lift developed by the lifting surface is equal to or greater than the weight of the vehicle; a planar solar sail coupled to the airframe and having at least one surface adapted to collect solar energy during the day and to power the propelling mechanism with a first portion of the energy collected; and, an apparatus for storing a second portion of the solar energy collected by the solar sail during the day and for powering the propelling mechanism with the stored second portion of energy during the night. 2. The aerial vehicle of claim 1, wherein the solar sail comprises a flat panel fixed to the airframe and lying in the sagittal plane thereof, the panel having solar cells mounted on opposite sides thereof. 3. The aerial vehicle of claim 1, wherein the solar sail comprises a flat panel rotatably coupled to the airframe and lying in plane passing through a long axis thereof, the panel having solar cells mounted on one side thereof and being arranged to rotate about the long axis of the airframe such that the side of the panel mounting the solar cells continuously tracks the elevation of the sun during the day. 4. The aerial vehicle of claim 3, wherein the solar sail is arranged to rotate through an angle of at least about 180 degrees. 5. The aerial vehicle of claim 1, further comprising an X-tail having two laterally extending surfaces disposed perpendicular to each other and coupled to an aft end of the airframe, one of the two surfaces having solar cells mounted on one side thereof, and wherein the X-tail is arranged to rotate about a long axis of the airframe such that the side of the one surface mounting the solar cells continuously tracks the elevation of the sun during the day, and such that the X-tail provides yaw and pitch control and stability to the aerial vehicle during flight. 6. The aerial vehicle of claim 5, wherein the X-tail is arranged to rotate through an angle of at least about 180 degrees. 7. The aerial vehicle of claim 1, wherein the lifting surface comprises a high aspect ratio wing having solar cells mounted on an upper surface thereof. 8. The aerial vehicle of claim 1, wherein the energy storage apparatus comprises a rechargeable battery or a Solid Oxide Fuel Cell (SOFC) and electrolyzer. 9. The aerial vehicle of claim 1, further comprising a payload and control housing disposed at a nose end of the airframe. 10. The aerial vehicle of claim 1, wherein the vehicle comprises an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV). 11. An apparatus for increasing the amount of solar power collected by a solar powered aerial vehicle, comprising: a planar solar sail adapted to be coupled to a fuselage of the vehicle in a plane extending through the roll axis thereof and having at least one surface adapted to collect additional solar energy during the day. 12. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein the solar sail comprises a flat panel fixed to the fuselage and lying in the sagittal plane of the vehicle, the panel having solar cells mounted on opposite sides thereof. 13. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein the solar sail comprises a flat panel coupled to the fuselage for rotation about the roll axis of the vehicle, the panel having solar cells mounted on one side thereof and being arranged to rotate about the roll axis of the vehicle such that the side of the panel mounting the solar cells continuously tracks the elevation of the sun during the day. 14. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein the solar sail is capable of rotating through an angle of at least about 180 degrees. 15. The apparatus of claim 11, further comprising an X-tail having two laterally extending aerodynamic surfaces disposed perpendicular to each other and rotatably coupled to an aft end of the fuselage, one of the two surfaces having a solar cell mounted on one side thereof, wherein the X-tail is arranged to rotate about the roll axis of the vehicle such that the side of the one surface mounting the solar cell continuously tracks the elevation of the sun during the day. 16. The apparatus of claim 15, wherein the X-tail is capable of rotating through an angle of at least about 180 degrees. 17. A method of powering a unmanned solar powered aerial vehicle (USPAV) continuously at high latitudes and during the winter months, the method comprising: coupling a flat panel to a fuselage of the USPAV for rotation about a roll axis thereof, the panel lying in plane passing through the roll axis of the USPAV and having solar cells mounted on one side thereof; rotating the panel about the roll axis of the USPAV such that the side of the panel mounting the solar cells continuously tracks the elevation of the sun during the day and the solar cells collect solar energy therefrom; using a first portion of the energy collected to power the USPAV during the day; storing a second portion of the energy collected; and, using the stored second portion of energy to power the USPAV during the night. 18. The method of claim 17, further comprising: coupling two perpendicular, laterally extending aerodynamic surfaces to a tail end of the fuselage for rotation about the roll axis thereof, one of the two surfaces having solar cells mounted on one side thereof; rotating the two surfaces about a roll axis of the vehicle such that the side of the one surface mounting the solar cells continuously tracks the elevation of the sun during the day and the solar cells collect solar energy therefrom. using a first portion of the energy collected to power the USPAV during the day; storing a second portion of the energy collected; using the stored second portion of energy to power the USPAV during the night, and, controlling the pitch and yaw of the USPAV with the two surfaces. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein storing a second portion of the energy collected comprises making hydrogen in an electrolyzer. 20. The method of claim 19, wherein using the stored second portion of energy comprises generating electricity from the hydrogen and air in a fuel cell. 