An apparatus for providing phase rotation for a three-phase AC circuit. The apparatus comprises three phase input terminals and three phase output terminals, where a first phase input terminal is coupled with a third phase output terminal; a second phase input terminal is coupled with a first phase output terminal; and a third phase input terminal is coupled with a second phase output terminal.
Claims 1. An apparatus for providing phase rotation for a three-phase AC circuit comprising: three phase input terminals comprising a first phase input terminal, a second phase input terminal, and a third phase input terminal; three phase output terminals comprising a first phase output terminal, a second phase output terminal, and a third phase output terminal; a first conductor coupling the first phase input terminal to the third phase output terminal; a second conductor coupling the second phase input terminal to the first phase output terminal; a third conductor coupling the third phase input terminal to the second phase output terminal. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a DC to AC inverter coupled to at least one of the first, second, or third conductors. 3. The apparatus of claim 2 further comprising a photovoltaic (PV) module coupled to the DC to AC inverter. 4. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a neutral conductor coupling a neutral input terminal to a neutral output terminal. 5. The apparatus of claim 4 further comprising a DC to AC inverter coupled to at least one of the first, second, or third conductors and the neutral conductor. 6. The apparatus of claim 5 further comprising a PV module coupled to the DC to AC inverter. 7. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising at least three phase rotation circuits, where: a first phase rotation circuit has three phase output terminals coupled to three phase input terminals of a second phase rotation circuit; a second phase rotation circuit has three phase output terminals coupled to three phase input terminals of a third phase rotation circuit; and a third phase rotation circuit has three phase output terminals coupled to either three phase input terminals of another first phase rotation circuit or to a commercial power grid. 8. The apparatus of claim 7 further comprising at least three DC to AC inverters, where each individual DC to AC inverter in the at least three DC to AC inverters is coupled to at least one of the first, second, or third conductors of an individual phase rotation circuit of the at least three phase rotation circuits. 9. The apparatus of claim 8 further comprising at least three PV modules, where each individual PV module in the at least three PV modules is coupled to an individual DC to AC inverter in the at least three DC to AC inverters. 10. The apparatus of claim 9 where a total number of the phase rotation circuits in the at least three phase rotation circuits is a multiple of three. 11. The apparatus of claim 10 where the coupling to the commercial power grid includes a three-phase circuit breaker. 12. The apparatus of claim 4 further comprising at least three phase rotation circuits, where: a first phase rotation circuit has three phase output terminals coupled to three phase input terminals of a second phase rotation circuit and neutral output terminal coupled to neutral input terminal of the second phase rotations circuit; a second phase rotation circuit has three phase output terminals coupled to three phase input terminals of a third phase rotation circuit and neutral output terminal coupled to neutral input terminal of the third phase rotation circuit; and a third phase rotation circuit has three phase output terminals coupled to either three phase input terminals of another first phase rotation circuit or to a commercial power grid, and neutral output terminal coupled to either neutral input terminal of the other first phase rotation circuit or to the commercial power grid. 13. The apparatus of claim 12 further comprising at least three DC to AC inverters, where each individual DC to AC inverter in the at least three DC to AC inverters is coupled to at least one of the first, second, or third conductors of an individual phase rotation circuit of the at least three phase rotation circuits. 14. The apparatus of claim 13 further comprising at least three PV modules, where each individual PV module in the at least three PV modules is coupled to an individual DC to AC inverter in the at least three DC to AC inverters. 15. The apparatus of claim 14 where a total number of the phase rotation circuits in the at least three phase rotation circuits is a multiple of three. 16. The apparatus of claim 15 where the coupling to the commercial power grid includes a three-phase circuit breaker. 