On an inverter for feeding power of a direct voltage source, in particular of a photovoltaic generator (PVG), into an alternating voltage mains (N), with an asymmetrically clocked bridge circuit with at least two first switches (S1, S2) clocked at mains frequency and with at least two second switches (S3, S4) clocked at a higher clock frequency, the efficiency is intended to be improved at low cost. This is achieved in that slow speed switches (S1, S2) of equal temperature stability are utilized for the mains frequency and that fast speed switches (S3, S4) with steeper switching slopes and higher temperature stability are utilized for the higher clock frequency, the fast speed switches (S3, S4) being locally separated from the slow speed switches (S1, S2).
Claims 1. An inverter for feeding power of a direct voltage source, in particular of a photovoltaic generator (PVG), into an alternating voltage mains (N), with an asymmetrically clocked bridge circuit with at least two first switches (S1, S2) clocked at mains frequency and with at least two second switches (S3, S4) clocked at a higher clock frequency, wherein slow speed switches (S1, S2) of equal temperature stability are utilized for the mains frequency and that fast speed switches (S3, S4) with steeper switching slopes and higher temperature stability are utilized for the higher clock frequency, the fast speed switches (S3, S4) being locally separated from the slow speed switches (S1, S2). 2. The inverter as set forth in claim 1, wherein the slow speed switches (S1, S2) are arranged in a first component assembly whilst the fast speed switches (S3, S4) are disposed in a second component assembly so as to be locally separated. 3. The inverter as set forth in claim 1, wherein cooling elements (K1, K2) on which the switches are mounted are respectively provided for the fast speed switches (S3, S4) and for the slow speed switches (S1, S2). 4. The inverter as set forth in claim 1, wherein the switches are integrated in at least one or several semiconductor modules (H). 5. The inverter as set forth in claim 4, wherein the switches S1 through S4 and the diodes D1 and D2 are configured as chips inside a module (H). 6. The inverter as set forth in claim 1, wherein at least one additional supporting capacitor (Cs) is connected close to the fast speed switches (S3, S4). 7. The inverter as set forth in claim 1, wherein the fast speed switches (S3, S4) are configured to be SiC component parts. 8. The inverter as set forth in claim 7, wherein the fast speed switches (S3, S4) are configured to be SiC-FETs. 9. The inverter as set forth in claim 1, wherein the slow speed switches (S 1, S2) are configured to be Si component parts. 10. The inverter as set forth in claim 9, wherein the slow speed switches (S1, S2) are configured to be MOSFETs or IGBTs. 