The present invention provides a bio memory disc where a lab-on-a-chip process system including an assay-diagnosis unit, a nucleic acid hybridization assay unit, or an immuno-assay unit and a semiconductor memory is disposed, a bio memory disc drive apparatus including a controller for controlling and driving an optical disc including CD or DVD and the bio memory disc and an assay method using the same.
Claims 1-25. (canceled) 26. A bio memory disc comprising a lab-on-a-chip process system is further integrated on the disc, wherein the lab-on-a-chip process system includes: a sample inlet; a chamber for containing a buffer solution or a reaction solution; an assay site where bio materials are fixed on a substrate; a channel through which a fluid flows between the chamber and the assay site; a fluid hole for connecting the channel; and a valve for opening and closing the fluid hole, and wherein the valve is constructed with a thin-film cylindrical magnet disposed at the fluid hole, a thin-film permanent magnet disposed over the thin-film cylindrical magnet, and a movable permanent magnet disposed under the thin-film cylindrical magnet. 27. The bio memory disc according to claim 26, further comprising an induction coil disposed on the bio memory disc for receiving an external power, wherein the external power is supplied by a current induced through electromagnetic induction between an external magnetic field generating coil and the induction coil. 28. The bio memory according to claim 26, further comprising an induction coil disposed on the bio memory disc for receiving an external power, wherein the external power is supplied by a current induced through electromagnetic induction between at least one external permanent magnet and the induction coil during a high-speed rotation of the bio memory disc. 29. The bio memory disc according to claim 26, further comprising a solar cell disposed on the bio memory disc for receiving an external power. 30. The bio memory disc according to claim 26, further comprising an ABS (auto balancing system) chamber for containing a liquid material and/or steel balls so as to compensate for warbling generated due to an eccentricity of the bio memory disc during rotation of the bio memory disc. 31. bio memory disc according to claim 26, further comprising a dehumidification chamber or an humidity sensing chamber. 32-67. (canceled) 68. The bio memory disc according to claim 26, wherein the chamber further includes a mixer chamber for mixing liquid materials in the chamber wherein the chamber further includes a mixer chamber for mixing liquid materials in the chamber, wherein the mixer chamber includes: magnetic micro beads which are inserted or contained in the mixer chamber; and a magnet which is disposed at an upper or lower portion of the Mixer chamber to exert an attractive force on the magnetic micro bead, wherein a speedy motion of the magnet induces a motion of the magnetic micro beads in the mixer chamber, so that the liquid material can be mixed; or magnetic micro beads which are inserted or contained in the mixer chamber; and a magnet which is disposed at an upper or lower portion of the Mixer chamber to exert an attractive force on the magnetic micro bead, wherein, in a state that the magnet is not moved, a rotation of the bio memory disc or a repetition of forward and inverse rotations of the bio memory disc induces a motion of the magnetic micro beads in the mixer chamber due to an attractive force of the magnet, so that the liquid material can be mixed. 69-105. (canceled) 106. The bio memory disc according to claim 26, wherein all the valves of the bio memory disc are closed by attractive forces between the thin-film cylindrical magnets and the thin-film permanent magnets disposed over the thin-film cylindrical magnets during a longtime delivery or storage period or a unused period. 107-109. (canceled) 110. The bio memory disc according to claim 26, wherein the chamber further includes a trash chamber constructed by combining a series of chambers which consist of a large chamber cap and a small chamber gap. 111-146. (canceled) 147. The bio memory disc according to claim 26, wherein the substrate of the assay site is constructed with a strip or a porous membrane. 148-155. (canceled) 156. The bio memory disc according to claim 26, wherein the substrate layer of the assay site is constructed with at least one test line, at least one reference line, and at least one control line. 157-174. (canceled) 175. A bio memory disc drive apparatus comprising: the bio memory disc according to claim 26; a spindle motor for rotating the bio memory disc; a slider on which a movable permanent magnet and at least one detecting unit for reading out the assay site are mounted, wherein the detecting unit is selected from an optical measurement unit, a image sensor unit, a electro-chemical measurement unit, a impedance measuring unit, a bio pit detecting unit, a fluorescence detecting unit, a radioactivity detecting unit, a SPR detecting unit, and a QCM (quartz crystal microbalance); a slider motor for controlling movement of the slider; a central controller; and a body for supporting the bio memory disc drive apparatus. 176-178. (canceled) 179. The bio memory disc drive apparatus according to claim 175, further comprising a memory IC card slot used for inserting the memory IC card into the bio memory disc drive apparatus. 180-211. (canceled) 212. The bio memory disc drive apparatus according to claim 175, further comprising a light source including a glow lamp, a laser generating unit, or a heating means used for adjusting DNA amplification or a enzyme mechanism in the chamber. 213. The bio memory disc drive apparatus according to claim 175, wherein the spindle motor further performs a rotation cooling operation where the bio memory disc is rotated at a high speed to cool the chamber of the bio memory disc so as to adjust DNA amplification or a enzyme mechanism. 214-248. (canceled) 249. An assay method using the bio memory disc drive apparatus according to claim 175, comprising: loading the bio memory disc on the bio memory disc drive apparatus; reading out the product ID of the bio memory disc; driving the bio memory disc according to a control protocol corresponding to the read product ID; assaying the assay site by using position information and array information of the assay site according to the product ID if the read product ID is of a bio disc; displaying a result of diagnosis and assay of the assay site. 250. The assay method according to claim 249, further comprising a step of analyzing an image of the assay site obtained after the reaction of the capture probe and the sample, performing determination of a negative or positive reactivity, presence of potential risk group, or outputting a analysis result based on a value thereof according to the strength of the binding reaction. 251-252. (canceled) 253. The assay method according to claim 249, further comprising a step of: if an optical disc including CD and DVD is loaded on the bio memory disc drive apparatus, reproducing or reading the optical disc by using the optical pickup device. 254. The assay method according to claim 249, further comprising a messenger step of periodically informing a user of a time of periodic test or diagnosis through an e-mail, a telephone, or a window on a monitor of the personal computer, or a mobile phone so as to easily perform follow-up management. 255. The assay method according to claim 249, further comprising a visiting service step, wherein a bio memory disc associated person periodically visits a user of the bio memory disc to inform the user of a time of periodic test or diagnosis or to provide a diagnostic or medical advice so as to easily perform follow-up management. 256. The assay method according to claim 255, wherein the visiting service step comprises a service step of taking away or collecting a used bio memory disc. 257. An assay method using the bio memory disc drive apparatus according to claim 175, comprising: a preparation step of preparing a DNA sample from blood, a cell, or an RNA; a DNA amplification step of amplifying the prepared DNA sample; a hybridization step of performing a hybridization reaction of a DNA obtained by the DNA amplification with capture probes arrayed on the assay site (hybridization chamber); and an assay site reading step of reading the assay site by using an optical measurement unit, an electro-chemical measurement unit, an impedance measuring unit, an image sensor unit, a bio pit detecting unit, a fluorescence detecting unit, a radioactivity detecting unit, a QCM detecting unit, or an SPR detecting unit. 258. An assay method using the bio memory disc drive apparatus according to claim 212, comprising: separating a DNA or an RNA from blood or a cell; amplifying the DNA; performing a hybridization reaction of the DNA in a hybridization chamber; and transferring a washing solution to the hybridization chamber and washing the hybridization chamber with the washing solution. 259. The assay method according to claim 258, wherein, in the separating of the DNA or the RNA, after a chemical process using a lysis buffer, the bio memory disc is rotated at a high speed, so that the DNA or the RNA is separated from the sample by using centrifugal separation. 260. The assay method according to claim 257, further comprising a labeling step of labeling the DNA with a label. 261. (canceled) 262. The assay method according to claim 257, wherein, in the DNA amplification step, the DNA is amplified by heating and cooling the bio memory disc through a high speed rotation and the heating means or through repeating the heating and cooling. 263. An assay method using the bio memory disc drive apparatus according to claim 175, comprising: separating serum (plasma) or antigen from through a centrifugal separation by rotating the bio memory disc at a high speed; transferring the antigen to an assay site (a Ag-Ab reaction chamber); performing incubation so as to activate an Ag-Ab reaction of the antigen with a capture probe (an immuno probe); transferring a washing solution to the assay chamber and washing the assay chamber with the washing solution; and reading the assay site by using an optical measurement unit, an electro-chemical measurement unit, an impedance measuring unit, an image sensor unit, a bio pit detecting unit, a fluorescence detecting unit, a radioactivity detecting unit, a QCM detecting unit, or an SPR detecting unit. 264. An assay method using the bio memory disc drive apparatus according to claim 175, comprising: separating serum (plasma) or antigen from through a centrifugal separation by rotating the bio memory disc at a high speed; reacting the antigen with a label and performing incubation so as to form a label-Ag complex; transferring the label-Ag complex to an assay site (an Ag-Ab reaction chamber); performing incubation so as to activate an Ag-Ab reaction of the label-Ag complex with a capture probe (an immuno probe); and transferring a washing solution to the assay chamber and washing the assay chamber with the washing solution. 265-272. (canceled) 273. An assay method using the bio memory disc drive apparatus according to claim 175, comprising: sampling blood through a blood sampling tool by a user of the bio memory disc and injecting the blood into a preparation chamber through a sample inlet to store the blood in the preparation chamber; loading the bio memory disc on the bio memory disc drive apparatus and separating serum (or plasma) and blood clot from the blood in the preparation chamber by rotating the bio memory disc at a high speed through centrifugal separation; opening a valve to transfer the separated serum (or plasma) to a buffer chamber and diluting the serum (or plasma) with a diluting solution; stopping the bio memory disc and opening a valve to transfer a diluted serum (or plasma) stored in a buffer chamber through a V-shaped channel coated with a hydrophilic material; when the serum (or plasma) is transferred up to a sample pad of a strip, that is, a end of the V-shaped channel, dropping the plasma (or plasma) on the sample pad of the strip; diffusing the dropped serum (or plasma) through capillary phenomenon due to porosity of the strip to specifically reacting the serum (or plasma) with the capture probe on the strip during the diffusion of the serum (or plasma); drying the strip by rotating the bio memory disc at a high speed; opening a valve to transfer a washing solution stored in a washing chamber through the V-shaped channel coated with the hydrophilic material; when the washing solution is transferred up to the sample pad of the strip, that is, the end of the V-shaped channel, dropping the washing solution on the sample pad of the strip; diffusing the dropped washing solution through the capillary phenomenon due to the porosity of the strip to remove non-specifically reacted components from a surface of the strip during the diffusion of the washing solution; drying the strip by rotating the bio memory disc at a high speed; and reading a result of the reaction on the strip by using an optical measurement unit, an electro-chemical measurement unit, an impedance measuring unit, an image sensor unit, a bio pit detecting unit, a fluorescence detecting unit, a radioactivity detecting unit, a QCM detecting unit, or an SPR detecting unit. 274. The assay method according to claim 273, further comprising: displaying a diagnosis result according to the result of the reaction and a prescription on a computer monitor; automatically or manually connecting to a doctor through an Internet to remotely transmit the diagnosis result and a questionnaire sheet to the doctor; a patient waiting a prescription of the doctor. 275. The assay method according to claim 258, further comprising a labeling step of labeling the DNA with a label. 276. The assay method according to claim 258, wherein, in the DNA amplification step, the DNA is amplified by heating and cooling the bio memory disc through a high speed rotation and the heating means or through repeating the heating and cooling. 