An apparatus for providing a universal interface for a photovoltaic (PV) module. The apparatus comprises a universal retainer plate for mechanically coupling an output power module to the PV module.
Claims 1. An apparatus for providing a universal interface for a photovoltaic (PV) module, comprising a universal retainer plate for mechanically coupling an output power module to the PV module. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the output power module comprises at least one of a DC-AC inverter having a form factor mountable to the universal retainer plate, a DC-DC converter having the form factor, or a DC junction box having the form factor. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising at least one conductive terminal mounted to the PV module and the at least one conductive terminal is capable of being detachably coupled to the output power module. 4. The apparatus of claim 3 wherein the at least one conductive terminal is permanently adhered to the universal retainer plate. 5. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the universal retainer plate comprises at least one fastening device for mechanically coupling the output power module to the PV module. 6. The apparatus of claim 5 wherein the at least one fastening device is a clip. 7. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a sealing gasket retained between the universal retainer plate and the output power module. 8. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the output power module is detachably coupled to the universal retainer plate. 9. An apparatus for dissipating heat generated at a photovoltaic (PV) module, comprising: a universal retainer plate for mechanically coupling an output power module to the PV module; and a heat spreader retained between the PV module and the output power module for providing a uniform thermal profile across the PV module. 10. The apparatus of claim 9 wherein the heat spreader is adhered to the PV module. 11. The apparatus of claim 9 wherein the heat spreader comprises heat dissipating fins. 12. The apparatus of claim 9 wherein the heat spreader is integral to the universal retainer plate. 