Methods and devices are provided for monitoring the condition of the running gear of a railcar utilizing acoustic/motion/vibration sensors mounted on the railcar while the railcar is underway. For some embodiments, utilizing this sensor data, defects in the running gear may be detected, and this information may be used to alert an operator to the defective condition. Operated in conjunction with a GPS or similar location detection device, a plurality of sensors mounted on a plurality of railcars may also be used to identify damaged or worn sections of track.
Claims 1. A method for monitoring railcars comprising: providing a plurality of railcar acoustic monitoring devices wherein each railcar acoustic monitoring device comprises: a microphone wherein the microphone is configured to generate an acoustic signal based upon the acoustic environment thereof, a processor communicatively coupled to the microphone and configured to receive the acoustic signal, a power source electrically coupled to the processor, and a wireless transmitter communicatively coupled to the processor wherein the wireless transmitter is configured to transmit a portion of the acoustic signal; mounting each railcar acoustic monitoring device in proximity to a railcar running gear; transmitting data from each acoustic monitoring device corresponding to the acoustic signal via the wireless transmitter; and receiving the data with a wireless receiver system. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein the data is an alert signal corresponding to an acoustic signature associated with a running gear defect. 3. A railcar acoustic monitoring system comprising: railcar running gear; a microphone disposed in proximity to the railcar running gear, the microphone configured to generate an acoustic signal associated with the running gear; a processor communicatively coupled to the microphone and configured to receive the acoustic signal wherein the processor is communicatively coupled to a memory, the memory configured to store at least a portion of the acoustic signal therein; a power source electrically coupled to the processor; and a wireless transmitter communicatively coupled to the processor, the wireless transmitter configured to transmit the portion of the acoustic signal. 4. A railcar acoustic monitoring system for monitoring the railcar while it is in motion, said system comprising: railcar running gear; a microphone disposed in proximity to the railcar running gear, the microphone configured to generate an acoustic signal based upon the motion of the running gear; a processor communicatively coupled to the microphone and configured to receive the acoustic signal; memory communicatively coupled to the processor, wherein the memory is configured to store one or more acoustic signatures associated with running gear defects in the memory; a power source electrically coupled to the processor; wherein the processor is configured to determine whether a defect condition exists based on a comparison of the acoustic signal to the one or more acoustic signatures; and a transmitter communicatively coupled to the processor, the transmitter configured to transmit a defect alert signal based on the defect condition being detected. 5. The railcar acoustic monitoring system of claim 4 further comprising an additional sensor wherein the additional sensor is an accelerometer communicatively coupled to the processor wherein the accelerometer is configured to send an accelerometer measurement signal to the processor. 6. The railcar acoustic monitoring system of claim 4 further comprising an additional sensor wherein the additional sensor is a speed sensor wherein the speed sensor is positioned adjacent to a rotating component of the running gear and wherein the speed sensor is communicatively coupled to the processor wherein the accelerometer is configured to send an speed measurement signal to the processor. 7. The railcar acoustic monitoring system of claim 5 wherein the processor is configured to send an impact alert signal to the transmitter upon receiving an accelerometer measurement signal that exceeds a predetermined maximum limit. 8. The railcar acoustic monitoring system of claim 6 wherein the processor is configured to send an impact alert signal to the transmitter upon receiving an accelerometer measurement signal that exceeds a predetermined maximum limit, wherein the predetermined maximum limit varies with the speed measurement signal. 9. The railcar acoustic monitoring system of claim 4 further comprising a clock communicatively coupled to the processor wherein the clock is configured to generate a time signal and wherein the processor is configured to store a sample of the acoustic signal and an associated time stamp in the memory. 10. The railcar acoustic monitoring system of claim 4 further comprising a global positioning system configured to communicate position data to the processor. 11. The railcar acoustic monitoring system of claim 10 wherein the global positioning system is configured to send a time signal to the processor and wherein the processor is configured to store a sample of the acoustic signal and an associated time stamp in the memory. 12. The railcar acoustic monitoring system of claim 11 further comprising an antenna, wherein the transmitter is a wireless transmitter and operably connected to the antenna and wherein the wireless transmitter is configured to transmit the sample and the associated time stamp. 13. The railcar acoustic monitoring system of claim 11 wherein the processor is configured to store the position data in memory and wherein the transmitter is configured to transmit the position data. 14. The railcar acoustic monitoring system of claim 4 wherein the transmitter is configured to transmit a unique identification code with any transmitted data, wherein the unique identification code is associated with the railcar acoustic monitoring device. 15. The railcar acoustic monitoring system of claim 11 further comprising an accelerometer communicatively coupled to the processor, wherein the accelerometer is configured to send an accelerometer measurement signal to the processor and wherein the transmitter is a wireless transmitter. 16. The railcar acoustic monitoring system of claim 11, wherein the processor is configured to store speed data determined from the position data in the memory and wherein the memory is nonvolatile memory. 17. The railcar acoustic monitoring system of claim 5 wherein the microphone is a digital microphone communicatively coupled to a digital interface that is communicatively coupled to the processor. 18. The railcar acoustic monitoring system of claim 17 wherein the processor comprises a microprocessor and a digital signal processor for analyzing the acoustic signal and comparing the acoustic signal to the one or more of the acoustic signatures. 19. The railcar acoustic monitoring system of claim 5 wherein the microphone is an analog microphone communicatively coupled to an adjustment circuit, wherein the adjustment circuit is configured to bias, preamplify, condition, filter, amplitude truncation, frequency truncation, or apply a threshold function to the acoustic signal and wherein the adjustment circuit is communicatively coupled to an analog to digital converter that is further communicatively coupled to the processor. 20. The railcar acoustic monitoring system of claim 5 wherein the microphone is an analog microphone communicatively coupled to an adjustment circuit, wherein the adjustment circuit is configured to bias, preamplify, condition, filter, truncate, or apply a threshold function to the acoustic signal and wherein the adjustment circuit is communicatively coupled to an analog to digital converter that is further communicatively coupled to a programmable digital filter that is further communicatively coupled to the processor. 21. The railcar acoustic monitoring system of claim 15 wherein the wireless transmitter utilizes a communications protocol, wherein the communications protocol is WAP, CDMA, TDMA, GSM, SMS, MMS, or any combination thereof. 22. The railcar acoustic monitoring system of claim 9 wherein the processor is configured to broadcast the acoustic signal via the wireless transmitter upon an occurrence of a triggering event. 23. The railcar acoustic monitoring system of claim 4 wherein the power source is a battery, a rechargeable battery, a solar panel, an electrical generator coupled to a rotating component of the railcar running gear, or any combination thereof and wherein the processor is configured to conserve power by entering a sleep mode and actuate upon receiving a wake control signal. 24. A network of acoustic monitoring devices for acoustic monitoring of railcars comprising: a plurality of railcars, each railcar having at least one running gear; a plurality of acoustic monitoring devices, each acoustic monitoring device disposed in proximity to the at least one running gear of each railcar, wherein each acoustic monitoring device comprises: a microphone configured to generate an acoustic signal operation of the running gear; a processor communicatively coupled to the microphone and configured to receive the acoustic signal; a power source electrically coupled to the processor; and a wireless transmitter communicatively coupled to the processor, the wireless transmitter configured to transmit a portion of the acoustic signal. 25. The network of acoustic monitoring devices of claim 24 further comprising a wireless receiver system onboard one of the railcars for receiving the portion of the acoustic signal from the wireless transmitter of each acoustic monitoring device. 26. The network of acoustic monitoring devices of claim 25 wherein the wireless receiver system further comprises a memory and wherein the wireless receiver system is further configured to store data in the memory wherein the data comprises the portion of the acoustic signal from the wireless transmitter of each acoustic monitoring device. 27. The network of acoustic monitoring devices of claim 25 wherein the wireless receiver system is further configured to transmit data wherein the data comprises the portion of the acoustic signal from the wireless transmitter of each acoustic monitoring device. 28. The network of acoustic monitoring devices of claim 25 wherein the wireless receiver system is further configured to generate an alert upon receiving an acoustic signal that is representative of a running gear defect. 29. The network of acoustic monitoring devices of claim 25 wherein the wireless receiver system is further configured to generate an alert upon receiving an acoustic signal that is outside a window of operation known to correspond to normal operating conditions. 30. A railcar monitoring system comprising: a railcar having two sets of railcar running gear; an motion disposed in proximity to the railcar running gear, the accelerometer configured to generate a signal based upon the movement of the railcar; a processor communicatively coupled to the motion sensor and configured to receive signals from the motion sensor, wherein the processor is communicatively coupled to a memory, the memory configured to store at least a portion of the signals therein; a power source electrically coupled to the processor; and a wireless transmitter communicatively coupled to the processor, the wireless transmitter configured to transmit at least a portion of the motion sensor signals. 31. The system of claim 30, wherein said motion sensor is an accelerometer. 32. The system of claim 30, wherein said motion sensor is an eddy current probe. 33. The system of claim 30, further comprising an electronic identification associated with the motion sensor. 34. A railcar monitoring system configured to monitor the railcar while it is in motion, said system comprising: a railcar having two sets of railcar running gear; an accelerometer disposed in proximity to the railcar running gear, the accelerometer configured to generate a signal based upon the movement of the railcar; a processor communicatively coupled to the accelerometer and configured to receive the signal therefrom; memory communicatively coupled to the processor, wherein the processor is configured to store one or more predetermined signatures associated with operation of the running gear in the memory; a power source electrically coupled to the processor; wherein the processor is configured to determine the condition of the running gear based on comparison of the signal from the accelerometer and the one or more signatures stored in memory; and a transmitter communicatively coupled to the processor, the transmitter configured to transmit a signal based on the determined condition of the running gear. 35. The system of claim 34, wherein the predetermined signature is that associated with defective operation of the running gear. 36. The system of claim 34, wherein the predetermined signature is that associated with normal operation of the running gear. 37. A system for monitoring the condition of railroad track, said system comprising: a central monitoring station; a plurality of railcars disposed on said track, wherein each railcar comprises at least one set of running gear; an accelerometer capable of generating acceleration data signals; a processor communicatively coupled to the accelerometer and configured to receive the signal therefrom; a global positioning satellite device; memory communicatively coupled to the processor, said memory having an acceleration signal range programmed thereon, which range is commiserate with normal operation of said running gear; a power source electrically coupled to the processor; wherein the processor is configured to determine whether the acceleration data signals from the accelerometer fall within the normal range stored in said memory; and a transmitter communicatively coupled to the processor, the transmitter configured to transmit a track defect alert to the central monitoring station when the acceleration data signals fall outside the normal range. 38. A method for monitoring a railcar, said method comprising: providing a railcar with a monitoring devices, wherein said monitoring device comprises: a sensor configured to generate a signal based upon movement of the railcar, a processor communicatively coupled to the sensor and configured to receive the signal, a power source electrically coupled to the processor, and a wireless transmitter communicatively coupled to the processor, wherein the wireless transmitter is configured to transmit a monitoring signal based upon the sensor signal; mounting said monitoring device in proximity to a railcar running gear; transmitting the monitoring signal via the wireless transmitter; and receiving the data with a wireless receiver system. 39. The method of claim 38, wherein said transmitted monitoring signal includes an alert generated based on operation of the running gear. 40. The method of claim 38, wherein said transmitted monitoring signal includes data from said sensor. 41. The method of claim 38, wherein said sensor is an accelerometer. 42. The method of claim 38, further comprising the steps of storing one or more predetermined signatures associated with operation of the running gear in the memory of the processor; determining the condition of the running gear based on comparison of the signal from the sensor and the one or more signatures stored in memory; and transmitting the monitoring signal based on the determined condition of the running gear. 43. The method of claim 42, wherein the one or more predetermined signatures associated with operation of the running gear is associated with defective conditions of the running gear. 44. The method of claim 42, wherein the one or more predetermined signatures associated with operation of the running gear is associated with normal operating conditions of the running gear. 45. The method of claim 43, wherein the one or more predetermined signatures is a frequency. 46. The method of claim 44, wherein the one or more predetermined signatures is a frequency range. 47. A method for monitoring the condition of railroad track, said method comprising: providing a plurality of railcars, each railcar having a monitoring device mounted thereon, wherein said monitoring device comprises: a sensor configured to generate a signal based upon movement of the railcar, a processor communicatively coupled to the sensor and configured to receive the signal, a global positioning satellite device, a power source electrically coupled to the processor, and a wireless transmitter communicatively coupled to the processor, wherein the wireless transmitter is configured to transmit a monitoring signal based upon the sensor signal; storing one or more predetermined signatures associated with operation of the railcar in the memory of the processor; moving said railcars along a length of track; comparing the signal from the sensor with the one or more signatures stored in memory to identify a spike in the sensor signal; identifying the location of the railcar on the track at the time of the spike utilizing the global positioning device; and transmitting a monitoring signal to a central monitoring station upon identification of a spike in the sensor signal. 48. The method of claim 47, wherein said monitoring signal includes the location of the railcar at the time of the occurrence of the spike. 49. The method of claim 47, further comprising the step of identifying track condition for a particular location on the track based on the monitoring signal. 50. The method of claim 47, wherein said sensor is an accelerometer. 51. The method of claim 47, wherein the one or more predetermined signatures associated with operation of the railcar is associated with normal operating conditions of the railcar as it is traveling over the track. 52. The method of claim 51, wherein the one or more predetermined signatures is a frequency range. 