A method of forming a multijunction solar cell including an upper subcell, a middle subcell, and a lower subcell, including providing first substrate for the epitaxial growth of semiconductor material; forming a first solar subcell on the substrate having a first band gap; forming a second solar subcell over the first solar subcell having a second band gap smaller than the first band gap; forming a grading interlayer over the second subcell, the grading interlayer having a third band gap greater than the second band gap; and forming a third solar subcell over the grading interlayer having a fourth band gap smaller than the second band gap such that the third subcell is lattice mis-matched with respect to the second subcell, wherein at least one of the bases of a solar subcell has an exponentially doped profile.
Claims 1. A method of forming a multijunction solar cell comprising an upper subcell, a middle subcell, and a lower or bottom subcell, the method comprising: providing first substrate for the epitaxial growth of semiconductor material; forming a first solar subcell having a base and an emitter on said substrate having a first band gap; forming a second solar subcell having a base and an emitter over said first solar subcell having a second band gap smaller than said first band gap; forming a grading interlayer over said second solar subcell, said grading interlayer having a third band gap greater than said second band gap; and forming a third solar subcell having a base and an emitter over said grading interlayer having a fourth band gap smaller than said second band gap such that said third subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to said second subcell, wherein at least one of the bases has an exponentially doped profile. 2. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein the base in said first solar cell has an exponential gradation in doping from 1.times.10.sup.16 per cubic centimeter adjacent the base-emitter junction to 1.times.10.sup.18 per cubic centimeter adjacent the adjoining layer. 3. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein the base in said second solar cell has an exponential gradation in doping from 1.times.10.sup.16 per cubic centimeter adjacent the base-emitter junction to 1.times.10.sup.18 per cubic centimeter adjacent the adjoining layer. 4. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein the base in said third solar cell has an exponential gradation in doping from 1.times.10.sup.16 per cubic centimeter adjacent the base-emitter junction to 1.times.10.sup.18 per cubic centimeter adjacent the adjoining layer. 5. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein the emitter layer in at least one of the solar cells has an increasing gradation in doping from 5.times.10.sup.17 per cubic centimeter adjacent the base-emitter junction to 5.times.10.sup.18 per cubic centimeter adjacent the adjoining layer. 6. A method as defined in claim 4, wherein said third solar cell is the bottom subcell and the exponential gradation in doping results in an increase in short circuit current to a level approximately equal to the short circuit current in a higher subcell. 7. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein said first substrate is composed of GaAs. 8. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein said first solar subcell is composed of an InGa(AI)P emitter region and an InGa(Al)P base region. 9. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein said second solar subcell is composed of an InGaP emitter region and an GaAs base region. 10. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein said grading interlayer is composed of InGaAlAs. 11. A method as defined in claim 10, wherein said grading interlayer is composed of nine steps of layers with monotonically changing lattice constant. 12. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein said third solar subcell is composed of InGaAs. 13. A method as defined in claim 1, further comprising depositing a barrier layer about one micron in thickness adjacent said grading interlayer for preventing threading dislocations from propagating. 14. A method of manufacturing a solar cell comprising: providing a first substrate; depositing on a first substrate a sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming a solar cell including at least one base layer with exponential doping; mounting a surrogate substrate on top of the sequence of layers; and removing the first substrate. 15. A method as defined in claim 14, wherein the sequence of layers of semiconductor material forms a triple junction solar cell, including first, second and third solar subcells. 16. A method as defined in claim 14, further comprising removing the surrogate substrate and mounting the solar cell on a support. 17. A method as defined in claim 16, wherein the support is a rigid coverglass. 18. A method for forming a solar cell comprising: forming a top cell including base and emitter layers composed of InGaP semiconductor material; forming a middle cell emitter layer of GaAs semiconductor material and a base layer of InGaP semiconductor material; and forming a bottom cell including an emitter and base layer of InGaAs semiconductor material, wherein at least one of the base layers has an exponentially doped profile. 19. A method as defined in claim 18, further comprising providing a substrate for the growth of semiconductor material, wherein said top cell is directly grown over said substrate and is lattice matched thereto, and said bottom cell is lattice mismatched with respect to said substrate. 20. A method as defined in claim 19, further comprising mounting the solar cell on a rigid support and removing the substrate. 