A pet house, for providing convenient and comfortable accommodation for a pet, includes a housing and a plurality of amenities. The housing includes a surrounding wall having a lodging room for the pet accommodating therein, and a side entrance communicating with the lodging room, and a roof frame, which is supported on the surrounding wall to define the lodging room within the surrounding wall and the roof frame. The amenities, including at least one of a solar power system, a power storage, a ventilating device, a dimmer light, an audio device, a remote intercommunication system, and an outdoors shading arrangement, is provided at said pet house for providing the comfort and convenience of said pet house so as to enhance the quality of living.
Claims 1. A pet house for accommodating a pet therein, comprising: a housing which comprises: a surrounding wall having a lodging room for said pet accommodating therein, and a side entrance communicating with said lodging room; a roof frame, which is supported on said surrounding wall to define said lodging room within said surrounding wall and said roof frame; and a plurality of amenities provided at said pet house for providing the comfort and convenience of said pet house so as to enhance the quality of living. 2. The pet house, as recited in claim 1, further comprises a solar power system as one of said amenities for solar power collection, wherein said solar power system comprises a solar collecting unit having a solar collecting surface provided on said roof frame to face towards sun for gaining a solar energy and converting said solar energy into electrical energy to provide electricity to other said amenities of said pet house. 3. The pet house, as recited in claim 2, further comprising a power storage electrically extended from said solar collecting unit for storing said electrical energy converted from said solar collecting unit, and 4. The pet house, as recited in claim 3, further comprising a power outlet provided at said surrounding wall to electrically connect to said power storage for charging said power storage when said electrical energy is shortage. 5. The pet house, as recited in claim 1, wherein said housing further comprises a ventilating fan as one of said amenities mounted at said surrounding wall for providing ventilation of said lodging room. 6. The pet house, as recited in claim 4, wherein said housing further comprises a ventilating fan as one of said amenities mounted at said surrounding wall for providing ventilation of said lodging room. 7. The pet house, as recited in claim 1, further comprising a guiding light as one of said amenities mounted at said surrounding wall for providing illumination via a light sensor. 8. The pet house, as recited in claim 6, further comprising a guiding light as one of said amenities mounted at said surrounding wall for providing illumination via a light sensor. 9. The pet house, as recited in claim 1, further comprising an audio device, as one of said amenities, provided at said housing, wherein said audio device comprises one of more speakers supported at said housing and an audio input operatively coupling with said speaker such that when said audio input sends an audio signal to said speaker, said speaker is adapted for producing audio sound as an additional function for said pet house. 10. The pet house, as recited in claim 8, further comprising an audio device, as one of said amenities, provided at said housing, wherein said audio device comprises one of more speakers supported at said housing and an audio input operatively coupling with said speaker such that when said audio input sends an audio signal to said speaker, said speaker is adapted for producing audio sound as an additional function for said pet house. 11. The pet house, as recited in claim 1, further comprising a remote intercommunication system for intercommunicating between said pet and a pet owner, wherein said remote intercommunication system comprises at least one first video capturing device positioned at a predetermined location of said housing in which said pet resides for capturing a real-time visual image of said pet, such that said pet owner is able to visually communicate with said pet via said first video capturing device even though said pet is at a distance from said pet owner to carefully monitor a condition in which said pet is treated when said pet owner does not physically accompany said pet. 12. The pet house, as recited in claim 10, further comprising a remote intercommunication system for intercommunicating between said pet and a pet owner, wherein said remote intercommunication system comprises at least one first video capturing device positioned at a predetermined location of said housing in which said pet resides for capturing a real-time visual image of said pet, such that said pet owner is able to visually communicate with said pet via said first video capturing device even though said pet is at a distance from said pet owner to carefully monitor a condition in which said pet is treated when said pet owner does not physically accompany said pet. 13. The pet house, as recited in claim 11, wherein said remote intercommunication system further comprises at least one first audio device electrically communicating with said first video capturing device for recording an audio signal from said pet, such that said pet owner is able to visually and audibly communicate with said pet via said first video capturing device and said first audio device. 14. The pet house, as recited in claim 12, wherein said remote intercommunication system further comprises at least one first audio device electrically communicating with said first video capturing device for recording an audio signal from said pet, such that said pet owner is able to visually and audibly communicate with said pet via said first video capturing device and said first audio device. 15. The pet house, as recited in claim 12, wherein said first audio device and said first video capturing device are wireless devices for wirelessly sending out said audio signal and said visual image. 16. The pet house, as recited in claim 14, wherein said first audio device and said first video capturing device are wireless devices for wirelessly sending out said audio signal and said visual image. 17. The pet house, as recited in claim 12, wherein said first audio-visual equipment further comprises a sensor, and a tracker corresponding to said sensor for generating a signal being received by said sensor, wherein said tracker is adapted for being worn by said pet, in such a manner that said first video capturing device is able to move a capturing angle regarding to the movement of said pet in a predetermined capturing area. 18. The pet house, as recited in claim 16, wherein said first audio-visual equipment further comprises a sensor, and a tracker corresponding to said sensor for generating a signal being received by said sensor, wherein said tracker is adapted for being worn by said pet, in such a manner that said first video capturing device is able to move a capturing angle regarding to the movement of said pet in a predetermined capturing area. 19. The pet house, as recited in claim 1, further comprising an outdoors shading arrangement which contains an umbrella compartment provided at said roof frame and comprises an outdoor umbrella arranged when said outdoor umbrella is folded in a closed position, said outdoor umbrella is adapted to be received in said umbrella compartment in a hidden manner, and when said outdoor umbrella is folded in an opened position, said outdoor umbrella is adapted to be supported by said housing to create a shading area under said outdoor umbrella for said pet resting thereunder. 20. The pet house, as recited in claim 18, further comprising an outdoors shading arrangement which contains an umbrella compartment provided at said roof frame and comprises an outdoor umbrella arranged when said outdoor umbrella is folded in a closed position, said outdoor umbrella is adapted to be received in said umbrella compartment in a hidden manner, and when said outdoor umbrella is folded in an opened position, said outdoor umbrella is adapted to be supported by said housing to create a shading area under said outdoor umbrella for said pet resting thereunder. 21. The pet house, as claimed in claim 1, wherein said roof frame comprises a ceiling wall mounted on top of said surrounding wall to cover said lodging room and a roof cover movably mounted on said ceiling wall, wherein a food storage is formed between said ceiling wall and said roof cover and is arranged for storing pet food to add an additional weight as a downward loading force on said housing so as to enhance said housing in a stably constructing manner. 22. The pet house, as recited in claim 21, wherein said roof cover is pivotally connected with said ceiling wall to selectively enclose said food storage, wherein said roof cover has a sealing rim and said ceiling wall has a sealing groove arranged when said roof cover is pivotally folded on top of said ceiling wall, said sealing rim is engaged with said sealing groove in an airtight manner to sealedly enclose said food storage for preventing moisture entering into said food storage, wherein said roof cover is pivotally connected with said ceiling wall to selectively enclose said food storage, wherein said roof cover has a sealing rim and said ceiling wall has a sealing groove arranged when said roof cover is pivotally folded on top of said ceiling wall, said sealing rim is engaged with said sealing groove in an airtight manner to sealedly enclose said food storage for preventing moisture entering into said food storage, wherein said roof frame, which is made of waterproof material, is detachably mounted on top of said surrounding wall to allow said housing to be disassembled for transporting and cleaning purposes, wherein said housing further comprises an eave handle outwardly and inclinedly extended from said surrounding wall at a position above said side entrance for not only sheltering said side entrance but also easy carrying said housing. 23. The pet house, as recited in claim 21, further comprising a food dispensing arrangement for dispensing said pet food from said food storage, wherein said food dispensing arrangement comprises a food channel having a food inlet communicating extending to said ceiling wall to communicate with said food storage and a food dispensing outlet downwardly extended to a bottom side of said housing, and a food control valve operatively coupled with said food channel for controlling a predetermined amount of said pet food dispensing from said food storage at said food inlet to said food dispensing outlet, wherein a bottom wall of said food storage has a funnel shape that said bottom wall of said food storage is sloped towards said food inlet for guiding said pet food moving towards said food inlet by gravity. 24. The pet house, as recited in claim 22, further comprising a food dispensing arrangement for dispensing said pet food from said food storage, wherein said food dispensing arrangement comprises a food channel having a food inlet communicating extending to said ceiling wall to communicate with said food storage and a food dispensing outlet downwardly extended to a bottom side of said housing, and a food control valve operatively coupled with said food channel for controlling a predetermined amount of said pet food dispensing from said food storage at said food inlet to said food dispensing outlet, wherein a bottom wall of said food storage has a funnel shape that said bottom wall of said food storage is sloped towards said food inlet for guiding said pet food moving towards said food inlet by gravity. 25. The pet house, as recited in claim 23, wherein said food control valve comprises a dispensing rotor having a food propeller rotatably supported within said food channel at said food inlet thereof for controllably feeding a predetermined of said pet food from said food storage, a driving device operatively driving said dispensing rotor to rotate at a predetermined number of revolution so as to dispense said pet food to said food dispensing outlet, and a sealing valve which is operatively coupled at said food dispensing outlet and is controlled by said driving device for normally sealing said food channel at said food dispensing outlet, and a food screen coupled at said food dispensing outlet in front of said sealing valve for slowing down said pet food dropping out from said food dispensing outlet. 26. The pet house, as recited in claim 24, wherein said food control valve comprises a dispensing rotor having a food propeller rotatably supported within said food channel at said food inlet thereof for controllably feeding a predetermined of said pet food from said food storage, a driving device operatively driving said dispensing rotor to rotate at a predetermined number of revolution so as to dispense said pet food to said food dispensing outlet, and a sealing valve which is operatively coupled at said food dispensing outlet and is controlled by said driving device for normally sealing said food channel at said food dispensing outlet, and a food screen coupled at said food dispensing outlet in front of said sealing valve for slowing down said pet food dropping out from said food dispensing outlet. 27. The pet house, as recited in claim 25, wherein said food dispensing arrangement further comprises a water dispenser, which is supported by said housing, having a water inlet adapted for connecting with a water source and a water dispensing head protruding from said surrounding wall for controllably dispensing water from said water source. 28. The pet house, as recited in claim 26, wherein said food dispensing arrangement further comprises a water dispenser, which is supported by said housing, having a water inlet adapted for connecting with a water source and a water dispensing head protruding from said surrounding wall for controllably dispensing water from said water source. 29. The pet house, as recited in claim 21, wherein said housing further comprises a ventilating window provided at said surrounding wall for providing ventilation of said lodging room, and a battery-powered dimmer light mounted at said surrounding wall for providing illumination via a light sensor. 