An apparatus for generating electric power from wind energy includes an upright structural frame having a base frame portion, an upright rod extending vertically along a pivot axis that passes through a center of the structural frame, and having a lower end disposed in the base frame portion of the structural frame. A blade unit is mounted fixedly on the upright rod such that an assembly of the upright rod and the blade unit is rotatable relative to the structural frame about the pivot axis so as to convert wind energy into a mechanical rotary power output. A generator is mounted on the base frame portion of the structural frame and is coupled to the lower end of the blade unit to convert the mechanical rotary power output into electric power.
Claims 1. An apparatus for generating electric power from wind energy, comprising: an upright structural frame having a base frame portion; an upright rod extending vertically along a pivot axis that passes through a center of said structural frame, and having a lower end disposed in said base frame portion of said structural frame, and an upper end; a blade unit mounted fixedly on said upright rod such that an assembly of said upright rod and said blade unit is rotatable relative to said structural frame about the pivot axis so as to convert wind energy into a mechanical rotary power output; and a generator mounted on said base frame portion of said structural frame and coupled to said lower end of said blade unit to convert the mechanical rotary power output into electric power. 2. The apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein said blade unit includes: a first blade member connected fixedly to said upright rod; and a second blade member connected fixedly to said upright rod and disposed around said first blade member, said second blade member having an upper portion disposed above said first blade member, and a lower portion disposed below said first blade member. 3. The apparatus as claimed in claim 2, wherein: said first blade member includes a plurality of vertically extending first blades arranged along the pivot axis, each of said first blades being connected fixedly to said upright rod, and being S-shaped in cross section; and said second blade member includes a plurality of curved strip-shaped second blades that are angularly equidistant and that have upper ends connected to each other, connected fixedly to said upright rod and constituting said upper portion of said second blade member, and lower ends opposite to said upper ends, connected to each other, connected fixedly to said upright rod and constituting said lower portion of said second blade member, each of said second blades of said second blade member cooperating with said upright rod to constitute a D-shaped structure. 4. The apparatus as claimed in claim 3, wherein: said structural frame is configured with two accommodating spaces, said first and second blade members being accommodated in one of said accommodating spaces; and said blade unit further includes a third blade member accommodated in the other one of said accommodating spaces in said structural frame and connected fixedly to said upright rod. 5. The apparatus as claimed in claim 4, wherein said third blade member includes: a blade-mounting frame having a central portion sleeved on and connected fixedly to said upright rod, and a plurality of radial extensions extending radially from said central portion, each of said radial extensions having a free end; and a plurality of upright third blades connected respectively and fixedly to said free ends of said radial extensions of said blade-mounting frame. 6. The apparatus as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a solar cell unit mounted on a top of said structural frame for converting solar power into electrical energy. 