A method of forming a multijunction solar cell including an upper subcell, a middle subcell, and a lower subcell, the method including: providing a substrate for the epitaxial growth of semiconductor material; forming a first solar subcell on the substrate having a first band gap and including a pseudomorphic window layer; forming a second solar subcell over the first solar subcell having a second band gap smaller than the first band gap; forming a graded interlayer over the second subcell, the graded interlayer having a third band gap greater than the second band gap; and forming a third solar subcell over the graded interlayer having a fourth band gap smaller than the second band gap such that the third subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to the second solar subcell.
Claims 1. A method of forming a multijunction solar cell comprising an upper subcell, a middle subcell, and a lower subcell, the method comprising: providing first substrate for the epitaxial growth of semiconductor material; forming a first solar subcell on said substrate having a first band gap; said cell including a base layer and an emitter layer, and a window layer adjacent to said emitter layer and lattice mismatched thereto, having a lattice constant which differs from the lattice constant of the emitter layer by less than approximately 0.9%; forming a second subcell over said first subcell having a second band gap smaller than said first band gap; forming a grading interlayer over said second solar subcell, said grading interlayer having a third band gap greater than said second band gap; and forming a third subcell over said grading interlayer having a fourth band gap smaller than said second band gap such that said third subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to said second subcell. 2. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the window layer is composed of InAlP, with x in the range of 0.60 to 0.70. 3. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the window layer is pseduomorphic. 4. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein the window layer is strained so that dislocations do not propogate into the cell structure. 5. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein said second solar cell is composed of a GaInP, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN emitter region and a GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN base region. 6. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein said grading interlayer is composed of any of the As, P, N, Sb based III-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the second solar cell and less than or equal to that of the third solar cell, and having a band gap energy grater than that of the second solar cell. 7. A method as defined in claim 5, wherein said second solar subcell is composed of InGaP emitter region and a GaAs base region. 8. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein said grading interlayer is composed of InGaGlAs. 9. A method as defined in claim 1, further comprising attaching a surrogate second substrate over said third solar cell and removing the first substrate. 10. A method of manufacturing a solar cell comprising: providing a first semiconductor substrate; depositing on a first substrate a sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming a solar cell including a window layer with a bandgap of more than 2.25 eV; mounting a surrogate second substrate on top of the sequence of layers; and removing the first substrate. 11. A method as defined in claim 10, the window layer is pseudomorphic and is composed of Al.sub.xInP, with x in the range of 0.60 to 0.70, and has a lattice constant which differs from the adjacent solar cell by less than 0.9%. 12. The method as defined in claim 10, wherein the sequence of layers of semiconductor material forms a triple junction solar cell including top, middle and bottom solar subcells. 13. The method as defined in claim 10, wherein the mounting step includes adhering the solar cell to the surrogate substrate. 14. The method as defined in claim 10, wherein the surrogate substrate is selected from the group of sapphire, Ge, GaAs, or silicon. 15. The method as defined in claim 10, wherein the solar cell is bonded to said surrogate substrate by an adhesive. 16. The method as defined in claim 10, wherein the solar cell is eutectically bonded to the surrogate substrate. 17. The method as defined in claim 10, further comprising thinning the surrogate substrate to a predetermined thickness. 18. The method as defined in claim 10, further mounting the solar cell on a support and removing the surrogate substrate. 19. The method as defined in claim 18, wherein the support is a rigid coverglass. 20. The method as defined in claim 12, wherein said middle and bottom subcells are lattice mismatched. 21. A method as defined in claim 20, further comprising depositing a graded interlayer between said middle and bottom subcells, said interlayer having a band gap greater than the band gap of said middle subcell. 22. A method as defined in claim 23, wherein said graded interlayer is composed of any of the As, P, N, Sb based III-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter or equal to that of the middle subcell and less than or equal to that of the bottom subcell. 23. A method as defined in claim 21, wherein the graded interlayer is composed of (In.sub.xGa.sub.1-x)yAl.sub.1-yAs, with x and y selected such that the band gap of the interlayer remains constant at approximately 1.50 eV. 24. A method for increasing current generation in a photovoltaic cell or other optoelectronic device comprising providing a subcell an emitter layer having a first lattice constant; growing a lattice-mismatched window layer positioned directly adjacent to said emitter layer composed of a material, having a second lattice constant different from the first lattice constant material lattice constant and said second material lattice constant differ in material lattice constant values by at least less than approximately 1.0%, wherein said lattice mismatched window layer is fully strained window layer. 25. The method as defined in claim 24, wherein the window layer is composed of InAl.sub.xP, with x in the range of 0.60 to 0.70. 26. The method as defined in claim 24, wherein the window layer is pseduomorphic. 27. A method as defined in claim 24, wherein the window layer is fully strained. 28. A method as defined in claim 24, wherein said window layer has a band gap of more than 2.25 eV. 29. A multijunction solar cell comprising: a substrate; a first solar subcell on said substrate having a first band gap; a pseudomorphic window layer disposed over said first subcell having a bandgap greater than that of a lattice matched window layer; a second solar subcell disposed over said first subcell and having a second band gap smaller than said first band gap; a grading interlayer disposed over said barrier layer and having a third band gap greater than said second band gap; and a third solar subcell disposed over said grading interlayer that is lattice mismatched with respect to said middle subcell and having a fourth band gap smaller than said third band gap. 30. A solar cell as defined in claim 29, wherein said window layer is composed of InAl.sub.xP, where x is in the range 0.60 to 0.70. 31. A solar cell as defined in claim 29, wherein the substrate is selected from the group consisting of germanium or GaAs. 32. A solar cell as defined in claim 29, wherein said first solar subcell is composed of InGa(Al)P. 33. A solar cell as defined in claim 29, wherein said second solar subcell is composed of an GaInP, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN emitter region and an GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN base region. 34. A solar cell as defined in claim 29, wherein said third solar subcell is composed of InGaAs. 