Fullerenes are a novel material that has been expected to serve as a promising material in the construction of organic devices. However, the electric conductivity of fullerenes, which has been, reported heretofore spreads over a wide range including values corresponding to insulators as well as those corresponding to semiconductors. The present invention makes it possible to improve the conductivity of fullerenes highly reproducibly by heating the fullerenes at a specified temperature in an inert gas which is flowed under a specified condition, that is, by controlling the concentration of impurities, particularly oxygen and water adsorbed to the fullerenes.
Claims 1. Fullerenes, which contain oxygen at 10.sup.14 molecules/cm.sup.3 or less, and water at 10.sup.16 molecules/cm.sup.3 or less. 2. Fullerenes, which contain water at 10.sup.16 molecules/cm.sup.3 or less. 3. Fullerenes, which have an electric conductivity of 10.sup.-1 (.OMEGA.cm).sup.-1 or higher, and 10 (.OMEGA.cm).sup.-1 or lower when measured at 27.degree. C. 4. Fullerenes, which have an electric conductivity of 10.sup.-1 (.OMEGA.cm).sup.-1 or higher, and 10.sup.3 (.OMEGA.cm).sup.-1 or lower when measured at 27.degree. C. 5. The fullerenes as claimed in claim 1, which are C.sub.60, C.sub.70, C.sub.76, C.sub.78, C.sub.82, or C.sub.84, or a mixture thereof. 6. A nanotube, which contains oxygen at 10.sup.14 molecules/cm.sup.3 or less, and water at 10.sup.16 molecules/cm.sup.3 or less. 7. A nanotube, which contains water at 10.sup.16 molecules/cm.sup.3 or less. 8. A solid body, powder, coating membrane, single crystal, poly-crystal, film, fiber, dopant material, vapor-deposited material, or co-deposited material which contains fullerenes as claimed in claim 1. 9. A transistor, solar battery, fuel cell, organic EL, sensor, or resistance, which incorporates fullerenes as claimed in claim 1. 10. A method of producing fullerenes or a nanotube which comprises heating fullerenes as claimed in claim 1 at a temperature not lower than 200.degree. C. and not higher than 700.degree. C. in an inert gas for a period not shorter than 10 seconds and not longer than 10 hours. 11. A method of producing fullerenes or a nanotube which comprises heating fullerenes as claimed in claim 1 at a temperature not lower than 100.degree. C. and not higher than 700.degree. C. for a period not shorter than 10 seconds and not longer than 10 hours in an inert gas within a vessel while the inert gas is being purged from the vessel. 12. A method of producing fullerenes or a nanotube which comprises heating fullerenes or a nanotube at a temperature not lower than 100.degree. C. and not higher than 700.degree. C. for a period not shorter than 10 seconds and not longer than 10 hours in an inert gas within a vessel having a volume of V liter while the inert gas is being continuously flowed at a rate not lower than 3V liter/min and not higher than 10V liter/min. 13. A method of producing fullerenes or a nanotube which comprises heating fullerenes or a nanotube at a temperature not lower than 100.degree. C. and not higher than 700.degree. C. for a period not shorter than 10 seconds and not longer than 10 hours while the heating is allowed to proceed at a rate not higher than 20.degree. C./min. 14. A method of producing fullerenes or a nanotube as claimed in claim 10, wherein the fullerenes are C.sub.60, C.sub.70, C.sub.76, C.sub.78, C.sub.82, or C.sub.84, or a mixture thereof. 15. A method of producing fullerenes or a nanotube as claimed in claim 10, wherein the inert gas comprises a gas selected from the group comprising pure nitrogen, Ar, He, Kr, Ne, and Xe, and a mixture thereof. 16. A method of producing fullerenes or a nanotube as claimed in claim 10, wherein the inert gas environment in contact with the fullerenes or the nanotube contains oxygen at 10 ppb or lower, and water at 10 ppb or lower. 17. A method of producing fullerenes or a nanotube as claimed in claim 10, wherein the vessel or the tube through which an inert gas is introduced into the vessel has an internal wall made of a stainless steel material which receives, on its surface, the protective coating of a passivity membrane made of chromium oxide, aluminum oxide or metal fluoride. 18. A method of producing fullerenes or a nanotube as claimed in claim 10, wherein the vessel or the tube through which an inert gas is introduced into the vessel is made of a material which releases gas from its surface at a rate not higher than 1.times.10.sup.-15 (Torr*1/sec*cm.sup.2). 19. A method of producing an organic device which comprises preparing a film made of fulleres or a nanotube produced by a method as claimed in claim 10, and forming a protective film made of SiO.sub.2, Si.sub.3N.sub.4, polyimide, polymethylmethacrylate, polyvinylidenefluoride, polycarbonate, polyvinylalcohol, acryl resin or glass by CVD, PVD, spin coating, spray coating, or dip coating. 20. A deposited film made of fullerenes or a nanotube which is deposited, using fullerenes having a carbon content not lower than 99.6 wt %, in a vacuum having a degree of vacuum not higher than 10.sup.-9 Torr within a vacuum vessel which has an internal wall made of a stainless steel material receiving, on its surface, the protective coating of a passivity membrane made of chromium oxide, aluminum oxide or metal fluoride. 21. A deposited film made of fullerenes or a nanotube which is deposited, using fullerenes having a carbon content not lower than 99.6 wt %, in a vacuum having a degree of vacuum not higher than 10.sup.-11 Torr within a vacuum vessel with an internal wall which releases gas from its surface at a rate not higher than 1.times.10.sup.-15 (Torr*1/sec*cm.sup.2). 22. A method of producing a deposited film made of fullerenes or a nanotube which comprises using fullerenes having a carbon content not lower than 99.6 wt %, and depositing the film in a vacuum having a degree of vacuum not higher than 10.sup.-9 Torr within a vacuum vessel with an internal wall made of a stainless steel material which receives, on its surface, the protective coating of a passivity membrane made of chromium oxide, aluminum oxide or metal fluoride. 23. A method of producing a deposited film made of fullerenes or a nanotube which comprises using fullerenes having a carbon content not lower than 99.6 wt %, and depositing the film in a vacuum having a degree of vacuum not higher than 10.sup.-11 Torr within a vacuum vessel having an internal wall which releases gas from its surface at a rate not higher than 1.times.10.sup.-15 (Torr*1/sec*cm.sup.2). 24. A system for producing fullerenes or a nanotube which comprises a vessel equipped with a gas inflow port and a gas outflow port, a heating means, a heating control means, and a gas flow control means, and which can control both the heating condition and the gas flow condition in association. 25. A gas sensor using, as a sensor body, fullerenes as claimed in claim 1. 26. A gas detection method for checking the presence of a gas or determining its concentration by monitoring the change in resistance of fullerenes as claimed in claim 1. 