A solar photovoltaic module containing a housing that supports an array of photovoltaic cells and corresponding light guides. The housing includes a base member having a generally planar support surface and two side walls projecting from the support surface. Two side panels detachably connect to the side walls, and a top panel detachably connects to the side panels. The top panel includes a plurality of concentrating lenses that focus incident solar radiation into the inside of the housing towards the light guide. The light guides are disposed between the corresponding concentrating lenses and photovoltaic cells such that the concentrating lenses and light guides work together to direct light onto the photovoltaic cells. At least one retaining member interfaces to the light guides and applies a downward force that biases the respective light guides toward the corresponding photovoltaic cells.
Claims 1. A solar photovoltaic module, comprising: a housing including a base member having a generally planar support surface and two side walls projecting from said support surface; two side panels detachably connected to said side walls; a top panel detachably connected to said side panels, said top panel including an array of concentrating lenses; an array of photovoltaic cells corresponding to said array of concentrating lenses and supported by said support surface; an array of light guides disposed between said array of concentrating lenses and said array of photovoltaic cells, each light guide having a top surface, wherein, said array of concentrating lenses and said corresponding light guides cooperate to direct light onto said photovoltaic cells; and at least one retaining member that interfaces to said top surfaces of said array of light guides and applies a downward biasing force thereto pushing said array of light guides toward said array of photovoltaic cells in order to sandwich said array of light guides between said at least one retaining member and said array of photovoltaic cells. 2. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein: said at least one retaining member defines a cut-out regions shaped to receive said top surfaces. 3. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein: said photovoltaic cells are realized from a semiconductor light-absorbing material. 4. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein: said array of concentrator lenses are Fresnel lenses. 5. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 4, wherein: said corresponding array of light guides are prisms. 6. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 5, wherein: said prisms are in the shape of a truncated inverted pyramid. 7. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 2, wherein: said top surface of said a respective light guide has a plurality of corners, and said at least one retaining member defines a plurality of elongate fingers that interface to corresponding corners of said respective light guide. 8. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein: said sidewalls comprise a plurality of teeth for mechanically engaging said at least one retaining member such that each retaining member is securely mounted to said sidewalls within said base. 9. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 8, wherein: said sidewalls have an interior surface, said at least one retaining member has a plurality of sides, and said teeth project angularly downward from said interior surface such that said teeth define a gap between said teeth and said interior surface, and said gap receives at least one of said plurality of sides of each retaining member. 10. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 7, wherein: said side panels comprise a plurality of teeth projecting inward for gripping said at least one retaining member such that each retaining member is securely mounted to said side panels by an interference fit. 11. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein: said side walls comprise a plurality of shoulders projecting outward for supporting said side panels, and a plurality of teeth projecting inward for gripping said at least one retaining member such that each retaining member is securely mounted to said side walls by an interference fit. 12. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 10, wherein: said side walls further comprise a rib defining an accessible channel shaped to receive a plurality of self tapping screws that mount said side panel to said side wall. 13. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein: said base member further comprises a plurality of cooling fins extending downward from said support surface for diffusing heat away from said array of photovoltaic cells. 14. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein: said base member further defines at least one recess shaped to receive at least one of said corresponding photovoltaic cells, and said photovoltaic cells are mounted to said recesses by a plurality of adhesive bonds. 15. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein: each of said side walls forms an obtuse angle with respect to said generally planar support surface. 16. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein: said housing includes a plurality of top panels detachably connected to said side panels, each top panel having an array of concentrating lenses. 17. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein: said side panels include a means for adjusting the vertical position of said side panels relative to said base member such that the focal point of said concentrating lenses is moveable to ensure that said concentrating lenses are focused on corresponding light guides. 18. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 1, further comprising: at least one adhesive bond between said array of light guides and said array of photovoltaic cells, wherein, said light guides are mounted atop said photovoltaic cells and attached thereto by said at least one adhesive bond. 19. A solar photovoltaic module comprising: a base member having a generally planar support surface and two side walls projecting from said support surface at obtuse angles with respect to said support surface, wherein, said support surface defines at least one recess for receiving a plurality of photovoltaic cells, and comprises a plurality of fins projecting downward from said support surface for diffusing heat away from said photovoltaic cells, and wherein said side walls comprise a plurality of shoulders projecting outward for supporting two side panels, said side panels being detachably connected to said side walls, and a plurality of teeth projecting inward; a top panel detachably connected to said side panels, said top panel having an integral array of Fresnel lenses; an array of photovoltaic cells mounted to said at least one recess; an array of prisms corresponding and mounted to said array of photovoltaic cells by a plurality of adhesive bonds, wherein each prism includes a top portion having a plurality of corners; and at least one retaining member supported by said side walls, said at least one retaining member defining cutout regions for receiving said top portions of said array of prisms and a plurality of metal fingers that interface to said corners of a respective prism and apply a downward biasing force thereto pushing said respective prism toward said photovoltaic cells in order to sandwich said respective prism between said at least one retaining member and said photovoltaic cells to position and align said respective prism above said a respective photovoltaic cell. 20. A solar photovoltaic system, comprising: at least one photovoltaic module and an electrical power sink electronically coupled to said at least one photovoltaic module, wherein said at least one photovoltaic module includes a housing including a base member having a generally planar support surface and two side walls projecting from said support surface, two side panels detachably connected to said side walls, a top panel detachably connected to said side panels, said top panel including an array of concentrating lenses, an array of photovoltaic cells corresponding to said array of concentrating lenses and mounted to said support surface, and an array of light guides disposed between said array of concentrating lenses and said array of photovoltaic cells, wherein, said array of concentrating lenses and said corresponding light guides work together to direct light onto said photovoltaic cells; and at least one retaining member supported by said side walls that interfaces to said array of light guides and applies a downward biasing force thereto pushing said array of light guides toward said array of photovoltaic cells in order to sandwich said array of light guides between said at least one retaining member and said array of photovoltaic cells. 21. A solar photovoltaic system according to claim 20, wherein: each light guide includes a top surface and each retaining member defines a cut-out shaped to receive said top surface. 22. A solar photovoltaic system according to claim 20, wherein: said electrical power sink comprises at least one of a DC/AC inverter and a battery bank. 23. A solar photovoltaic module, comprising: a housing including a base member having a generally planar support surface and two side walls projecting from said support surface; two side panels detachably connected to said side walls; a top panel detachably connected to said side panels, said top panel including an array of concentrating lenses; an array of photovoltaic cells corresponding to said array of concentrating lenses and supported by said support surface; an array of light guides disposed between said array of concentrating lenses and said array of photovoltaic cells, wherein, said array of concentrating lenses and said corresponding light guides work together to direct light onto said photovoltaic cells; at least one retaining member that interfaces to said array of light guides and applies a downward biasing force thereto pushing said array of light guides toward said array of photovoltaic cells in order to sandwich said array of light guides between said at least one retaining member and said array of photovoltaic cells; and a coupling means for removably attaching said side panels to said base member in order to adjust the vertical position of said side panels relative to said base member to thereby adjust the vertical position of said concentrating lenses relative to said light guides. 24. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein: in an installed position, said at least one retaining member has a convex shape relative to said support surface. 25. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 19, wherein: in an installed position, said at least one retaining member has a convex shape relative to said support surface. 26. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 20, wherein: in an installed position, said at least one retaining member has a convex shape relative to said support surface. 27. A solar photovoltaic module according to claim 23, wherein: in an installed position, said at least one retaining member has a convex shape relative to said support surface. 