Devices, systems and methods for improved electrical appliances which allow for efficient and safe production of hydrogen and oxygen gas for a flame are disclosed. An appliance for providing gas for combustion may comprise a water inlet, a power source, and an electrolyzer with at least one electrolysis transistor generating hydrogen and oxygen. The appliance may also comprise a gas handling unit for collecting the output of the electrolyzer and transporting it to a burner, and an output interface.
Claims 1. An appliance for providing gas for combustion, comprising: a water inlet; a power source; an electrolyzer comprising at least one electrolysis transistor generating hydrogen and oxygen; a gas handling unit for collecting the output of said electrolyzer and transporting said output to a burner; and an output interface. 2. The appliance of claim 1, wherein said at least one electrolysis transistor further comprises: a neutral electrolyte; one or more working electrodes for transferring charge to or from said electrolyte; and one or more gate structures for reducing the voltage necessary for electrolysis. 3. The appliance of claim 2, wherein said one or more working electrodes comprises a cathode and/or an anode. 4. The appliance of claim 1, wherein said electrolyzer comprises an array of cells of electrolysis transistors. 5. The appliance of claim 1, wherein the architecture of said at least one electrolysis transistor is used to operate at very high current density (>2 A/cm.sup.2, >4 A/cm.sup.2, >6 A/cm.sup.2) simultaneously with high efficiency (>6 A/cm.sup.2 and >50%, >4 A/cm.sup.2 and >60%, >2 A/cm.sup.2 and >70%). 6. The appliance of claim 1, wherein commingled hydrogen and oxygen are generated. 7. The appliance of claim 1, further comprising a water purification mechanism for filtering and de-ionizing the water entering the appliance. 8. The appliance of claim 1, wherein said water inlet comprises a control valve for controlling the rate of water flow through said inlet. 9. The appliance of claim 1, further comprising a water reservoir for storage and increasing the water capacity of the appliance. 10. The appliance of claim 9, wherein said reservoir comprises a water purification mechanism for filtering and de-ionizing the water in said reservoir. 11. The appliance of claim 1, wherein said power source may comprise AC (mains), an integrated AC-DC supply, a battery, a fuel cell, solar power, or various combinations thereof. 12. The appliance of claim 1, wherein at least one water conduit supplies water to each of the at least one electrolysis transistors. 13. The appliance of claim 1, wherein said output interface has at least one sub-unit comprising a gas detector and indicator, an output gas flow monitor, an additive to give visibility to flame, gas storage, a knob-controlled burner, an easy auto-shutoff control, a display, and/or a user interface. 14. The appliance of claim 1, further comprising a flame and/or gas outlet. 15. A system for providing gas for combustion, comprising: a water supply; a power source; an electrolyzer comprising an array of electrolysis transistors for generating hydrogen and oxygen; a gas handling unit for collecting the output of said electrolysis transistors; and a flame and/or gas outlet. 16. The system of claim 15, wherein on-demand generation of hydrogen and/or stoichiometric hydrogen-oxygen mixtures are incorporated to increase device safety. 17. A method for providing gas for combustion, comprising: providing a water source; providing a power source to activate an appliance; providing an electrolyzer comprising at least one electrolysis transistor generating hydrogen and oxygen; providing a unit for collecting the gas output of said electrolyzer; and providing an output interface through which gas and/or a flame may exit an appliance. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein said electrolyzer comprises an array of cells of electrolysis transistors. 19. The method of claim 17, further comprising providing a powered, passive, or manual air compressor for pressurizing said water to allow said appliance to operate at adequate pressure. 20. The method of claim 17, further comprising providing a pressure valve to ensure gasses exit said appliance when pressure is high enough. 21. The method of claim 17, further comprising a small dead volume above said electrolyzer so only a safety valve will be actuated in the event of a flashback. 22. The method of claim 18, further comprising providing a flashback arrestor to prevent flame from entering said electrolysis cells. 23. The method of claim 17, further comprising providing a mix control module to dilute said gas output to reduce UV emission and NO.sub.x formation. 24. The method of claim 17, further comprising a nozzle array or a single nozzle for ensuring gas velocities remain higher than flame velocity. 25. The method of claim 17, further comprising providing an automatic spark igniter to light the flammable mixture of said gas when it is first ejected. 26. The method of claim 17, further comprising providing an impurity additive to said gas output to impart color to said flame. 27. The method of claim 17, further comprising providing a control module for executing a failsafe algorithm to turn off the system in case said gas is not ignited or there is a flashback. 28. The method of claim 17, further comprising providing a cell flush using air to remove any excess explosive gas mixture from said appliance before appliance is turned off. 