An aligned multiple flat mirror reflector array for concentrating sunlight onto a solar cell is disclosed. The reflector array includes a concentrating dish and a plurality of flat mirrors disposed on an inside surface of the concentrating dish, the plurality of flat mirrors being disposed and aligned on the inside surface of the concentrating dish such that sunlight impinging upon each of the plurality of flat mirrors is reflected upon the solar cell.
Claims 1. A solar reflector array for concentrating sunlight onto a solar cell comprising: a concentrating dish; and a plurality of flat mirrors disposed on an inside surface of the concentrating dish, the plurality of flat mirrors being disposed and aligned on the inside surface of the concentrating dish such that sunlight impinging upon each of the plurality of flat mirrors is reflected upon the solar cell. 2. The solar reflector array of claim 1, wherein the solar cell is disposed a distance from a center of the concentrating dish. 3. The solar reflector array of claim 1, wherein the concentrating dish is tiltable about a first axis and rotatable about a second axis perpendicular to the first axis. 4. The solar reflector array of claim 3, wherein the concentrating dish is mounted to a support frame tiltable about the first axis. 5. The solar reflector array of claim 1, wherein the concentrating dish has a parabolic profile. 6. The solar reflector array of claim 1, wherein the concentrating dish has a spherical profile. 7. A solar reflector array for concentrating sunlight onto a solar cell comprising: a concentrating dish; and a plurality of panels disposed on an inside surface of the concentrating dish, the plurality of panels being disposed and aligned on the inside surface of the concentrating dish such that sunlight impinging upon each of the plurality of panels is reflected upon the solar cell, each of the plurality of panels comprises a plurality of flat mirrors. 8. The solar reflector array of claim 7, wherein the solar cell is disposed a distance from a center of the concentrating dish. 9. The solar reflector array of claim 7, wherein the concentrating dish is tiltable about a first axis and rotatable about a second axis perpendicular to the first axis. 10. The solar reflector array of claim 9, wherein the concentrating dish is mounted to a support frame tiltable about the first axis. 11. The solar reflector array of claim 7, wherein each of the plurality of panels is adjustably mountable to a support structure comprising an inner ring and an outer ring, a first of the plurality of panels being mountable to three contact points of the inner ring, and each of the remaining plurality of panels being mountable to a contact point of the inner ring and two contact points of the outer ring. 12. The solar reflector array of claim 11, wherein the inner ring has a smaller diameter than the outer ring and the outer ring is disposed in a plane above that of the inner ring relative to a tilt axis of the concentrator dish. 13. A solar reflector array for concentrating sunlight onto a solar cell comprising: a flat concentrating platform; and a plurality of flat mirrors disposed on a surface of the flat concentrating platform, the plurality of flat mirrors being disposed and aligned on the flat surface of the concentrating platform such that sunlight impinging upon each of the plurality of flat mirrors is reflected upon the solar cell. 14. The solar reflector array of claim 13, wherein the solar cell is disposed a distance from a center of the flat concentrating platform. 15. The solar reflector array of claim 13, wherein the flat concentrating platform is tiltable about a first axis and rotatable about a second axis perpendicular to the first axis. 16. The solar reflector array of claim 15, wherein the flat concentrating platform is mounted to a support frame tiltable about the first axis. 17. A method for concentrating sunlight onto a solar cell comprising the steps of: mounting a plurality of flat mirrors on a concentrating dish; and tilting and rotating the concentrating dish about first and second axes respectively such that each of the plurality of mirrors are aligned to reflect sunlight impinging thereon upon the solar cell. 18. The method of claim 17, further comprising mounting the solar cell a distance from a center of the concentrating dish. 19. The method of claim 17, further comprising mounting the solar cell a distance roughly equal to half the diameter of the concentrating dish from a center of the concentrating dish. 20. The method of claim 17, wherein mounting the plurality of flat mirrors on the concentrating dish comprises aligning each of the plurality of flat mirrors such that incident sunlight is reflected upon the solar cell. 