The present invention relates to a glare screen for road median barriers, which is configured not only to enable the locations of median barriers to be distinguished, both at night and in bad weather, but also to enable the road traffic conditions ahead to be determined. The glare screen for road median barriers according to the present invention includes a safety guidance lamp using solar power, by which the locations of median barriers can be easily distinguished at night or in bad weather, so that safe travel can be achieved and traffic accidents can be prevented from occurring.
Claims 1. A glare screen for road median barriers, in which a safety lamp using solar power is provided, the glare screen being mounted on a corresponding median barrier installed in a central portion of a road, such as an expressway, along which vehicles travel at relatively high speeds, and blocking light from headlights of vehicles that travel in an oncoming lane, the glare screen comprising: a safety guidance lamp mounted to an upper side surface of the glare screen and constructed using a light emitting diode (LED) that is turned on or off to emit red light; a solar cell mounted to an upper side surface of the glare screen and facing upwards, converting solar energy into electrical energy, and supplying the electrical energy to the safety guidance lamp as power; a storage battery accumulating electricity generated by the solar cell; and a control unit turning on or off the LED of the safety guidance lamp. 2. The glare screen according to claim 1, further comprising: speed detection sensors mounted to respective sides of the glare screen, and configured to detect speeds of vehicles and transmit the detected speeds to the control unit as signals; and safety traveling lamps mounted to each side surface of the glare screen, and constructed using two-color LEDs, each of which is turned on or off to emit red or green light; wherein, when the speeds of the vehicles are transmitted to the control unit by the speed detection sensors as signals, the control unit performs control so that the two-color LEDs of the safety traveling lamps are turned on or off to emit red or green light. 3. The glare screen according to claim 1 or 2, further comprising an illumination detection sensor that is connected to the control unit. 4. The glare screen according to claim 1, further comprising: a protection window mounted directly on the solar cell so as to be able to slide to one side of the solar cell; a brush configured such that a circumferential portion thereof comes into direct contact with an upper surface of one end of the protection window, and configured to come into frictional contact with the protection window while operating in conjunction with rotation of a motor and to brush a top surface of the protection window while the protection window slides to one side; and a spring configured such that one end thereof is fastened to the protection window and a remaining end thereof is fastened to the glare screen, and restoring the protection window, which is slidably moved to one side by the brush. 5. A glare screen for road median barriers, in which a safety lamp using solar power is provided, the glare screen being mounted on a corresponding median barrier, installed in a central portion of a road, such as an expressway, along which vehicles travel at relatively high speeds, and blocking light from headlights of vehicles that travel in an oncoming lane, the glare screen comprising: a safety guidance lamp mounted to an upper side surface of the glare screen and constructed using a light emitting diode (LED), which is turned on or off to emit red light; first and second safety traveling lamps mounted to each side surface of the glare screen, and constructed using red LEDs and green LEDs that are turned on or off to emit red and green light; a solar cell mounted to an upper side surface of the glare screen, facing upwards, converting solar energy into electrical energy, and supplying the electrical energy to the safety guidance lamp and the first and second safety traveling lamps as power; a storage battery accumulating electricity generated by the solar cell; a control unit turning on or off the LED of the safety guidance lamp; speed detection sensors mounted to respective side surfaces of the glare screen, and configured to detect speeds of vehicles and transmit the detected speeds to the control unit as signals; and an illumination detection sensor mounted to the glare screen and transmitting brightness of surrounding light to the control unit as a signal. 6. The glare screen according to claim 5, wherein first wind guidance tunnels are formed on respective sides of the pairs of first and second safety traveling lamps so as to guide wind, which is generated by traveling vehicles, to the pairs of first and second safety traveling lamps. 7. The glare screen according to claim 5, wherein the solar cell is disposed in the upper end of the glare screen and is provided in a mounting casing, an upper surface of which is transparent, wherein the mounting casing comprises a casing main body, which is configured such that an upper portion thereof is opened and the solar cell is upwardly fixed therein, and a cover, which is air-tightly coupled to an opening part of the casing main body so as to be able to be oscillated upwards and downwards, and is made of a transparent material, wherein an oscillating cam, which is rotated by a motor and thus oscillates the cover upwards and downwards, is provided in the casing main body. 8. The glare screen according to claim 7, wherein: an upper surface of the cover is formed to protrude upwards increasing amount from both sides of the cover to a central portion of the cover to be convex, and second wind guidance tunnels are formed on a top surface of the glare screen on both sides of the cover so as to guide wind, which is generated by traveling vehicles, to the cover. 9. The glare screen according to claim 8, wherein the illumination detection sensor is mounted in the mounting casing. 