An integrated mounting pole system for communication and surveillance infrastructures includes a plurality of stackable sections, which are rotationally attached to a system cabinet of the system and one another. The sections include arms supporting antennas, video cameras, and other functional devices. A conduit and/or wiring raceway thereof coupling electronic equipment disposed in the system cabinet and the functional devices propagates through interior of the sections and the arms. The system may be disposed on a trailer and may include an autonomous source of electric power.
Claims 1. An integrated mounting pole system for communication/surveillance infrastructures, the system comprising: a mounting plate, a system cabinet disposed on the mounting plate; and a plurality of stackable sections including a base section rotationally attached to the system cabinet, a top section, and at least one middle section disposed between the base and top sections, wherein (i) each of the sections comprises at least one conical end configured for rotationally coupling to a conical end of the adjacent section, and (ii) the system cabinet and the sections are provided with openings coupling interiors thereof. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein at least one of the sections further comprises an arm configured for supporting one or more functional devices or components thereof. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein the arm and the section are connected to one another in a fixed or rotationally adjustable relationship. 4. The system of claim 2, further comprising a conduit and/or wiring raceway thereof propagating through the openings and interconnecting equipment disposed in the system cabinet and the functional devices or components thereof. 5. The system of claim 2, wherein the arm is configured to conceal portions of the conduit propagating through the arm. 6. The system of claim 2, wherein the functional devices are selected from the group consisting of communicating devices, surveillance devices, and solar devices. 7. The system of claim 2, wherein electronic components facilitating operability of the functional devices are disposed in the system cabinet. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein the openings are formed in the conical ends of the sections. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein the system cabinet comprises at least one port for cables coupling the system to an external source of electric power and/or at least one communication or surveillance network. 10. The system of claim 1, further comprising a cooling unit having a heat-exchanging element adapted for in-ground installation. 11. The system of claim 1, further including an internal or external source of electric power or both. 12. The system of claim 1, further comprising at least one of: components adapted for providing water-tightening of the system cabinet, sections, and couplings between thereof; and components adapted for securing and stabilizing the systems cabinet, sections, and couplings. 13. The system of claim 1, wherein the mounting plate comprises fasteners adapted for affixing the system to a supporting foundation. 14. The system of claim 1, further comprising a platform adapted for transporting and/or housing the system. 15. An integrated mounting pole system for communication/surveillance infrastructures, the system comprising: a mounting plate, a system cabinet disposed on the mounting plate; and a base section rotationally attached to the system cabinet, a top section, and a middle section disposed between the base and top sections, wherein (i) each of the sections comprises at least one conical end configured for rotationally coupling to a conical end of the adjacent section, (ii) at least one of the sections includes an arm connected thereto in a fixed or rotationally adjustable relationship and configured for supporting one or more functional devices or components thereof, and (iii) the system cabinet, sections, and arm are provided with openings coupling interiors thereof. 16. The system of claim 15, wherein in the sections the openings are formed in the conical ends thereof. 17. The system of claim 15, further comprising a conduit and/or wiring raceway thereof propagating through the openings and interconnecting equipment disposed in the system cabinet and the functional devices or components thereof. 18. The system of claim 15, wherein: the functional devices are selected from the group consisting of communicating devices, surveillance devices, and solar devices; the arm is configured to conceal portions of the conduit propagating through the arm; electronic components facilitating operability of the functional devices are disposed in the system cabinet; and the system cabinet comprises at least one port for cables coupling the system to an external source of electric power and/or at least one communication or surveillance network. 19. The system of claim 15, further comprising: components adapted for providing water-tightening, coupling, and stabilization of the system cabinet, sections, and couplings between thereof; a cooling unit having a heat-exchanging element adapted for in-ground installation; and fasteners adapted for affixing the system to a supporting foundation. 20. The system of claim 15, further comprising a platform adapted for transporting and/or housing the system. 