A solar energy driving rotary roasting rod device is selectively mounted to a barbecue device with a roasting rod extending across the barbecue device. The roasting device includes an upright housing from which the roasting rod extending transversely. The housing has a top to which an elevation bar forming a direction-changeable joint is mounted in an extendable manner. The direction-changeable joint mounts a light reaction casing in a rotatable manner. The housing forms an interior space receiving an electromechanical driving device, a control circuit including an actuation switch, and a rechargeable power storage device, which are electrically connected to a solar panel formed on a top face of the casing and a lighting device comprised of light-emitting diodes mounted to a side face of the casing. The electromechanical driving device has a power output socket that is exposed to receive and couple the roasting rod.
Claims 1. A solar energy driving rotary roasting rod device comprising an upright housing and a roasting rod movably coupled to the housing and extending transversely, the housing having a top to which an elevation bar forming a direction-changeable joint is mounted in an extendable manner, the direction-changeable joint mounting and supporting a light reaction casing in a rotatable manner, the housing forming an interior space receiving an electromechanical driving device, a control circuit comprising an actuation switch, and a rechargeable power storage device, which are electrically connected to a solar panel formed on a top face of the casing and a lighting device comprised of light-emitting diodes mounted to a side face of the casing, the electromechanical driving device comprising a power output socket that is exposed through a side face of the housing to receive and couple the roasting rod. 2. The solar energy driving rotary roasting rod device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the electromechanical driving device comprises a motor having an output end coupled to a reduction transmission system, which has an output side forming the power output socket exposed through the side face of the housing for receiving and coupling the roasting rod. 3. The solar energy driving rotary roasting rod device as claimed in claim 1, wherein, besides the actuation switch, the control circuit further comprises a lighting switch, a charging connector, a power supply connector, and rectification and filter circuits, and wherein the rectification and filter circuits process electrical power generated by conversion of solar energy to charge the electrical power to the power storage device. 4. The solar energy driving rotary roasting rod device as claimed in claim 3, wherein the housing comprises an open case having an opening which is firstly covered by a primary lid and further covered by a secondary panel; wherein the housing is constructed to expose the actuation switch, the lighting switch, the charging connector, and the power supply connector; and wherein the primary lid and the secondary panel respectively form through holes aligning the power output socket to expose the power output socket for receiving the roasting rod, the secondary panel forming clamping slots that are formed in a raised manner on a face of the secondary panel that is opposite to the primary lid. 5. The solar energy driving rotary roasting rod device as claimed in claim 3, wherein the housing comprises an open case having an opening which is firstly covered by a lid; wherein the housing is constructed to expose the actuation switch, the lighting switch, the charging connector, and the power supply connector; and wherein the lid forms a through hole aligning the power output socket to expose the power output socket for receiving the roasting rod. 