Methods of facilitating a party's purchase of an electricity-generating solar power system are disclosed. The methods may comprise entering into, by the lender, an agreement with the party whereby, in exchange for a payment amount paid by the lender to a seller of the solar power system, the lender owns and is to sell up to 100% of the electricity generated by the party's solar power system after installation for a contract time period defined by the agreement. The methods may also comprise paying, by the lender, the payment amount to the seller for the solar power system. The contract time period may extend, for example, until sales of the electricity by the lender after installation generate an aggregate payment amount that meets or exceeds a specified level. The contract time period or unit quantity might also be fixed. The lender may also receive renewable energy certificates and any other environmental attributes from the party.
Claims 1. A method of facilitating, by a lender, a party's purchase of an electricity-generating solar power system, the method comprising: lending, by the lender, funds to the party for the purchase and installation of the solar power system, wherein the party repays the funds to the lender with up to 100% of the electricity generated by the party's solar power system after installation for a contract time period defined by a loan agreement between the party and the lender, wherein the party owns the solar power system; and selling, by the lender, the up to 100% of the electricity generated by the solar power system after installation to the third party, wherein the selling comprises determining with a computer system the cost of the electricity delivered from the solar power system based on readings from a meter connected to the solar power system that measures electricity delivered by the solar power system. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the selling further comprises tracking an amount of electricity sold to the third party with the computer system based on readings from the meter connected to the solar power system. 3. The method of claim 1, further comprising entering into, by the lender, a supply agreement with a third party for the lender to supply electricity generated by the solar power system for the contract time period. 4. The method of claim 3, wherein the lender is has market-based rate authority from FERC. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein lending the funds to the party comprises at least one action selected from the group consisting of paying the funds directly to one or more sellers of the solar power system, and paying the funds directly to the party. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein the third party is an electric utility. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein the supply agreement specifies that the price for the electricity sold by the lender to the third party is based on a prevailing electricity rate charged by the electric utility to the homeowner. 8. The method of claim 6, wherein: the party is a homeowner; and the solar power system is for installation in the homeowner's home. 9. The method of claim 8, further comprising paying, by the lender, the funds to a solar integrator that sells and installs the solar power system at the homeowner's home. 10. The method of claim 9, wherein during the contract time period, the electric utility sells electricity to the homeowner from at least one of the electricity purchased from the lender and an electrical power grid. 11. The method of claim 1, wherein the contract time period extends for at least one period selected from the group consisting of a specified period of time, a period of time until the lender has sold a specified quantity of electricity, and a period of time until the lender sells enough electricity from the solar power system to reach a specified aggregate payment level. 12. The method of claim 1, wherein the funds paid by the lender are less than the full retail price of the solar power system. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein the funds amount paid by the lender are a discounted retail price less an incentive payment amount. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein the specified aggregate payment level corresponds to the full retail price of the solar power system less the incentive payment. 15. The method of claim 1, wherein the solar power system comprises photovoltaic modules. 16. The method of claim 1, wherein the party is required to transfer renewable energy environmental attributes associated with the solar electric system's electricity generation during the contract time period. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein the renewable energy environmental attributes comprise at least one of renewable energy certificates and carbon credits. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein the party is required to transfer all of the renewable energy certificates earned by the party during the contract time period to the lender. 19. The method of claim 16, further comprising at least one of selling, by the lender, the transferred renewable energy environmental attributes and using, by the lender, the transferred renewable energy environmental attributes. 20. The method of claim 1, wherein the party repays the funds to the lender with interest. 21. A system for facilitating a party's purchase of an electricity-generating solar power system, the system comprising: a processor; a communication device coupled to the processor and adapted to communicate via a communications network; a storage device in communication with the processor and storing instructions adapted to be executed by the processor to: calculate a contract time period, wherein, in return for a payment amount funding all or a portion of a party's purchase and installation of the solar power system, up to 100% of the electricity generated by the solar power system during the contract time period accrues to the lender, and wherein the party owns the solar power system; and determine the cost of electricity delivered from the solar power system and to be sold by the lender to a third party, wherein determining the cost of the electricity comprises considering readings from a meter connected to the solar power system that measures electricity delivered by the solar power system. 22. The system of claim 21, wherein calculating the contract time period comprises at least one action selected from the group consisting of retrieving a predetermined amount of time; monitoring whether the lender has sold a specified quantity of electricity; and monitoring whether the lender has sold enough electricity from the solar power system to reach a specified aggregate payment level. 23. A method of facilitating, by a lender, a party's purchase of an electricity-generating solar power system, the method comprising: selling, by the lender, the solar power system to the party pursuant to an agreement, whereby, in exchange for the solar power system, the lender owns up to 100% of the electricity generated by the solar power system after installation for a contract time period defined by the agreement, wherein the party owns the solar power system upon the party's purchase; and causing the solar power system to be installed at a property of the party. 24. The method of claim 23, further comprising selling, by the lender, the up to 100% of the electricity generated by the solar power system after installation to the third party, wherein the selling comprises determining with a computer system the cost of the electricity delivered from the solar power system based on readings from a meter connected to the solar power system that measures electricity delivered by the solar power system and tracking, with the computer system, electricity sales to the third party. 25. The method of claim 23, wherein the third party is an electric utility. 26. The method of claim 23, further comprising entering into, by the lender, a supply agreement with a third party for the lender to supply electricity generated by the solar power system for the contract time period. 27. The method of claim 26, further comprising paying, by the lender, for installation of the solar power system. 28. The method of claim 23, further comprising calculating the contract time period with a computer, wherein the calculating comprises at least one of retrieving a specified period of time, determining whether the lender has sold a specified quantity of electricity, and determining whether the lender has sold enough electricity from the solar power system to reach a specified aggregate payment level. 29. The method of claim 23, wherein the agreement between the party and the lender requires the party to transfer renewable energy environmental attributes earned by the party during the contract time period to the lender. 30. The method of claim 29, further comprising tracking, with a computer system, the creation of renewable energy environmental attributes based on readings received from a meter connected to the solar power system. 31. The method of claim 29, wherein the renewable energy environmental attributes comprise at least one of renewable energy certificates and carbon credits. 32. The method of claim 29, further comprising at least one of selling, by the lender, the transferred renewable energy environmental attributes, and using, by the lender, the transferred renewable energy environmental attributes. 33. A system for facilitating a party's purchase of an electricity-generating solar power system, the system comprising: a processor; a communication device coupled to the processor and adapted to communicate via a communications network; a storage device in communication with the processor and storing instructions adapted to be executed by the processor to: calculate a purchase price at which a lender will sell the solar power system to the party; calculate a contract time period, wherein, in return for a payment amount the solar power system to the party, up to 100% of the electricity generated by the solar power system during the contract time period accrues to the lender, and wherein the party owns the solar power system upon the party's purchase; and determine the cost of electricity delivered from the solar power system and to be sold by the lender to a third party, wherein determining the cost of the electricity comprises considering readings from a meter connected to the solar power system that measures electricity delivered by the solar power system. 34. The system of claim 33, wherein the storage device further comprises instructions adapted to be executed by the processor to track electricity sold to the third party. 35. The system of claim 33, wherein calculating the contract time period comprises at least one action selected from the group consisting of retrieving a predetermined amount of time; monitoring whether the lender has sold a specified quantity of electricity; and monitoring whether the lender has sold enough electricity from the solar power system to reach a specified aggregate payment level. 36. The system of claim 33, wherein the purchase price is less than a full retail price of the solar power system. 37. The system of claim 36, wherein the purchase price is a full retail price less an incentive payment amount. 38. A method comprising: financing, by a lender, the purchase by a plurality of parties of electricity-generating solar power systems wherein the parties own their respective solar power system, and wherein the lender owns and is to sell up to 100% of the electricity generated by the parties' solar power systems after installation for a contract time period defined by a financing agreement with each party respectively, and wherein, pursuant to the financing agreements, the parties are to transfer renewable energy environmental attributes earned by the parties to the lender; tracking, with a computer system, the creation of energy environmental attributes earned by the parties, wherein the tracking comprises, for each of the plurality of parties, determining with a computer system the energy environmental attributes derived from the respective solar power system based on readings from a meter connected to the respective solar power system; aggregating, by the lender, the renewable energy environmental attributes transferred by the parties; and by the lender, at least one of selling the aggregated renewable energy environmental attributes and using the aggregated renewable energy environmental attributes 39. The method of claim 38, wherein the renewable energy environmental attributes comprise at least one of renewable energy certificates and carbon credits. 40. A system for facilitating a party's purchase of an electricity-generating solar power system, the system comprising: a processor; a communication device coupled to the processor and adapted to communicate via a communications network; a storage device in communication with the processor and storing instructions adapted to be executed by the processor to: for each of a plurality of parties, calculate a contract time period, wherein, in return for a payment amount funding all or a portion of the party's purchase and installation of the solar power system, up to 100% of the electricity generated by the solar power system during the contract time period accrues to the lender, wherein the party owns the solar power system, and wherein the parties are obligated to transfer renewable energy environmental attributes earned by the parties to the lender; and aggregate the renewable energy environmental attributes transferred by the parties for sale. 41. The system of claim 40, wherein the instructions are further adapted to be executed by the processor to determine with a computer system the cost of the electricity delivered from the solar power systems and to be sold to a third party based on readings from a meter connected to the respective solar power systems that measures electricity delivered by the respective solar power systems. 42. A method of facilitating, by a lender, a property owner's purchase of an electricity-generating solar power system, the method comprising: entering into, by the lender, an agreement with the property owner, whereby in exchange for a payment amount paid by the lender for the solar power system, the lender owns and is to sell at least a portion of the electricity generated by the solar power system for a contract time period defined by the agreement, wherein the lender owns a first property interest in the solar power system; and selling, by the lender, at least the portion of the electricity generated by the solar power system to a third party for the contract time period, wherein the selling comprises determining with a computer system the cost of the electricity delivered from the solar power system based on readings from a meter connected to the solar power system that measures electricity delivered by the solar power system. 43. The method of claim 42, further comprising tracking, with the computer system, sales of electricity to the third party based on readings from the meter. 44. The method of claim 42, wherein the first property interest is full ownership of the solar power system. 45. The method of claim 44, wherein at the expiration of the contract time period, the property owner owns and is to sell to the third party at least the portion of the electricity generated by the solar power system. 46. The method of claim 45, wherein the property owner is required to transfer to the lender renewable energy environmental attributes earned by the property owner after the expiration of the contract time period. 47. The method of claim 45, wherein renewable energy environmental attributes earned by the lender after the expiration of the contract time period are retained by the lender. 48. The method of claim 42, wherein the property owner owns a second property interest in the solar power system. 49. The method of claim 48, wherein the second property interest is a future interest vesting upon at least one occurrence selected from the group consisting of: an expiration of the contract time period; an election by the party; and an election by the lender. 50. The method of claim 42, wherein the first property right is an easement terminating at an expiration of the contract time period. 51. The method of claim 42, wherein the property owner is required to transfer renewable energy environmental attributes earned by the property owner to the lender during the contract time period. 52. The method of claim 51, further comprising selling, by the lender, the renewable energy environmental attributes. 53. The method of claim 51, wherein the renewable energy environmental attributes comprise at least one of renewable energy certificates and carbon credits. 54. The method of claim 42, wherein the property owner is required to transfer at least one governmental incentive to the lender. 55. The method of claim 42, wherein at least one governmental incentive accrues to the lender. 56. The method of claim 42, wherein the lender also owns an easement to a property of the property owner on which the solar power system is installed, wherein the easement to the property of the property owner allows the lender to access the solar power system. 57. The method of claim 42, wherein the payment amount paid by the lender is for the solar power system and its installation. 58. The method of claim 42, wherein paying the payment amount comprises directly paying the payment amount to at least one of a seller of the solar power system and/or an installer of the solar power system. 59. The method of claim 42, wherein selling electricity generated by the solar power system comprises determining with a computer system the cost of electricity delivered from the solar power system based on readings from a meter in communication with the solar power system that measures electricity generated by the solar power system. 60. The method of claim 42, wherein the third party is an electric utility. 61. The method of claim 42, wherein: the property owner is a homeowner; and the solar power system is for installation at the homeowner's home. 62. The method of claim 42, wherein: the property owner is a landlord; and the solar power system is for installation at a rental property of the landlord. 63. The method of claim 42, wherein the solar power system is for installation at a commercial property of the property owner. 64. The method of claim 42, wherein the contract time period extends for at least one period selected from the group consisting of a specified period set forth in the agreement, a period extending until the lender has sold a specified quantity of electricity, and a period extending until the lender sells enough electricity from the solar power system to reach a specified aggregate payment level. 