A multijunction solar cell including a first solar subcell having a first band gap; a second solar subcell disposed over the first subcell and having a second band gap smaller than the first band gap; a grading interlayer disposed over the second subcell and having a third band gap greater than the second band gap; a third solar subcell disposed over the interlayer that is lattice mismatched with respect to the middle subcell and having a fourth band gap smaller than the second band gap; and either a thin (approximately 2-6 mil) substrate and/or a rigid coverglass supporting the first, second, and third solar subcells.
Claims 1. A method of manufacturing a solar cell comprising: providing a first substrate; depositing on a first substrate a sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming a solar cell; mounting a surrogate substrate on top of the sequence of layers; removing the first substrate; and thinning the surrogate substrate to a predetermined thickness. 2. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein the sequence of layers of semiconductor material forms a triple junction solar cell, including first, second and third solar subcells. 3. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein the mounting step includes adhering the solar cell to the surrogate substrate. 4. A method as defined in claim 3, wherein the surrogate substrate is a sapphire wafer. 5. A method as defined in claim 3, wherein the thinning of said surrogate substrate is done by grinding, lapping, or etching. 6. A method as defined in claim 5, further comprising depositing a metal contact layer over said sequence of semiconductor layers, and mounting said surrogate substrate on top of said metal contact layer. 7. A method as defined in claim 6, further comprising etching an opening through said layers of semiconductor material to the top of said metal contact layer. 8. A method as defined in claim 7, further comprising welding an electrical conductor to said metal contact layer to form an electrical contact to said solar cell. 9. A method as defined in claim 8, wherein said electrical conductor makes an electrical connection to an adjacent solar cell. 10. A method as defined in claim 3, wherein said surrogate substrate is electrically conductive and said substrate forms an electrical contact to said solar cell. 11. A method as defined in claim 1, further comprising attaching said solar cell to a glass supporting member. 12. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein said step of depositing a sequence of layers of semiconductor material includes forming a first solar subcell on said substrate having a first band gap; forming a second solar subcell over said first subcell having a second band gap smaller than said first band gap; forming a grading interlayer over said second subcell having a third band gap larger than said second band gap; forming a third solar subcell having a fourth band gap smaller than said second band gap such that said third subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to said second subcell. 13. A method of manufacturing a solar cell as defined in claim 1, wherein said first substrate is composed of GaAs. 14. A method of manufacturing a solar cell as defined in claim 2, wherein said first solar subcell is composed of an InGa(Al)P emitter region and an InGa(Al)P base region. 15. A method as defined in claim 2, wherein said second solar subcell is composed of an InGaP emitter region and a GaAs base region. 16. A method as defined in claim 2, wherein said third solar subcell is composed of InGaAs. 17. A method of manufacturing a solar cell comprising: providing a first substrate; depositing on a first substrate a sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming a solar cell; mounting a surrogate substrate on top of the sequence of layers; removing the first substrate; mounting the solar cell on a rigid coverglass; and removing the surrogate substrate. 18. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein the sequence of layers of semiconductor material forms a triple junction solar cell, including first, second and third solar subcells. 19. A method as defined in claim 17, wherein the mounting step includes adhering the solar cell to the surrogate substrate. 20. A method as defined in claim 17, wherein the surrogate substrate is a sapphire wafer. 21. A method as defined in claim 17, wherein the removing said surrogate substrate is done by grinding, lapping, or etching. 22. A method as defined in claim 17, further comprising depositing a metal contact layer over said sequence of semiconductor layers, and mounting said surrogate substrate on top of said metal contact layer. 23. A method as defined in claim 17, wherein said step of depositing a sequence of layers of semiconductor material includes forming a first solar subcell on said substrate having a first band gap; forming a second solar subcell over said first subcell having a second band gap smaller than said first band gap; forming a grading interlayer over said second subcell having a third band gap larger than said second band gap; forming a third solar subcell having a fourth band gap smaller than said second band gap such that said third subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to said second subcell. 24. A method of manufacturing a solar cell as defined in claim 17, wherein said first substrate is composed of GaAs. 25. A method of manufacturing a solar cell as defined in claim 18, wherein said first solar subcell is composed of an InGa(Al)P emitter region and an InGa(Al)P base region. 26. A method as defined in claim 18, wherein said second solar subcell is composed of an InGaP emitter region and an GaAs base region. 27. A method as defined in claim 18, wherein said third solar subcell is composed of InGaAs. 28. A multijunction solar cell comprising: a first solar subcell having a first band gap; a second solar subcell disposed over said first subcell and having a second band gap smaller than said first band gap; a grading interlayer disposed over said second subcell and having a third band gap greater than said second band gap; a third solar subcell disposed over said interlayer that is lattice mismatched with respect to said middle subcell and having a fourth band gap smaller than said second band gap; and a rigid coverglass supporting said first, second, and third solar subcells. 29. A multifunction solar cell as defined in claim 28, wherein the first solar subcell is the top cell and is composed of InGa(Al)P. 30. A multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 28, wherein the second solar subcell is composed of InGaP and In.sub.0.015GaAs. 31. A multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 28, wherein the grading interlayer is composed of InGaAlAs. 32. A multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 28, wherein the third solar subcell is composed of In.sub.0.30GaAs. 33. A multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 28, wherein the grading interlayer is composed of In.sub.xGa.sub.1-xAl As with x such that the band gap remains constant at 1.50 eV. 34. A multijunction solar cell comprising: a first solar subcell constituting a top cell having a first band gap; a second solar subcell disposed over said first subcell and having a second band gap smaller than said first band gap; a grading interlayer disposed over said second subcell and having a third band gap greater than said second band gap; a third solar subcell disposed over said interlayer that is lattice-mis-matched with respect to said middle subcell and having a fourth band gap smaller than said second band gap; and a substrate having a thickness of approximately 2 to 6 mils mounted adjacent to said third solar subcell. 35. A multifunction solar cell as defined in claim 34, wherein the substrate is selected from the group consisting of germanium or GaAs. 36. A multifunction solar cell as defined in claim 34, wherein the first solar subcell is composed of InGa(Al)P. 37. A multifunction solar cell as defined in claim 34, wherein the second solar subcell is composed of InGaP and In.sub.0.015GaAs. 38. A multifunction solar cell as defined in claim 34, wherein the grading interlayer is composed of InGaAlAs. 39. A multifunction solar cell as defined in claim 34, wherein the third solar subcell is composed of In.sub.0.30GaAs. 40. A multifunction solar cell as defined in claim 34, wherein the grading interlayer is composed of In.sub.xGa.sub.1-xAlAs with x such that the band gap remains constant at 1.50 eV. 41. A solar cell arrangement comprising: a first solar cell including: a first solar subcell having a first band gap; a second solar subcell disposed over said first subcell and having a second band gap smaller than said first band gap; a grading interlayer disposed over said second subcell and having a third band gap greater than said second band gap; a third solar subcell disposed over said interlayer that is lattice-mis-matched with respect to said middle subcell and having a fourth band gap smaller than said second band gap; a metal contact layer disposed over said third solar subcell; and a second solar cell including: a first solar subcell having a first band gap; a second solar subcell disposed over said first subcell and having a second band gap smaller than said first band gap; a grading interlayer disposed over said second subcell and having a third band gap greater than said second band gap; a third solar subcell disposed over said interlayer that is lattice-mis-matched with respect to said middle subcell and having a fourth band gap smaller than said second band gap; a metal contact layer disposed over said third solar subcell; and a conductor bonded to said metal contact layer of said first solar cell for making electrical contact between said first solar cell and the first solar subcell of said second solar cell. 42. A multifunction solar cell as defined in claim 41, wherein the first solar subcell is a top cell as is composed of InGa(Al)P. 43. A multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 41, wherein the second solar subcell is composed of InGaP and In.sub.0.015GaAs. 44. A multifunction solar cell as defined in claim 41, wherein the grading interlayer is composed of InGaAlAs. 45. A multifunction solar cell as defined in claim 41, wherein the third solar subcell is composed of In.sub.0.30GaAs. 46. A multifunction solar cell as defined in claim 41, wherein the grading interlayer is composed of In.sub.xGa.sub.1-xAlAs with x such that the band gap remains constant at 1.50 eV. 