The present invention generally relates to an automated thermal processing module that is used perform a lamination process that is used to isolate the active regions of a solar cell from the external environment. One embodiment of the present invention provides an apparatus for bonding a composite solar cell structure comprising a conveyer system configured to transfer and support the composite solar cell structure, a preheat module disposed along the conveyer system, a lamination module disposed along the conveyer system, and a system controller adapted to control the preheat module and the lamination module.
Claims 1. An apparatus for bonding a composite solar cell structure, comprising: a conveyer system configured to transfer and support the composite solar cell structure; a preheat module disposed along the conveyer system, wherein the preheat module is configured to receive the composite solar cell structure from the conveyer system and to heat the composite solar cell structure to a desired temperature, wherein the preheat module comprises: a plurality of supporting rollers configured to support and transfer the composite solar cell structure through a preheat processing region; one or more top preheat heating elements disposed over the plurality of supporting rollers and configured to heat an upper side of the composite solar cell structure disposed on the plurality of supporting rollers; one or more bottom preheat heating elements disposed under the plurality of supporting rollers and configured to heat a lower side of the composite solar cell structure disposed on the plurality of supporting rollers; one or more top preheat temperature sensors disposed over the plurality of supporting rollers and is adapted to measure the temperature of the composite solar cell structure as it is transferred through the through a processing region; one or more bottom preheat temperature sensors disposed under the plurality of supporting rollers and is adapted to measure the temperature of the composite solar cell structure as it is transferred through the through the processing region; and a pair of compression rollers configured to apply a force to the composite solar cell structure from opposite sides; a lamination module disposed along the conveyer system, wherein the lamination module is configured to receive the composite solar cell structure from the conveyer system and to bond the composite solar cell structure by heating, wherein the lamination module comprises: a plurality of supporting rollers configured to support and transfer the composite solar cell structure through a lamination processing region; one or more top lamination heating elements disposed over the plurality of supporting rollers and configured to heat an upper side of the composite solar cell structure disposed on the plurality of supporting rollers; one or more bottom lamination heating elements disposed under the plurality of supporting rollers and configured to heat a lower side of the composite solar cell structure disposed on the plurality of supporting rollers; one or more top lamination temperature sensors disposed over the plurality of supporting rollers and is adapted to measure the temperature of the composite solar cell structure as it is transferred through the through a processing region; one or more bottom lamination temperature sensors disposed under the plurality of supporting rollers and is adapted to measure the temperature of the composite solar cell structure as it is transferred through the through the lamination processing region; and a pair of compression rollers configured to apply a force to the composite solar cell structure from opposite sides; and a system controller that is configured to receive a signal from the one or more top preheat temperature sensors, the one or more bottom preheat temperature sensors, the one or more top lamination temperature sensors, and the one or more bottom lamination temperature sensors, and adjust the power delivered to the one or more top preheat heating elements, the one or more bottom preheat heating elements, the one or more top lamination heating elements, and the one or more bottom lamination heating elements based on the received signals. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the conveyer system comprises a plurality of supporting rollers configured to transfer the composite solar cell structure along a linear path that enters the preheat module, exits the preheat module, enters the lamination module, then exits the lamination module. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the preheat module comprises one or more walls that enclose the preheat processing region, and an exit port formed in the one or more walls, and the lamination module comprises one or more walls that enclose the lamination processing region, and an inlet port formed in the one or more walls, wherein the exit port is positioned adjacent to the inlet port. 4. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein the one or more top heating elements and the one or more bottom heating elements in the preheat module and the lamination module are an infrared lamp or a resistive heating element controlled by the system controller. 5. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein the system controller is configured to adjust a duty cycle of the one or more top heating elements and the one or more bottom heating elements. 6. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein at least one of the one or more top heating elements is independently controlled, and at least one of the one or more bottom heating elements is independently controlled. 7. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein the at least one of the one or more top heating elements and the at least one of the one or more bottom heating elements are controlled by using one or more thyristors. 8. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein each of the preheat module and the lamination module further comprises: one or more temperature sensors configured to measure temperature of the composite solar cell structure, wherein the one or more temperature sensors are connected to the system controller which is configured to control at least one of the one or more top heating element and the one or more bottom heating elements. 9. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the one or more temperature sensors comprises an upper temperature sensor configured to measure the temperature at the upper side of the composite solar cell structure; and a lower temperature sensor configured to measure the temperature at the lower side of the composite solar cell structure. 10. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein each of the preheat module and the lamination module further comprises: a fluid delivery system configured to deliver a desired flow of a fluid to the processing region. 11. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein the fluid delivery system comprises a fan adapted to deliver a desired flow of air across one or more surfaces of the composite solar cell structure in the processing region. 12. A method for forming solar cells, comprising: preparing composite solar cell structures, wherein preparing composite solar cell structure comprises: placing a bonding material over a device substrate having solar cell devices formed thereon; and placing a back glass substrate over the bonding material and the device substrate; moving the composite solar cell structures sequentially through a processing region of a preheat module while preheating the composite solar cell structures in the processing region, wherein preheating the composite solar cell structures in the preheating module comprises actively controlling temperature of the composite solar cell structures; and applying a force to the composite solar cell structures to distribute the bonding material between each back glass substrate and the corresponding device substrate; and moving the composite solar cell structures through a processing region of a lamination module while bonding each back glass substrate to the corresponding device substrate, wherein bonding each back glass substrate to the corresponding device substrate comprises actively controlling temperature of the composite solar cell structures. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein actively controlling temperature of the composite solar cell structures in preheating and bonding the composite solar structures comprises: heating the composite solar cell structures using one or more top heating element disposed in processing region over the composite solar cell structure and one or more bottom heating element disposed in the processing region under the composite solar cell structure; monitoring temperature of the composite solar cell structure closest to the one or more top heating elements and one or more bottom heating element; and adjusting power delivered to at least one of the one or more top heating elements or the one or more bottom heating elements. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein monitoring temperature of the composite solar cell structure comprises measuring the temperature of the composite solar cell structure at multiple points along its length. 15. The method of claim 13, wherein monitoring temperature of the composite solar cell structure comprises: monitoring and storing multiple temperature measurements; and creating a rolling average from the multiple temperature measurements. 16. The method of claim 13, wherein adjusting the power delivered to the at least one of the one or more top heating elements or the one or more bottom heating elements comprises independently controlling a top heating element in a central position and a bottom heating element in a central position by using thrystors. 17. The method of claim 13, wherein adjusting the power delivered to the at least one of the one or more top heating elements or the one or more bottom heating elements comprises controlling a duty cycle of the at least one heating elements. 18. The method of claim 13, wherein actively controlling temperature of the composite solar cell structures further comprises delivering a flow of fluid to the processing regions of the preheat module and the lamination region. 19. The method of claim 12, further comprising applying a compressive force to the composite solar cell structure after moving the composite solar cell structure through the processing region of the lamination module. 20. The method of claim 12, wherein the compressive force is applied using a pair of compression rollers. 21. The method of claim 20, wherein the compressive force from the pair of compression rollers is between about 200 N per centimeter to about 600 N per centimeter. 22. The method of claim 12, wherein preheating the composite solar cell structures comprises setting a preheating temperature of the preheat module in a range between about 40.degree. C. to about 60.degree. C. 23. The method of claim 20, wherein bonding each back glass substrate to the corresponding device substrate comprises setting a bonding temperature of the lamination module in a range between about 70.degree. C. to about 105.degree. C. 