An apparatus for networking solar tracking devices 32. The system includes one or more solar tracking devices 32, each comprising tracking controller 16. Tracking controllers 16 form wireless mesh communications network 18 managed by network manager 14. Tracking controller 16 receives operating data from and sends monitoring data to host computer 10. This operation and monitoring data travels across wireless communications network 18. Host computer 10 connects to wireless mesh communications network 18 either directly or via any communication channel 12 connected to any node on wireless mesh communications network 18.
Claims 1. An apparatus for wireless mesh networking of solar tracking devices, the apparatus comprising: a plurality of solar tracking devices, each comprising a tracking controller; each of said tracking controllers comprising a radio frequency transceiver module and having a radio communications link with at least one other of said tracking controllers; a network manager comprising a radio frequency transceiver module, having a radio communications link with at least one of said tracking controllers, said network manager serving to organize and maintain a wireless mesh communication network comprising said network manager and said tracking controllers; a host computer responsible for operating said tracking controllers; a communication channel connecting said host computer to one device of said wireless mesh communication network; wherein operation data sent by said host computer to said tracking controller travels across said wireless mesh communication network. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said operation data comprises the absolute latitude and longitude of said tracking controller. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said operation data comprises the absolute latitude and longitude of the site in combination with the relative latitude and longitude of said tracking controller. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said operation data comprises the date and time. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said operation data comprises environmental conditions relevant to said solar tracking devices. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said operation data comprise an executable program for said tracking controllers. 7. An apparatus for wireless mesh networking of solar tracking devices, the apparatus comprising: a plurality of solar tracking devices, each comprising a tracking controller; each of said tracking controllers comprising a radio frequency transceiver module and having a radio communications link with at least one other of said tracking controllers; a network manager comprising a radio frequency transceiver module, having a radio communications link with at least one of said tracking controllers, said network manager serving to organize and maintain a wireless mesh communication network comprising said network manager and said tracking controllers; a host computer responsible for monitoring said tracking controllers; a communication channel connecting said host computer to one device of said wireless mesh communication network; wherein monitoring data sent by said tracking controllers to said host computer travels across said wireless mesh communication network. 8. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein said monitoring data comprises measurements of the performance of said tracking devices. 9. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein said monitoring data comprises measurements of the performance of said tracking payloads. 10. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein said monitoring data comprises status information for any combination of actuators, sensors, and algorithms comprising said tracking devices. 