A solar tracker system and method for making are disclosed. The system may comprise a solar panel array assembly having at least two attachments, a support anchor assembly for attaching to a surface and having at least two attachments, and a support structure including a plurality of elongated support rods for securing the array assembly above the support anchor assembly. Each support rod may be attached at one end to one of the attachments of the solar panel array and attached at the other end to one of the attachments of the support anchor assembly.
Claims 1. A solar tracker system for mounting on a surface, comprising; a solar panel array assembly having at least two attachments; a support anchor assembly for attaching to the surface and having at least two attachments; a support structure including a plurality of elongated support rods for securing the array assembly above the support anchor assembly, each support rod attached at one end to one of the attachments of the solar panel array and attached at the other end to one of the attachments of the support anchor assembly, wherein the number of support rods connected to each attachment of the solar panel array assembly equals the number of attachments of the support anchor assembly, and the number of support rods connected to each attachment of the support anchor assembly equals the number of attachments of the solar panel assembly. 2. The solar tracker system according to claim 1, wherein the solar panel array includes one or more solar panels for collecting solar radiation. 3. The solar tracker system according to claim 1, wherein the support structure is configured like a tetrahedral. 4. The solar tracker system according to claim 1, wherein the solar panel array assembly includes at least one rotating support. 5. The solar tracker system according to claim 1, wherein the support anchor assembly includes a rotating support. 6. The solar tracker system according to claim 5, wherein the support anchor assembly includes a support beam attached to the surface and an anchor attached to the surface with the rotating support attached at one end to the support beam and at the other end to the anchor. 7. The solar tracker system according to claim 1, further comprising two rotatable supports. 8. The solar tracker system according to claim 7, wherein each of the rotatable supports includes a gear section. 9. The solar tracker system according to claim 8, further comprising a pair of motors, each motor adapted to drive one of the gear sections. 10. The solar tracker system according to claim 9, further comprising a controller adapted for controlling the motors capable of driving the gear sections. 11. A solar tracker system for mounting on a surface, comprising: a solar panel array assembly having at least two attachments; at least three anchors for attaching to the surface; a support structure including a plurality of elongated support rods for securing the array assembly above the support anchor assembly, each support rod attached at one end to one of the attachments of the solar panel array and attached at the other end to one of the anchors, wherein the number of support rods connected to each attachment of the solar panel array assembly equals the number of anchors, and the number of support rods connected to each anchors equals the number of attachments of the solar panel assembly. 12. The solar tracker system according to claim 11, wherein the solar panel array includes one or more solar panels for collecting solar radiation. 13. The solar tracker system according to claim 11, wherein each pair of support rods attached to the same anchor forms a V-shape in connecting to the solar panel array assembly. 14. The solar tracker system according to claim 11, wherein the solar panel array assembly includes a first rotating support disposed adjacent to the solar panels and a second rotating support disposed adjacent to the support structure. 15. The solar tracker system according to claim 14, wherein the first rotating support provides an altitude adjustment for tracking the sun's position throughout the year. 16. The solar tracker system according to claim 14, wherein the second rotating support provides an azimuth adjustment for tracking the sun's position throughout the day. 17. The solar tracker system according to claim 14, further comprising a pair of motors, each motor adapted to rotate one of the rotating supports. 18. The solar tracker system according to claim 14, further comprising a controller for controlling the motors adapted to rotate the rotating supports. 19. The solar tracker system according to claim 11, wherein the anchors are adapted to attach to the top of a structure. 20. The solar tracker system according to claim 11, wherein the anchor is a helical screw anchor for attaching to the ground. 21. A solar tracker system for mounting on a surface, comprising; a solar panel array assembly having a rotating support; a support anchor assembly for attaching to the surface and having a rotating support; a support structure disposed between the rotating support of the solar panel array assembly and the rotating support of the support anchor assembly, the support structure including a plurality of elongated support rods configured in the shape of a tetrahedron for securing the array assembly above the support anchor assembly. 22. The solar tracker system according to claim 21, wherein the rotating support of the solar panel array provides an altitude adjustment for tracking the sun's position throughout the year. 23. The solar tracker system according to claim 21, wherein the rotating support of the support anchor assembly provides an azimuth adjustment for tracking the sun's position throughout the day. 24. A solar tracker system for mounting to a surface, comprising: a support structure anchored to the surface; a solar panel array assembly moveably mounted to the support structure on two axes of rotation; the support structure including a first rotating support for one of the two axes of rotation; and the solar panel array assembly including a second rotating support for the other one of the two axes of rotation. 25. The solar tracker system according to claim 24, wherein each of the rotatable supports includes a gear section. 26. The solar tracker system according to claim 25, further comprising a pair of motors, each motor adapted to drive one of the gear sections. 27. The solar tracker system according to claim 26, further comprising a controller adapted for controlling the motors capable of driving the gear sections. 28. A solar tracker system for mounting to an anchor in a surface, comprising: a support structure having at least three legs; a solar panel array assembly mounted to the support structure; an anchoring point disposed on the support structure and adapted for attaching to the anchor in the surface; a connector for attaching the anchoring point to the anchor. 29. The solar tracker system according to claim 28, wherein the connector includes a cable. 30. The solar tracker system according to claim 28, wherein the connector includes a tightening device. 31. The solar tracker system according to claim 30, wherein the tightening device includes a turnbuckle. 