A solar power plant with a plurality of photovoltaic modules for generating a power to be fed in a multi-phase grid, several photovoltaic strings, which are allocated to different phases, being connected to a primary side of a mains transformer and at least one inverter for converting the direct voltage generated by the photovoltaic modules into an alternating mains voltage conforming to the grid being provided and said mains transformer being provided with a neutral conductor and with a grounded terminal, is intended to be improved in such a manner that the life of the photovoltaic modules, in particular in case of thin-film modules, is increased, allowing for high conversion efficiency of the inverters at low wiring costs. This is achieved in that an additional direct voltage source is inserted between the neutral conductor and ground in such a manner that the potential of the photovoltaic strings is displaced and that a bias voltage is set, which is different from zero volt.
Claims 1.-11. (canceled) 12. A solar power plant having a plurality of photovoltaic modules for generating a power to be fed in a multi-phase grid, several photovoltaic strings, which are allocated to different phases, being connected to a primary side of a mains transformer and at least one inverter for converting the direct voltage generated by the photovoltaic modules into an alternating mains voltage conforming to the grid being provided and said mains transformer being provided with a neutral conductor and with a grounded terminal, wherein an additional direct voltage source is inserted between the neutral conductor and ground in such a manner that the potential of the photovoltaic strings is displaced and that a bias voltage is set which is different from zero volts. 13. A solar power plant with a plurality of photovoltaic modules for generating a power to be fed in a multi-phase grid, several photovoltaic strings, which are allocated to different phases, being connected to a primary side of a mains transformer and at least one inverter for converting the direct voltage generated by the photovoltaic modules into an alternating mains voltage conforming to the grid being provided and said mains transformer being provided with a grounded terminal, wherein an additional direct voltage source is inserted between one of the phases and ground in such a manner that the potential of the photovoltaic strings is displaced and that a bias voltage is set, which is different from zero volt. 14. The solar power plant as set forth in claim 12, wherein a current monitoring device of the additional direct voltage source for detecting ground faults is connected. 15. The solar power plant as set forth in claim 12, wherein the photovoltaic modules are configured to be thin-filmmodules. 16. The solar power plant as set forth in claim 12, wherein each inverter is implemented as a transformerless inverter. 17. The solar power plant as set forth in claim 12, wherein an inverter is utilized for each phase. 18. The solar power plant as set forth in claim 12, wherein each inverter is connected to the transformer via switches. 19. The solar power plant as set forth in claim 18, wherein at least one contactor is utilized as the switch. 20. The solar power plant as set forth in claim 12, wherein a primary side of the transformer is star-connected, a midpoint of the transformer being connected to a neutral conductor. 21. The solar power plant as set forth in claim 12, wherein a primary side of the transformer has a triangular connection, the transformer being implemented without neutral conductor. 22. The solar power plant as set forth in claim 12, wherein windings of a secondary side of the transformer have a triangular connection. 