The present invention provides for an information apparatus for a trolley, comprising: display means for displaying information to a user; control means; a power source; and a user interface for allowing a user to input data, wherein said information apparatus is arranged for location within a handle of said trolley.
Claims 1. An information apparatus for a trolley, comprising: display means for displaying information to a user; control means; a power source; a user interface for allowing a user to input data; and a receiver for receiving data wirelessly over a communication network from a central server, wherein said information apparatus is arranged for location within a handle of said trolley. 2. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said display means is arranged to display information based upon data received via said receiver from said central server. 3. The apparatus according to claim 2, wherein said data received via said receiver from said central server is displayed on said display means when a trolley in which the apparatus is located is at particular locations in an environment where the trolley operates. 4. The apparatus according to claim 3, wherein said user interface comprises a keypad allowing input of data by a user. 5. The apparatus according to claim 4, wherein said power source comprises a rechargeable cell. 6. The apparatus according to claim 5, further comprising a solar cell coupled to said rechargeable cell and arranged to recharge said rechargeable cell. 7. The apparatus according to claim 6, wherein said solar cell is arranged for location within said handle of said trolley. 8. The apparatus according to claim 7, further comprising a dynamo coupled to said rechargeable cell and arranged to recharge said rechargeable cell. 9. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said display means comprises an organic light emitting diode display. 10. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising a vibrating means arranged to cause a handle of said trolley to vibrate. 11. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said control means comprises a processing means and a memory. 12. The apparatus according to claim 11, wherein said memory is arranged to store data relating to a particular trolley in which said apparatus is located. 13. The apparatus according to claim 12, wherein said memory is arranged to store data relating to an environment in which a trolley in which the apparatus is located operates. 14. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising a transmitter for transmitting data wirelessly over a communication network to a central server. 15. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said user interface further comprises a scanning means operable to receive printed matter input by said user and to convert information contained on said printed matter to electronic data. 16. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said apparatus is arranged to enter a standby mode during periods of inactivity, and to exit said standby mode when a user places one or more hands on a handle in which said apparatus is located and/or when a trolley in which the apparatus is located moves. 17. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said control means further comprises a GPS system operable to transmit location data to said central server to enable an operator to monitor the location of a particular trolley in which the apparatus is located. 18. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said apparatus is arranged to perform at least one of the following when a trolley in which the apparatus is located passes a boundary of an environment in which the trolley normally operates: (a) display a warning on said display means; (b) output an audible warning from said at least one speaker; and (c) cause a handle within which the apparatus is located to vibrate. 19. The apparatus according to claim 1, the apparatus further comprising: said handle for said trolley, said handle being adapted to permit said user to direct the motion of said trolley. 20. The apparatus according to claim 1, the apparatus further comprising: said trolley, said trolley having said handle. 21. The apparatus of claim 20, the apparatus further comprising: one or more of said trolleys according to claim 20; a control center comprising a central server; and a wireless communications network. 22. The apparatus of claim 21 wherein said wireless communications network comprises: a satellite link. 23. The apparatus of claim 22, the apparatus further comprising: a scanning device comprising display means, a transceiver, and a control means, wherein said scanning device is operable in conjunction with the information system in order to locate trolleys relative to a perimeter boundary of an environment in which the trolley normally operates, and to display the location of such trolleys on said display means. 24. An information apparatus for a trolley, the apparatus comprising: display means for displaying information to a user; control means; a power source; a user interface for allowing a user to input data; and a receiver for receiving data wirelessly over a communication network from a central server, said information apparatus being arranged for location within a handle of said trolley, and wherein said control means comprises a GPS system operable to transmit location data to said central server to enable an operator to monitor the location of a particular trolley in which the apparatus is located. 