Some aspects of the present invention relate to an example solar energy system that includes a solar panel and a support which is secured to the solar panel such that the support may be detached from the solar panel by manually manipulating at least one of the support and the solar panel. In some embodiments, the solar energy system further includes a clamp that secures the solar panel to the support. It should be noted that the support may be adapted to be secured to a structure that includes a roof. In some embodiments, the support may be adapted to extend through the roof in order to be secured to a portion of a structure that is below the roof. The solar energy system makes it easier to install, displace and/or remove the solar panels which form the solar energy system from the structure where the solar panels are attached.
Claims 1. A solar energy system comprising: a solar panel; and a support secured to the solar panel such that the support may be detached from the solar panel by manually manipulating at least one of the support and the solar panel. 2. The solar energy system of claim 1 wherein the support may be detached from the solar panel without using tools. 3. The solar energy system of claim 1 wherein the support may be detached from the solar panel using tools. 4. The solar energy system of claim 1 further comprising a clamp that secures the solar panel to the support. 5. The solar energy system of claim 4 wherein the clamp includes a cam that compresses the support against the solar panel such that the clamp must be rotated in order to detach the solar panel from the support. 6. The solar energy generating system of claim 5 wherein the clamp further includes a head and projection extending from the head such that the projection extends through the support and the solar panel with the cam being rotatably attached to the projection, the solar panel and the support being compressed together between the head and the cam. 7. The solar energy generating system of claim 6 wherein the solar panel includes a substantially straight member and the support includes an L-shaped bracket, the projection extending through the straight member and the L-shaped bracket such that the head and the cam compress the straight member and the L-shaped bracket together. 8. The solar energy generating system of claim 1 wherein the support is adapted to be secured to a structure that includes a roof. 9. The solar energy generating system of claim 1 wherein the support is adapted to extend through a roof to be secured to a portion of a structure that is below the roof. 10. The solar energy system of claim 1 wherein the solar panel includes an elongated member such that the elongated member may be detached from the support. 11. The solar energy system of claim 10 wherein the elongated member is integral with the solar panel. 12. The solar energy system of claim 10 wherein the elongated member is secured to the solar panel with a fastener. 13. The solar energy system of claim 10 further comprising at least one additional support that is secured to the solar panel such that each support may be detached from the solar panel. 14. The solar energy system of claim 13 wherein the solar panel includes another elongated member such that each elongated member is secured to at least one of the supports. 15. The solar energy system of claim 14 wherein one elongated member is positioned near one edge of the solar panel and the other elongated member is positioned near an opposing edge of the solar panel. 16. The solar energy system of claim 15 wherein one elongated member is rotatably attached to at least one of the supports such that the solar panel and the other elongated member may be rotated about the supports when the other elongated member is detached from the other supports. 17. The solar energy system of claim 15 wherein one elongated member is rotatably attached to the solar panel such that the solar panel may be rotated about the elongated member when the solar panel is detached from the other elongated member. 18. The solar energy generating system of claim 10 wherein the support includes an L-shaped bracket and a mounting block, the mounting block including a channel such that the elongated member is positioned within the channel, the projection extending through the L-shaped bracket, the elongated member and the mounting block such that the head and the cam compress the L-shaped bracket, the elongated member and the mounting block together. 19. The solar energy generating system of claim 10 further comprising a first clamp that secures the elongated member to the support, wherein the elongated member includes a channel such that a portion of the first clamp extends through the support and is contained within the channel. 20. The solar energy generating system of claim 19 wherein the first clamp comprises: a first U-shaped member that includes a base and a pair of arms; a second flat member; a third U-shaped member that includes a base and a pair of arms; and a pin extending between the arms of the first U-shaped member and through the arms of the third U-shaped member such that the third U-shaped member is able to rotate about the pin relative to the first U-shaped member and second flat member, wherein the arms of the first U-shaped member extend through an opening in the base of the second flat member and an opening in the support such that the ends of the arms of first U-shaped member are contained with the channel of the elongated member, wherein rotation of the third U-shaped member causes the ends of the arms of the third U-shaped member to engage the base of the second flat member and compress the support against the elongated member. 21. The solar energy generating system of claim 20 wherein the channel in the elongated member is T-shaped and ends of the arms on the first U-shaped member are T-shaped such that the T-shaped ends of the arms on the first U-shaped member fit within the T-shaped channel in the elongated member. 22. The solar energy generating system of claim 20 further comprising a washer positioned between the base of the second flat member and the support such that the arms of the first U-shaped member extend through the washer. 23. The solar energy generating system of claim 22 wherein the washer is a Belville washer that provides a spring force to the second flat member. 24. The solar energy generating system of claim 20 wherein the opening in the support is a slot such that the elongated member may be adjusted relative to the support when the clamp is not compressing the support against the elongated member. 25. The solar energy generating system of claim 20 wherein the support includes an L-shaped bracket and a substantially straight bracket that is connected to the L-shaped bracket, wherein the L-shaped bracket is secured to the elongated member by the first clamp. 26. The solar energy generating system of claim 25 wherein the substantially straight bracket is adapted to be secured to a structure where the solar energy system is mounted. 27. The solar energy generating system of claim 26 further comprising a second clamp that secures the L-shaped bracket to the substantially straight bracket. 28. The solar energy generating system of claim 1 wherein the solar panel is snap-fit onto the support. 29. The solar energy generating system of claim 28 wherein the solar panel includes a hook and the support includes a cylindrical member that is snapped into the hook. 30. The solar energy generating system of claim 29 further comprising an elongated member that is connected to the solar panel such that the elongated member includes the hook. 31. The solar energy generating system of claim 29 further comprising an elongated member that is connected to the support such that the elongated member includes the cylindrical member. 32. The solar energy generating system of claim 28 wherein the support includes a hook and the solar panel includes a cylindrical member that is snapped into the hook. 33. The solar energy generating system of claim 1 further comprising a latch that secures the support to one side of the solar panel. 34. The solar energy generating system of claim 33 wherein the latch includes a stop that projects from a body, the stop engaging the solar panel to secure the solar panel. 35. The solar energy generating system of claim 34 wherein the latch includes a spring which biases the stop such that the stop projects from the body yet allows the stop to regress into the body when force is applied to the stop. 36. The solar energy generating system of claim 35 wherein the latch includes a handle that is adapted to apply a force to the stop in order to retract the stop into the body and permit the solar panel to be detached from the support. 37. The solar energy generating system of claim 33 further comprising an elongated member that is connected to the solar panel such that the latch secures the elongated member to the support. 38. The solar energy generating system of claim 33 further comprising an elongated member that is connected to the support such that the latch secures the elongated member to the solar panel. 39. The solar energy generating system of claim 1 further comprising: a latch that secures the support to one side of the solar panel; and at least one additional support that includes a slot, wherein the solar panel includes a tab on an opposing side of the solar panel to the latch such that the opposing side of the solar is secured to the additional support by inserting the tab on the solar panel into the slot on the additional support. 40. The solar energy generating system of claim 39 further comprising an elongated member that is connected to the solar panel such that the tab is on the elongated member which is inserted into the slot in the support. 41. The solar energy generating system of claim 39 further comprising an elongated member that is connected to the support such that the tab on the solar panel is inserted into the slot in the elongated member. 42. The solar energy generating system of claim 1 further comprising: a mechanism that is operated to secure the support to the solar panel and detach the support from the solar panel; and a barrier that obstructs operation of the mechanism such that the barrier must be circumvented in order to operate the mechanism and detach the solar panel from the support. 43. The solar energy generating system of claim 42 wherein the barrier is an enclosure that contains the mechanism such that the barrier must be opened in order to expose the mechanism. 44. The solar energy generating system of claim 43 wherein the enclosure includes a glass portion that must be broken in order to expose the mechanism. 45. The solar energy generating system of claim 44 wherein the enclosure includes alphanumeric information that instructs a user to break the glass portion of the enclosure in order to expose the mechanism. 46. The solar energy generating system of claim 42 wherein a portion of the barrier is broken in order to operate the mechanism. 47. The solar energy generating system of claim 46 wherein the portion of the barrier that is broken is weaker than the rest of the barrier such that the barrier breaks at the portion when a force is applied to the barrier. 48. The solar energy system of claim 1 further comprising: an additional solar panel; a plurality of supports; a first elongated member extending between at least two supports on one side of the first and second solar panels; and a second elongated member extending between at least two supports on an opposing side of the first and second solar panels, the first elongated member including a first channel that receives one side of the first and second solar panels and the second elongated member including a second channel that receives the opposing side of the first and second solar panels, wherein the solar panels are able to slide back and forth past one another within the first and second channels on the first and second elongated members when the solar panels are detached from the first and second elongated members. 49. The solar energy system of claim 1 further comprising: an additional solar panel rotatably attached to the other solar panel; a plurality of supports; a first elongated member extending between at least two supports on one side of the solar panels; and a second elongated member extending between at least two supports on an opposing side of the solar panels, the first elongated member including a first channel and the second elongated member including a second channel, wherein one corner of each solar panel is able to slide back and forth within the first channel and an adjacent corner of each solar panel is able to slide back and forth within the second channel such that the solar panels can be folded together when the first and second solar panels are detached from the first and second elongated members. 50. The solar energy system of claim 49 wherein the solar panels are rotatably attached to one another using a door-type hinge. 51. A solar energy system comprising: a plurality of solar panels that are arranged in a row; and a support secured to at least one of the solar panels such that the support may be detached from the solar panels by manually manipulating at least one of the support and the solar panels. 52. The solar energy system of claim 51 wherein the support may be detached from the solar panels without using tools. 53. The solar energy system of claim 51 wherein the support may be detached from the solar panels using tools. 54. The solar energy system of claim 51 wherein the solar panels are interconnected. 55. The solar energy system of claim 51 further comprising a plurality of supports where each support is secured to at least one of the solar panels such that the supports may be detached from the solar panels. 56. The solar energy system of claim 51 further comprising a clamp that secures the solar panels to the support. 57. The solar energy generating system of claim 51 wherein the support is adapted to be secured to a structure that includes a roof. 58. The solar energy generating system of claim 51 further comprising: an elongated member attached to the support and connected to each of the solar panels; and at least one additional support that is secured to the elongated member such that the supports may be detached from the elongated member. 59. The solar energy system of claim 58 further comprising an additional elongated member that is connected to each of the solar panels and is secured to at least one of the supports. 60. The solar energy system of claim 59 wherein the additional elongated member may be detached from the support. 61. The solar energy system of claim 59 wherein one elongated member is positioned near one of the edges of the solar panels and the other elongated member is positioned near opposing edges of the solar panels. 62. The solar energy system of claim 61 wherein the additional elongated member is rotatably attached to some of the supports such that the solar panels and the elongated members may be rotated about some of the supports when one of the elongated members is detached from the other supports. 63. The solar energy system of claim 61 wherein the additional elongated member is rotatably attached to the solar panels such that the solar panels may be rotated about the additional elongated member when the solar panels are detached from the other elongated member. 64. The solar energy system of claim 58 further comprising at least one additional clamp such that each support is secured to the elongated member with a clamp. 65. The solar energy system of claim 64 wherein each clamp includes a cam that compresses one of the supports against the elongated member such that each clamp must be rotated in order to detach the elongated member from the supports. 66. The solar energy system of claim 64 further comprising a mechanism which is connected to each clamp such that maneuvering the mechanism disengages each clamp in order to detach the elongated member from the supports. 67. The solar energy system of claim 66 wherein the mechanism is a cord that is pulled to maneuver each clamp and detach the elongated member from the supports. 68. A solar energy system comprising: a plurality of solar panels that are arranged in a plurality rows; and a plurality of supports secured to some of the solar panels such that the supports may be detached from the solar panels by manually manipulating at least one of the supports and the solar panels. 69. The solar energy system of claim 68 wherein the supports may be detached from the solar panels without using tools. 70. The solar energy system of claim 68 wherein the supports may be detached from the solar panels using tools. 71. The solar energy system of claim 70 wherein the solar panels are interconnected. 72. The solar energy system of claim 70 further comprising a plurality of clamps that secure the solar panels to the supports. 73. The solar energy generating system of claim 70 further comprising a plurality of elongated members that are attached to the supports and connected to each of the solar panels in a row of solar panels such that each elongated member may be detached from the supports. 74. The solar energy system of claim 73 wherein two supports are secured to each elongated member such that one support is near one end of each elongated member and another support is near an opposing end of the elongated member. 75. The solar energy system of claim 73 wherein two elongated members are secured to each row of solar panels such that one elongated member is positioned near one edge of each row of solar panels and the other elongated member is positioned near an opposing edge of each row of solar panels. 76. The solar energy system of claim 72 further comprising a plurality of mechanisms, each of the mechanisms being connected to at least one of the clamps such that maneuvering the mechanisms maneuvers the clamps in order to detach the elongated members from the supports that are connected to the respective elongated members. 77. The solar energy system of claim 76 wherein each mechanism includes a cord that is pulled to maneuver each clamp in order to detach the elongated member from the supports. 