An electronically-controlled roll-up window shade that can easily be installed by a homeowner or general handyman is disclosed. The motorized shade includes an internal power source, a motor, and a communication system to allow for remote control of the motorized shade. One or more motorized shades can be controlled singly or as a group. In one embodiment, the motorized shades are used in connection with a zoned or non-zoned HVAC system to reduce energy usage. In one embodiment, the motorized shade is configured to have a size and form-factor that conforms to a standard manually-controlled motorized shade. In one embodiment, a group controller is configured to provide thermostat information to the motorized shade. In one embodiment, the group controller communicates with a central monitoring system that coordinates operation of one or more motorized shades. In one embodiment, the internal power source of the motorized shade is recharged by a solar cell.
Claims 1. An electronically-controlled motorized roll-up window shade, comprising: a controller; a tubular motor provided to said controller, said tubular motor configured to raise and lower a shade material by rotating a tube; a first mounting member provided to said motor; a second mounting member configured to mount to a window casing, said second mounting member configured to engage said first mounting member to hold said tube in place while prohibiting rotation of said first mounting member with respect to said second mounting member; a third mounting member configured to mount to a window casing; a fourth mounting member provided to said tube, said second mounting member configured to engage said first mounting member to hold said tube in place while allowing rotation between said third mounting member and said fourth mounting member, said fourth mounting member held against said third mounting member by spring force, said fourth mounting member configured to slide towards said tube to facilitate mounting of said tube between said second member and said third member; and a first power source inside said tube, said first power source providing electrical power to said tubular motor. 2. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 1, further comprising a light sensor. 3. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 1, further comprising a temperature sensor. 4. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 1, further comprising a second power source. 5. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 1, further comprising a solar cell configured to charge said first power source. 6. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 1, further comprising a shade position sensor. 7. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 1, further comprising a turns counter to count turns of said tubular motor. 8. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 1, wherein said controller is configured to transmit sensor data according to a threshold test. 9. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 8, wherein said threshold test comprises a high threshold level. 10. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 8, wherein said threshold test comprises a low threshold level. 11. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 8, wherein said threshold test comprises an inner threshold range. 12. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 8, wherein said threshold test comprises an outer threshold range. 13. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 1, wherein controller is configured to receive an instruction to change a status reporting interval. 14. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 1, wherein controller is configured to receive an instruction to change a wakeup interval. 15. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 1, wherein a group controller is configured to monitor a status of one or more electronically-controlled motorized shades. 16. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 15, wherein said group controller is provided to an HVAC system. 17. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 15, wherein said group controller is provided to a central controller. 18. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 17, wherein said central controller is provided to a home computer. 19. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 17, wherein said central controller is provided to an HVAC system. 20. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 17, wherein said central controller is provided to a zoned HVAC system. 21. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 20, wherein said central controller cooperates with said zoned HVAC system to use said motorized shade to partially control a temperature of a desired zone. 22. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 1, further comprising a wireless communication system to provide communication to said controller. 23. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 1, wherein an electrical circuit from said first power source to said controller comprises said tube. 24. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 1, wherein said first mounting member comprises one or more protrusions configured to engage one or more slots in said second mounting member. 25. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 1, further comprising a visual indicator to indicate a low-power condition when said power source is low. 26. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 1, said controller configured to use a predictive model to compute a control program. 27. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 26, said control program configured to reduce power consumption by said tubular motor. 28. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 26, said control program configured to reduce movement of said tubular motor. 29. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 1, further comprising a group controller configured to use a predictive model to compute a control program for said motorized shade. 30. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 29, said control program configured to reduce power consumption by said motorized shade. 31. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 29, said control program configured to reduce movement of said motorized shade. 32. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 1, wherein said controller is configured to send sensor data to a group controller. 33. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 1, wherein said shade material comprises a plurality of conductors provided to said controller. 34. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 33, said group controller configured to send current room temperature data to said controller. 35. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 1, further comprising a group controller configured to send room temperature slope data to said controller. 36. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 1, further comprising a remote control interface. 37. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 1, further comprising a group controller comprising an occupant sensor. 38. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 1, wherein said shade material comprises a solar cell. 39. The electronically-controlled motorized shade of claim 1, wherein said tube provides a conduction path between a first terminal of said first power source to said controller. 40. The electronically-controlled motorized shad of claim 1, wherein said first mounting member is provided to a shaft of said tubular motor. 41. The electronically-controlled motorized shad of claim 1, wherein said first mounting member is provided to a body of said tubular motor. 