A system and method of arranging multiple flat reflective facets around solar cells within a solar panel, or around a standard solar panel to increase the amount of light striking the solar cells or panel. The present invention in the preferred embodiment uses multiple reflector facets arranged to form an inverted pyramid shell where the apex of the pyramid is removed and replaced by a solar cell or panel. Accordingly each flat reflective facet has an isosceles trapezoid shape and has its shorter parallel side located adjacent and at a 120 degree angle to the solar cell or panel. This geometry ensures uniform illumination of the solar cell provided the reflector is approximately the same width as the solar cell; such uniform illumination may be especially helpful for PV generating applications. An alternate embodiment employs only three flat reflective facets, rather than four, around a standard solar panel. Flat reflective facets cost less than solar cells or panels, so employing these arrangements should lower the average cost of solar power.
Claims 1. A solar collector for maximizing collection of useful sunlight comprising: a) an enclosure comprising four sides, and a transparent cover that protects interior surfaces from the elements (other than sunlight); b) at least one rectangular solar cell mounted parallel to, and below the transparent cover; and, c) a plurality of flat reflective facets surrounding said solar cell, with each said reflective facet located adjacent to one side of said solar cell, and mounted at an obtuse angle relative to the surface of said solar cell, such that said reflective facets extend upward toward said transparent cover. 2. The solar collector of claim 1 wherein said solar cell absorbs solar radiation and transfers it to a working fluid. 3. The solar collector of claim 1 wherein said solar cell comprises a photovoltaic cell for converting light to electricity. 4. The solar collector of claim 3 wherein said reflective facet reflects primarily wavelengths of light said photovoltaic cell converts efficiently to electricity, while not reflecting wavelengths that tend to primarily heat said photovoltaic cell. 5. The solar collector of claim 1 wherein said reflective facets are shaped like isosceles trapezoids with the shorter parallel side located adjacent to one side of said solar cell. 6. The solar collector of claim 1 further comprising a plurality of solar cells with each said solar cell surrounded by a plurality of flat reflective facets. 7. The solar collector of claim 1 wherein the obtuse angle is approximately 120 degrees. 8. The solar collector of claim 1 wherein the obtuse angle lies in the range between 110-130 degrees. 9. The solar collector of claim 1 wherein said plurality of flat reflective facets form a single piece reflector shaped like an inverted, truncated, four-sided, pyramid shell. 10. The solar collector of claim 1 wherein said reflective facets are aluminum. 11. A solar collector for maximizing collection of useful sunlight comprising: a) a standard solar panel with four sides; b) a plurality of flat reflective facets surrounding said solar panel, with each said reflective facet located adjacent to one side and arranged at an obtuse angle to the surface of said solar panel, such that said reflective facet extends upward and away c) a means for mounting said flat reflective facets to the sides of said solar panel at said obtuse angle. 12. The solar collector of claim 11 wherein said solar panel absorbs solar radiation and transfers it to a working fluid. 13. The solar collector of claim 11 wherein the said solar panel coverts sunlight to electricity. 14. The solar collector of claim 11 wherein the obtuse angle is approximately 120 degrees. 15. The solar collector of claim 11 wherein the obtuse angle lies in the range between 110-130 degrees. 16. The solar collector of claim 11 wherein said reflective facets are aluminum. 17. The solar collector of claim 11 wherein said reflective facets form a single piece reflector shaped like an inverted, truncated four sided pyramid shell. 18. The solar collector of claim 11 wherein said mounting means comprises, screwing said reflective facets into the sides of said solar panel, and placing alignment straps along the upper back corner wherever two reflective facets meet as necessary to maintain alignment between said reflective facets. 19. The solar collector of claim 11 wherein only three reflective facets are located along three sides of said solar panel. 20. A method for maximizing the collection of useful sunlight onto a rectangular solar device such as a solar cell or a standard solar panel comprising the steps of: arranging flat reflective facets adjacent to each side of said solar device; tilting said reflective facets such that approximately a 120 degree angle forms between said flat reflective facet and the surface of said solar device; mounting said reflective facets to maintain the specified orientation between said reflective facets and said surface of said solar device. 