A controlling device and a controlling system. The controlling device transmits controlling signals to an electronic device and receives operation statuses thereof through a power line. The controlling device includes a Human-Machine Interface (HMI) device for displaying the operation statuses of the electronic device. The controlling device includes a controller, an HMI device connected to the controller, a power supply for providing an electric power to the controller and the HMI device, and a power line network signal transmit/receive module connected to the controller.
Claims 1. A controlling device comprising: a controller; a Human-Machine Interface device connected to the controller; a power supply for providing an electric power to the controller and the Human-Machine Interface device, respectively; and a power line network signal transmit/receive module connected to the controller. 2. The controlling device according to claim 1, wherein the power supply comprises a dry battery or a solar charging module. 3. The controlling device according to claim 1, wherein the power supply comprises a solar panel, a battery, a charging circuit and a power line, the charging circuit is connected to the solar panel and the battery, and the power line transmits the electric power from the battery to the controller and the Human-Machine Interface device. 4. The controlling device according to claim 1, wherein the power line network signal transmit/receive module communicates with external through a power socket. 5. The controlling device according to claim 4, wherein the power line network signal transmit/receive module comprises: a filter; a first converter and a second converter, both of which are connected with each other in parallel and connected to the filter and the controller, respectively; and a code/decode circuit connected to the filter and the power socket. 6. The controlling device according to claim 5, wherein the first converter receives an analog signal from the controller and converts the analog signal into a digital signal, and then the digital signal is transmitted to the code/decode circuit through the filter for coding. 7. The controlling device according to claim 5, wherein the second converter receives a digital signal from the code/decode circuit through the filter, the digital signal is decoded by the code/decode circuit and converted into an analog signal by the second converter, and the analog signal is transmitted to the controller. 8. The controlling device according to claim 1, wherein the Human-Machine Interface device comprises a monitor, at least one button or a touch panel. 9. The controlling device according to claim 8, further comprising a memory connected to the controller and the Human-Machine Interface device. 10. A controlling system, comprising: a controlling device comprising: a first controller, a Human-Machine Interface device connected to the first controller, a power supply for providing an electric power to the first controller and the Human-Machine Interface device, respectively, and a first power line network signal transmit/receive module connected to the first controller; and an electronic device comprising: a second controller, a second power line network signal transmit/receive module connected to the second controller, and a power line connected to the first power line network signal transmit/receive module and the second power line network signal transmit/receive module. 11. The controlling system according to claim 10, wherein the second controller transmits an operation status of the electronic device from the second power line network signal transmit/receive module to the first power line network signal transmit/receive module. 12. The controlling system according to claim 11, wherein the operation status is further transmitted from the first power line network signal transmit/receive module to the first controller so as to be displayed on the Human-Machine Interface device. 13. The controlling system according to claim 10, wherein the power supply comprises a solar panel, a battery, a charging circuit and a power line, the charging circuit is connected to the solar panel and the battery, and the power line transmits the electric power from the battery to the controller and the Human-Machine Interface device. 14. The controlling system according to claim 10, wherein the first power line network signal transmit/receive module comprises: a first filter; a first converter and a second converter, both of which are connected with each other in parallel and connected to the first filter and the first controller, respectively; and a first code/decode circuit connected to the first filter and the power line. 15. The controlling system according to claim 14, wherein the first converter receives an analog signal from the first controller and converts the analog signal into a digital signal, and then the digital signal is transmitted to the first code/decode circuit through the first filter for coding. 16. The controlling system according to claim 14, wherein the second converter receives a digital signal from the first code/decode circuit through the first filter, the digital signal is decoded by the first code/decode circuit and converted into an analog signal by the second converter, and the analog signal is transmitted to the first controller. 17. The controlling system according to claim 10, wherein the second power line network signal transmit/receive module comprises: a second filter; a third converter and a fourth converter, both of which are connected with each other in parallel and connected to the second filter and the second controller, respectively; and a second code/decode circuit connected to the second filter and the power line. 18. The controlling system according to claim 17, wherein the third converter receives an analog signal from the second controller and converts the analog signal into a digital signal, and then the digital signal is transmitted to the second code/decode circuit through the second filter for coding. 19. The controlling system according to claim 18, wherein the fourth converter receives a digital signal from the second code/decode circuit through the second filter, the digital signal is decoded by the second code/decode circuit and converted into an analog signal by the second converter, and the analog signal is transmitted to the second controller. 20. The controlling system according to claim 10, wherein the electronic device comprises a monitor, a television, lamp, a temperature sensor, a heater, an air conditioner, an audio, a refrigerator or a washing machine. 21. The controlling system according to claim 10, wherein the controlling device and the electronic device are communicated through a power line communication protocol. 22. The controlling system according to claim 10, wherein the Human-Machine Interface device generates an instruction signal, and the second controller receives the instruction signal so as to control the electronic device. 