The invention relates to a photovoltaic device (1) and a corresponding plant, of the kind comprising a plurality of photovoltaic panels (3), for transforming the incident solar radiation in direct electric current, at least one reflecting surface (2) and a reflecting focal element (8) for concentrating the incident solar radiation, positioned on a frame (4) supported by a support (5) having an electromechanical tracking system (7), in azimuth and/or in elevation, of the direction of origin of the solar rays, wherein said reflecting focal element (8) is further provided with shuttering means of the incident radiation on said reflecting focal element (8) and reflected by said reflecting focal element to said photovoltaic panels (3).
Claims 1. Photovoltaic device (1) of the kind comprising at least a photovoltaic panel (3), for transforming the incident solar radiation in direct electric current, at least one reflecting surface (2) and a reflecting focal element (8) for concentrating the incident solar radiation, positioned on a frame (4) supported by a support (5) having an electromechanical tracking system (7), in azimuth and/or in elevation, of the direction of origin of the solar rays, said reflecting focal element (8) being further provided with shuttering means of the incident radiation reflected towards said photovoltaic panels (3), characterized in that said shuttering means of the incident radiation are constituted by one or more surfaces of said reflecting focal element (8), provided with different degrees of opacity to the solar radiation and/or with different features of transparency to different wavelengths of the solar radiation, constituting areas having a different degree of opacity and/or reflection, said reflecting focal element (8) being able to be rotated so to expose to the incident radiation from time to time an area having different degree of opacity and/or reflection according to needs. 2. Photovoltaic device (1) according to claim 1, characterised in that said areas having a different degree of opacity and/or reflection are realised by means of application of coatings based on aluminium and/or metal oxides on said reflecting focal element (8). 3. Photovoltaic device (1) according to claim 2, characterised in that said coatings based on aluminium and/or metal oxides are supported on films made of plastic material. 4. Photovoltaic device (1) according to claim 1, characterised in that said areas having a different degree of opacity and/or reflection have different degree of filtration of radiations the wavelength of which is comprised between 0.4 and 0.8 nm. 5. Photovoltaic device (1) according to claim 1, characterised in that said reflecting surface (2) is realised by means of an aluminium layer, which underwent a treatment of mechanical polishing before being cold-shaped in its final parabolic form. 6. Photovoltaic device (1) according to claim 1, characterised in that said reflecting surface (2) is covered by a transparent acrylic paint. 7. Photovoltaic device (1) according to claim 1, characterised in that said reflecting focal element (8) is made of glass. 8. Photovoltaic device (1) according to claim 1, characterised in that said reflecting focal element (8) is constituted by a prism, each face of which is treated in order to have a different degree of opacity and/or reflection. 9. Photovoltaic device (1) according to claim 8, characterised in that on each face of said prism a different laminated covering is applied which is constituted by an intermediate layer made of a plastic film, supporting different coatings based on aluminium and/or metal oxides, by an internal adhesive layer for the adhesion with said face and by an external protection layer. 10. Photovoltaic device (1) according to claim 1, characterised in that it further comprises a solid state inverter for transforming the direct electric power in low voltage alternate electric power, transformers, protection members and measurement instruments for the controlled transfer of the produced electric energy to the distribution network. 11. Photovoltaic plant constituted by one or more photovoltaic devices as defined in claim 1, linked to one another so to form a single circuit. 12. Photovoltaic plant according to claim 11, characterised in that it comprises an automatic electronic system for monitoring and controlling. 