A solar panel charging display device comprises: a solar panel capable of transforming solar energy into electrical energy; one storage module connected to the solar panel and storing the electrical energy produced by the solar panel; one measurement module connected to the solar panel and the storage module, and capable of generating an electrical signal which is an indication of the electric energy the solar panel generates and transfers to the storage module; and one display module connected to the measurement module and dynamically displaying the voltage or current. Using the display device, the user would easily determine the relationship between the positions or angle of the solar pane and the electrical energy is generating and re-arrange the solar panel accordingly for optimal performance. A method of use of the solar panel charging display device is also provided.
Claims 1. A solar panel charging display device comprising: a solar panel capable of transforming solar energy into electrical energy; a storage module connected to the solar panel and capable of storing the electrical energy produced by the solar panel; a measurement module connected to the solar panel and the storage module, capable of detecting an electrical signal which indicates the level of energy being transferred from the solar panel into the storage module; and a display module connected to the measurement module and dynamically displaying the electrical signal detected by the measurement module. 2. The solar panel charging display device according to claim 1, wherein said electrical signal is a voltage value. 3. The solar panel charging display device according to claim 2, wherein said measurement module comprises a resistor arranged between said solar panel and said storage module, the measurement module measures the voltage value difference between the two ends of the resistor when a current generated by the solar panel flows through the resistor. 4. The solar panel charging display device according to claim 3, wherein said measurement module further comprises an operational amplifier and an analog-to-digital converter, wherein said operational amplifier is connected to two ends of said resistor for amplifying the voltage value, wherein said analog-to-digital converter is connected to said operational amplifier to convert the analog signal of the voltage into a digital signal. 5. The solar panel charging display device according to claim 4, wherein said display module comprises a controller and a lamp, wherein said controller is connected to said analog-to-digital converter and adjusts the flash frequency of the lamp according to the voltage value. 6. The solar panel charging display device according to claim 5, wherein said flash frequency of the lamp is proportional to the voltage value. 7. The solar panel charging display device according to claim 5, wherein said controller converts the voltage value into a current value and adjusts the flash frequency of the lamp according to the current value, wherein said flash frequency of the lamp is proportional to the current value. 8. The solar panel charging display device according to claim 4, wherein said display module comprises a controller and a monitor, and the controller is connected to the analog-to-digital converter and adjusts the value displaying on the monitor according to the digital signal of the voltage value. 9. The solar panel charging display device according to claim 8, wherein said controller converts the voltage value into a current value, and adjusts the value displaying on the monitor according to the current value. 10. The solar panel charging display device according to claim 4, wherein the display module comprises a controller and a sound output device, said sound output device is connected to the analog-to-digital converter, and a sound output frequency of the sound output device is adjusted by the controller according to the voltage value. 11. The solar panel charging display device according to claim 10, wherein the sound output frequency of the sound output device is proportional to the voltage value. 12. The solar panel charging display device according to claim 10, wherein said controller converts the voltage value to the current value and adjusts sound output frequency of the sound output device according to the current value, wherein said sound output frequency of the sound output device is proportional to the current value. 13. The solar panel charging display device according to claim 1, wherein the electrical signal is current. 14. The solar panel charging display device according to claim 1, wherein the storage module comprises a dissipative component for consuming the energy stored in the storage module. 15. A method of using a solar panel charging display device, which method comprises the steps of: (a) providing a solar panel charging display device which comprises a solar panel, a storage module, a measurement module and a display module; (b) measuring with the measurement module the electrical signal transported to the storage module from the solar panel; and (c) dynamically displaying on the display module an electrical signal generated by the measurement module. 16. The method according to claim 15 further comprising step (d) adjusting the positions or angles of the solar panel according the electrical signal displayed on the display module. 17. The method of using a solar panel charging display device according to claim 15, wherein said display module comprises a lamp, and the flash frequency of the lamp is proportional to the electrical signal measured by the measurement module. 18. The method of using a solar panel charging display device according to claim 15, wherein said display module further comprises a monitor which displays the electrical signal measured by the measurement module. 19. The method of using a solar panel charging display device according to claim 15, wherein said display module comprises a sound output device, and the sound output frequency of the sound output device is proportional to the electrical signal measured by the measurement module. 20. The method of using a solar panel charging display device according to claim 15, wherein the electrical signal is a voltage value of a current value. 