The chassis of a spacecraft has one side exposed to ultraviolet photons and another side shielded from the ultraviolet photons. An electrically conductive surface is disposed on the exposed side of the chassis and is electrically isolated from the chassis. A field-emission array device has a gate, an emitter array, a first terminal electrically connected to the gate, and a second terminal electrically connected to the emitter array. The first terminal electrically couples the gate to the electrically conductive surface on the exposed side of the chassis, and the second terminal electrically couples the emitter array to a surface on the shielded side of the chassis. The emitter array discharges electrons from the surface on the shielded side when a voltage difference in excess of a threshold voltage develops between the gate and the emitter array because of differential charging of the exposed and shielded sides of the chassis.
Claims 1. A system for emitting electrons collected by a chassis of a spacecraft located in an environment in which one side of the chassis is impinged upon by ultraviolet (UV) photons and another side of the chassis is shielded from the UV photons, the system comprising: an electrically conductive surface disposed on the side of the chassis impinged upon by UV photons, the electrically conductive surface being electrically isolated from the chassis of the spacecraft; and a micro-fabricated field-emission array device having a gate, an array of emitters, a first terminal electrically connected to the gate, and a second terminal electrically connected to the array of emitters, the first terminal electrically coupling the gate to the electrically conductive surface on the side of the chassis being impinged upon by the UV photons, and the second terminal electrically coupling the array of emitters to a surface on the side of the chassis shielded from the UV photons, the array of emitters discharging electrons from the surface of the chassis when a voltage difference in excess of a threshold voltage develops between the gate and the array of emitters because of differential charging of the electrically conductive surface on the side of the chassis being impinged upon by the UV photons and the surface on the shielded side of the chassis. 2. The system of claim 1, further comprising a heater element operatively coupled to the field-emission array device to heat the array of emitters. 3. The system of claim 1, further comprising circuitry electrically coupled in an electrical path between the electrically conductive surface on the side of the chassis being impinged upon by the UV photons and the gate of the field-emission array device, the circuitry including a voltage follower circuit for electrically isolating the gate of the field-emission array device from the emitter array of the field-emission array device. 4. The system of claim 3, further comprising solar cells, disposed on the side of the chassis being impinged upon by the UV photons, for supplying power to the circuitry. 5. The system of claim 1, further comprising a self-opening protective vacuum enclosure housing the field-emission array device until the spacecraft is deployed in the environment. 6. A method of emitting electrons collected by a chassis of a spacecraft located in an environment in which one side of the chassis is impinged upon by ultraviolet (UV) photons and another side of the chassis is shielded from the UV photons, the method comprising: electrically coupling a gate of a micro-fabricated field-emission array device to an electrically conductive surface disposed on the side of the chassis being impinged upon by the UV photons, the electrically conductive surface being electrically isolated from the chassis; electrically coupling an array of emitters of the field-emission array device to a surface on a side of the chassis that is shielded from the UV photons; and emitting electrons from the surface on the shielded side of the chassis by the array of emitters of the field-emission array device when a voltage difference in excess of a threshold voltage develops between the gate and the array of emitters because of differential charging of the electrically conductive surface on the side of the chassis being impinged upon by the UV photons and the surface on the side of the chassis that is shielded from the UV photons. 7. The method of claim 6, further comprising electrically coupling circuitry in an electrical path between the electrically isolated electrically conductive surface on the side of the spacecraft that is being impinged upon by the UV photons and the gate of the field-emission array device, the circuitry including a voltage follower circuit for electrically isolating the gate of the field-emission array device from the emitter array of the field-emission array device. 8. The method of claim 7, further comprising providing power to the circuitry from solar cells on the side of the chassis being impinged upon by UV photons. 9. The method of claim 6, further comprising heating the emitter array of the field-emission array device while the spacecraft is deployed in the environment. 10. The method of claim 6, further comprising enclosing the field-emission array device in a self-opening protective vacuum enclosure until the spacecraft is deployed in the environment. 11. A spacecraft comprising: a chassis having one side exposed to ultraviolet (UV) photons from a photon source and another side shielded from the UV photons; a dielectric insulator disposed on the side of the chassis exposed to the UV photons; an electrically conductive surface disposed on the dielectric insulator on the exposed side of the chassis, the dielectric insulator electrically isolating the electrically conductive surface from the chassis; and an electron emission unit having one or more micro-fabricated field-emission array devices, each field-emission array device having a gate, an array of emitters, a first terminal electrically connected to the gate of that field-emission array device, and a second terminal electrically connected to the array of emitters of that field-emission array device, the first terminal of each field-emission array device electrically coupling the gate of that field-emission array device to the electrically conductive surface on the exposed side of the chassis and the second terminal of each field-emission array device electrically coupling the array of emitters of that field-emission array device to a surface on the shielded side of the chassis, the array of emitters of each field-emission array device discharging electrons from the shielded surface of the chassis when a voltage difference in excess of a threshold voltage develops between the gate and the array of emitters of that field-emission device because of differential charging of the electrically conductive surface on the exposed side of the chassis and the surface on the shielded side of the chassis. 12. The spacecraft of claim 11, wherein the electron emission unit further comprises a heater element operatively coupled to each field-emission array device to heat the emitter array of that field-emission array device. 13. The spacecraft of claim 11, wherein the electron emission unit further comprises circuitry electrically coupled in an electrical path between the electrically conductive surface on the exposed side of the chassis and the gate of each field-emission array device, the circuitry including voltage follower circuitry for electrically isolating the gate of each field-emission array device from the emitter array of that field-emission array device. 14. The spacecraft of claim 13, further comprising solar cells disposed on the exposed side the chassis for supplying power to the circuitry. 15. The spacecraft of claim 13, further comprising a voltage monitor operatively coupled to an output of the voltage follower circuitry to measure voltage produced by a charging of the electrically conductive surface on the exposed side of the chassis. 16. The spacecraft of claim 11, further comprising a self-opening protective enclosure housing the electron emission unit until the spacecraft is deployed into the environment. 17. The spacecraft of claim 11, further comprising a current monitor electrically coupled to the emitter array of each field-emission array device to measure current emitted by that field-emission array device. 