A device for detecting the stacked state of a container comprises a solar unit (1) that is connected to a charging unit (4) which supplies power to a locating device (7). The locating device (7) includes a transmitter (8) and a receiver (9) that communicate with a control center. A measuring device (10) is also provided which is used as a light indicator and generates an activation signal when the device is exposed to sunlight or daylight and the container is thus in a non-stacked state. The measuring device (10) supplies the activation signal to a CPU (12) that sends a non-stacked state signal to the locating device (7). The measuring device (10) feeds a deactivation signal to the CPU (12) when the device is dimmed. The CPU (12) sends a stacked-state signal indicating the stacked state of the container to the locating device (7) when the measuring device (10) determines that the device remains dimmed beyond the regular nighttime darkness. The transmitter (8) of the locating device (7) transmits the signals corresponding to the stacked state or the non-stacked state of the container to the control center.
Claims 1. A device for detecting the stacking state of a container using a solar unit that is connected to a charging unit that feeds a transmitter and a receiver, whereby the transmitter communicates with a remote monitoring center, the improvement comprising a measuring device that serves as a light indicator and generates an activation signal when the device is exposed to daylight, and the container is, therefore, non-stacked, and which supplies the activation signal to a CPU that transmits a non-stacked signal to the locating device; wherein the measuring device generates a deactivation signal and supplies said signal to the CPU when the device is dimmed wherein the CPU transmits a stacked signal indicating the stacked state of the container to the transmitter, when the measuring device detects that the device is dimmed for a longer period than the normal dim-out during the night and wherein the transmitter transmits a signal corresponding to the stacked state or the non-stacked state, respectively, to the monitoring center. 2. A device as set forth in claim 1, wherein the measuring device is supplied with electrical current from the charging device and derives the activation state of the solar unit from the output signal of the activated solar unit. 3. A device as set forth in claim 1, wherein the measuring device is supplied with electrical current from the charging device and derives the activation state of the solar unit from the output signal of a light sensor. 4. A device as set forth in claim 3, wherein the light sensor is located in the area of the solar unit. 5. A device as set forth in claim 1, wherein the receiver and the transmitter are part of a locating device. 6. A device as set forth in that claim 1, wherein the CPU generates the stacked signal when the measuring device generates the deactivation signal for longer than twenty-four hours. 7. A device as set forth in claim 1, wherein the switching threshold for detecting the activation state is defined such that the measuring device generates the activation signal even when at least one of the solar unit and the light sensor, respectively, captures the artificial light that is typical for work at night. 8. A device as set forth in claim 1, wherein the CPU is a low power micro-controller. 9. A device as set forth in claim 1, wherein the receiver is turned off for the purpose of saving energy when the stacked signal is generated. 10. A device as set forth in claim 1, wherein the receiver is a GPS receiver. 11. A device as set forth in claim 1, wherein the charging device includes a battery for storing energy. 12. A method for detecting the stacking state of a container, with a device as set forth in claim 1, said method comprising the steps of: capturing the activation state and the deactivation state of a solar unit of the device using a measuring device; generating a non-stacked signal indicating the non-stacked state of the container when the measuring device captures the activation state of the solar unit when it is struck by at least one of sunlight and daylight, respectively and generating a stacked signal indicating the stacked state of the container when the deactivation state of the solar unit is captured upon dim-out for a longer period than corresponds to the deactivation state of a regular night phase. 13. A method as set forth in claim 12, wherein the device is attached in a groove of the upper wall of the container. 