A system for monitoring activities relating to movable and removable items within a vehicle is described. The system includes an electrical energy storage device, an energy harvesting device operable to store harvested energy in the electrical energy storage device, a sensor element configured to output signals corresponding to one or more of removal, installation, and a shift in position of a corresponding item within the vehicle, and a transmitter configured to receive the signals from the sensor element. The transmitter is also configured to transmit unique identification information and data corresponding to the signals received from the sensor element, where the unique identification information corresponds with a location of the item on the vehicle. The sensor element and the transmitter are configured to use energy from one or both of the energy harvesting device and the electrical energy storage device.
Claims 1. A system for monitoring activities relating to movable and removable items within a vehicle, said system comprising: an electrical energy storage device; an energy harvesting device operable to store harvested energy in said electrical energy storage device; a sensor element configured to output signals corresponding to one or more of removal, installation, and a shift in position of a corresponding item within the vehicle; and a transmitter configured to receive the signals from said sensor element, said transmitter further configured to transmit unique identification information and data corresponding to the signals received from said sensor element, the unique identification information corresponding with a location of the item on the vehicle, said sensor element and said transmitter configured to use energy from one or both of said energy harvesting device and said electrical energy storage device. 2. A system according to claim 1 wherein said transmitter is configured to periodically transmit the unique identification information on a periodic basis, as a verification that said system is operable. 3. A system according to claim 1 wherein said electrical energy storage device comprises at least one of a capacitor and a battery. 4. A system according to claim 1 further comprising an actuator, at least one of the removal of the corresponding item, the installation of the corresponding item, a shift of position of the corresponding item, and an ambient condition associated with said system, configured to cause said actuator to operate said energy harvesting device. 5. A system according to claim 4 wherein said energy harvesting device comprises at least one of: a photovoltaic device exposed to a light source; a vibration harvesting device; a cantilevered piezoelectric beam, exposed to airplane or operational vibration; a piezoelectric material bonded to an aircraft structure, said piezoelectric material operable to undergo a strain based on a strain experienced by the aircraft structure under varying aircraft operational forces; a thermoelectric device exposed to a thermal gradient across an aircraft hydraulic line; a thermoelectric device exposed to a thermal gradient across an insulation blanket of an aircraft; and a thermoelectric device exposed to a thermal gradient between two aircraft structures. 6. A system according to claim 1 wherein said energy harvesting device is configured to converts energy from one or more of a force, a vibration, a heat flow, and light into electricity to power said sensor element and said transmitter. 7. A system according to claim 1 where the item is a light bezel and said system further comprises an actuator, said actuator configured to operate said sensor when the light bezel is moved from an open position to a closed position and when the light bezel is moved from a closed position to an open position, said energy harvesting device comprising at least one photovoltaic cell configured to receive light from a lamp associated with the light bezel. 8. A system according to claim 7 wherein said actuator comprises: a magnet attached to the bezel; and a magnetically operable switch mounted in proximity said magnet when the light bezel is in a closed position, said switch configured to operate said sensor element. 9. A system according to claim 1 where the item is a door and said system further comprises an actuator, said actuator configured to operate said sensor element when the door is moved from an open position to a closed position and when the door is moved from a closed position to an open position, said actuator further configured to operate said energy harvesting device. 10. A system according to claim 9 wherein said actuator comprises at least one of: a piezoelectric device that is caused to deflect or vibrate by the mechanical work of the door engaging or disengaging a door jamb, producing an electrical charge in a piezoelectric material; an electro-dynamic device including a coil of wire, wherein a magnetic field is caused to move relative to the coil of wire to produce an electric current in the coil of wire by the opening and closing of the door; a spring-loaded lever that is operated when the door is opened or when the door is closed; a micro-switch that is operated when the door is opened or when the door is closed; and magnetic reed relay mounted to one of the door and a door jamb, and a magnet bonded to the opposite one of the door and the door jamb. 11. A system according to claim 1 where the item is a door and said energy harvesting device comprises a photovoltaic cell. 12. A system according to claim 1 where the item is an airplane seat cushion, said system further comprises an actuator, said actuator configured to operate said sensor element and said energy harvesting device upon at least one of full removal, partial removal, movement, vibration, and installation of the airplane seat cushion with respect to an aircraft seat frame. 13. A system according to claim 12 wherein said actuator comprises a lever attached to a seat pan of an airplane seat frame, the seat pan located under an installation position for the airplane seat cushion. 14. A system according to claim 13 wherein said lever comprises: a first land configured to engage and activate said energy harvesting device and activate said sensor element, causing said transmitter to transmit; and a second land configured to rest upon a surface of said sensor element and said transmitter, such that vertical loads from the airplane seat cushion are carried through to the seat pan. 15. A system according to claim 12 wherein said actuator comprises at least one of a cantilevered piezoelectric beam and an electro-dynamic harvester, such that seat vibration causes said actuator to operate said energy harvesting device. 16. A system according to claim 12 wherein said actuator comprises: a membrane attached to a seat pan of an airplane seat frame, said membrane comprising a plunger, said membrane and said plunger responsive to a pressure applied through the airplane seat cushion; and a micro-switch operated by said plunger, said micro-switch electrically connected to said sensor element. 17. A system according to claim 1 where the item is an air flow grill, said system further comprises an actuator, said actuator configured to operate said sensor element upon at least one of full removal, partial removal, movement, and installation of the air flow grill with respect to an aircraft cabin wall. 18. A system according to claim 17 wherein said actuator comprises: a magnetic reed switch; and a magnet, one of said magnetic reed switch and said magnet mounted to the air flow grill and the opposite one of said magnetic reed switch and said magnet mounted to the aircraft cabin wall such that said magnet causes said magnetic reed switch to close while the air flow grill is installed on the aircraft cabin wall. 19. A system according to claim 17 wherein said energy harvesting device comprises a thermoelectric generator located within an airplane structure proximate the air flow grill. 20. A method for monitoring activities related to one or more items within an aircraft, said method comprising: configuring the items such that at least one activity associated with the item is operable as a triggering event to a sensor; transmitting a unique identification code associated with the sensor to a monitoring device upon determining that a triggering event has occurred; and correlating the unique identification code with a physical location within an aircraft for purposes of physical inspection. 21. A method according to claim 20 further comprising configuring the items such that at least one activity associated with the item is operable as a triggering event to a sensor. 22. A system for monitoring activities relating to movable and removable items within a structure, said system comprising: an electrical energy storage device; an energy harvesting device operable to store harvested energy in said electrical energy storage device; a sensor element configured to output signals corresponding to one or more of removal, installation, and a shift in position of a corresponding item within the structure; and a transmitter configured to receive the signals from said sensor element, said transmitter further configured to transmit unique identification information and data corresponding to the signals received from said sensor element, the unique identification information corresponding with a location of the item on the structure, said sensor element and said transmitter configured to use energy from one or both of said energy harvesting device and said electrical energy storage device. 