Various embodiments of the present disclosure provide methods, systems, and devices for monitoring one or more utilities consumed within a monitored area. At least certain disclosed methods include detecting an amount of a first utility consumed by a load associated with a device. An amount of a second utility consumed by a load associated with the device is detected. The identity of the device is determined based on the amount of the first and second utility consumed. In further disclosed methods, a utility monitoring method is disclosed that includes measuring an amount of a utility consumed by a first device at a first time and an amount of a utility consumed by a second device at a second time. The identity of the first device is determined based on the measured consumption of the first and second devices at the first and second time. In certain implementations, the electricity meter uses an effective variance analysis of the conductance waveform on an electrical circuit to identify specific appliances.
Claims 1-28. (canceled) 29. A utility monitoring method comprising: acquiring electricity consumption data from each of a plurality of circuits; transmitting the electricity consumption data to a user interface device or user computer; applying a disaggregation algorithm to the electricity consumption data to identify individual loads of electricity consumption in the electricity consumption data; and presenting a user with electricity consumption data for each of the individual loads. 30. The method of claim 29 wherein applying a disaggregation algorithm to the electricity consumption data comprises: obtaining voltage and current data from a plurality of electrical devices; analyzing conductance waveforms of the voltage and current data; comparing the conductance waveforms to a library of waveforms; and identifying the plurality of electrical devices based on the comparison of the conductance waveforms and the library of waveforms. 31. The method of claim 30 wherein comparing the conductance waveforms to a library of waveforms comprises performing an effective variance analysis. 32. The method of claim 30, further comprising averaging the conductance waveforms prior to comparing the conductance waveforms to a library of waveforms. 33. The method of claim 29 further comprising determining power state transitions of at least one of the plurality of electrical devices based on its conductance waveform. 34. The utility monitoring method of claim 29, wherein applying a disaggregation algorithm to the electricity consumption data comprises: measuring an amount of electricity consumed by an individual load; measuring an amount of another utility consumed by a device associated with the individual load; and based on the measured electricity amount and measured another utility amount, determining the identity of the device. 35. The utility monitoring method of claim 29, wherein applying a disaggregation algorithm to the electricity consumption data comprises: measuring an amount of electricity consumed by a first device at a first time; measuring an amount of electricity consumed by a second device at a second time; and determining the identity of the first device based on the measured electricity consumption of the first and second devices at the first and second time. 36. The utility monitoring method of claim 29, wherein applying a disaggregation algorithm to the electricity consumption data comprises: determining an amount of electricity consumed by a first device at a first time; measuring the amount of another utility consumed by the first device at a second time, which may be the same as the first time; determining an amount of electricity consumed by a second device at a third time, which may be the same as the first or second time; measuring an amount of another utility consumed by the second device at a fourth time, which may be the same as the first, second, or third time; and determining the identity of the first device based on the amount of electricity and another utility consumed by the first and second devices at the first, second, third, and fourth times. 37. The utility monitoring method of claim 29, wherein presenting a user with electricity consumption data for each of the individual loads occurs at least substantially at the same time as acquiring electricity consumption data. 38. The method of claim 29 further comprising providing an at least substantially real time estimate of greenhouse gas emissions due to an electrical device associated with at least one of the individual loads. 39. The method of claim 29, further comprising determining the thermal efficiency of a monitored area. 40. A utility monitoring method comprising: measuring an amount of a first utility consumed by a load associated with a device; measuring an amount of second utility consumed by a load associated with the device; and based on the amount of the first and second utilities measured, determining the identity of the device. 41. The utility monitoring method of claim 40, wherein the first utility and the second utility are, independently, electricity, water, gas, oil, propane, coal, hydrogen, or solar power. 42. The utility monitoring method of claim 40, wherein the first and second utilities are consumed at different times. 43. A utility monitoring method comprising: measuring an amount of a utility consumed by a first device at a first time to determine a utility amount consumed by the first device; measuring an amount of a utility consumed by a second device at a second time, which may be the same as the first time, to determine a utility amount consumed by the second device; and determining the identity of the first device based on the utility amounts consumed by the first and second devices at the first and second times. 44. The utility monitoring method of claim 43, wherein determining the identity of the first device based on the utility amounts consumed by the first and second devices at the first and second times, comprises: determining a first hypothetical consumption scenario comprising the consumption of a first possible first device and a first possible second device; determining a second hypothetical consumption scenario comprising the consumption of a second possible first device and a second possible second device; comparing the first and second hypothetical consumption scenarios; selecting the first or second hypothetical consumption scenario as the more probable scenario; and identifying the first device based on the selected hypothetical consumption scenario. 45. The utility monitoring method of claim 43, wherein the utility amount consumed by the first device is an amount of a first utility consumed by the first device, further comprising measuring an amount of second utility consumed by the first device. 46. The utility monitoring method of claim 43, wherein the utility amount consumed by the second device is an amount of a first utility consumed by the second device, further comprising measuring an amount of a second utility consumed by the second device. 47. The utility monitoring method of claim 43, further comprising measuring an amount of a utility consumed by the first device at a third time, which may be the same as the second time if the second time is different than the first time. 