A solar concentrator includes a plurality of separate panels positioned between opposed support rods. Tension elements extend between the support rods and mount the plurality of panels.
Claims 1. A solar concentrator comprising: a plurality of separate panels positioned between opposed support rods; and tension elements extending between said support rods and mounting said plurality of panels. 2. The solar concentrator as set forth in claim 1, wherein there are a plurality of rows of said tension elements. 3. The solar concentrator as set forth in claim 1, wherein each of said panels has a first and a second tension element mounted at opposed sides of said panels. 4. The solar concentrator as set forth in claim 1, wherein said panels are positioned relative to said tension elements at selected orientations, and such that said panels may be positioned at distinct orientations relative to each other to provide a desired focus of reflected solar energy. 5. The solar concentrator as set forth in claim 4, wherein said tension elements are provided with buttons that mount said panels, and said buttons being sized to provide said orientation for each of said panels. 6. The solar concentrator as set forth in claim 1, wherein said tension elements include a spring to ensure that each of said tension elements are held in tension in the solar concentrator. 7. The solar concentrator as set forth in claim 1, wherein said support rods are movable toward each other, with said solar panels and said tension elements collapsing to provide a stowed position for said solar concentrator. 8. A generation system comprising: a generation element that generates energy from solar energy; a solar concentrator for said generation element; a plurality of panels positioned between opposed support rods; and tension elements extending between said support rods and mounting said plurality of panels. 9. The system as set forth in claim 8, wherein there are a plurality of rows of said tension elements. 10. The system as set forth in claim 8, wherein each of said panels has a first and a second tension element mounted at opposed sides of said panels. 11. The system as set forth in claim 8, wherein said panels are positioned relative to said tension elements at selected orientations, and such that said panels may be positioned at distinct orientations relative to each other to provide a desired focus of reflected solar energy toward the generation element. 12. The system as set forth in claim 11, wherein said tension elements are provided with buttons that mount said panels, and said buttons being sized to provide said orientation for each of said panels. 13. The system as set forth in claim 8, wherein said tension elements include a spring to ensure that each of said tension elements are held in tension in the solar concentrator. 14. The system as set forth in claim 8, wherein said support rods are movable toward each other, with said solar panels and said tension elements collapsing to provide a stowed position for said solar concentrator. 15. The system as set forth in claim 8, wherein said generation element is a solar cell array. 