The concentrated PV solar power stack system includes a solar concentration assembly, HC sunlight transmission light pipe and a LEC stack assembly holding a plurality of light-to-electricity conversion (LEC) cells inside a compact weatherproofed housing enclosure. Each single LEC cell includes one LD panel having one light-emitting side and one PV solar panel adjoining the said LD panel; alternatively, a double-sided LD panel capable of emitting solar radiation evenly on both sides and two adjoining PV panels on each of the outer side of the said LD panel form a double LEC cell. A spectral & thermal conditioning system of the HC solar radiation beam represented by a combination of spectral cooling and heat sink devices reduces the thermal load in the LEC stack assembly and also improves the its light-to-electricity conversion rate.
Claims 1. A Concentrated PV solar power stack system for generating electricity through direct high concentration sunlight-to-electricity conversion, said power system comprising: (a) a solar concentrator assembly that provides HC solar radiation having at least one solar concentrator, at least one sun tracking device and at least one combination of spectral and thermal conditioning means of the said HC solar radiation; (b) a HC light pipe having a plurality of optic fiber bundles that transmit HC solar radiation and the said HC light pipe having two ends, one said end coupled to said solar concentrator assembly; (c) a LEC stack assembly having a plurality of LEC cells enclosed in a housing structure, each said LEC cell having one light-emitting LD panel and at least one direct light-to-electricity generating PV panel positioned adjacent each said LD panel, and each of the said LD panel having at least one optical inlet port coupled by optical connections to the other said end of said HC light pipe, and (d) a controller & power conditioning assembly for collection, storage and distribution of electricity generated by each said LEC cell having a at least one DC controller, at least one battery bank, at least one DC-AC inverter, at least one control panel and two electrical connections, one said electrical connection coupled to the interconnect wires connecting each said PV panel of each said LEC cell and the other said electrical connection coupled to at least one load. 2. A concentrated PV solar power stack system as set forth in claim 1 wherein the said solar concentrator assembly includes a combination of geometrically-shaped mirrors interconnected in a least one-stage arrangement to yield high concentration ratios of solar radiation. 3. A concentrated PV solar power stack system as set forth in claim 2 wherein the combination of geometrically-shaped mirrors includes at least one: (a) parabolic mirror; (b) cone-shaped mirror; (c) tetrahedrally-shaped mirror, or/and (d) through-shaped mirror; interconnected in a least one-stage arrangement to yield high concentration ratios of solar radiation. 4. A concentrated PV solar power stack system as set forth in claim 1 wherein the said solar concentrator assembly includes a combination of refractive optical devices interconnected in at least one-stage arrangement to yield high concentration ratios of solar radiation. 5. A concentrated PV solar power stack system as set forth in claim 4 wherein the combination of refractive optical devices includes at least one: (a) lens; (b) prism, and/or (c) dichroic device, interconnected in a least one-stage arrangement to yield high concentration ratios of solar radiation. 6. A concentrated PV solar power stack system as set forth in claim 1 wherein the said solar concentrator assembly includes at least a combination of geometrically-shaped mirrors and at least one combination of refractive optical devices interconnected in a multi-stage arrangement to yield high concentration ratios of solar radiation. 7. A concentrated PV solar power stack system as set forth in claim 1 wherein the said solar concentrator assembly includes at least one combination of spectral and thermal conditioning of the HC solar radiation means comprising: (a) at least one combination of spectral cooling devices to remove the UV and IR radiations from the said HC solar radiation; (b) at least one combination of heat sink devices to cool down the said HC solar radiation to optimal temperature levels for proper PV panels operation. 8. A concentrated PV solar power stack system as set forth in claim 1 wherein the said LEC stack assembly having a plurality of LEC cells and a housing structure divided in at least four compartments, having the said LEC cells placed inside a first compartment, the said optical connections to the said HC light pipe placed in a second compartment, the said electrical interconnect wires located in a third compartment and the said control panel installed in a fourth compartment of the said housing structure. 9. A concentrated PV solar power stack system as set forth in claim 8 wherein the said plurality of LEC cells are assembled in a stack configuration, secured by fasteners and having the said LEC stack placed inside the said first compartment of the said housing structure. 10. A concentrated PV solar power stack system as set forth in claim 8 wherein each of the said LEC cell includes one LD panel having a one-sided light-emitting area, and one PV solar panel adjoining the light-emitting side of the said LD panel in a closed PV panel-LD panel paired pattern to form a single S-LEC cell. 11. A concentrated PV solar power stack system as set forth in claim 8 wherein each of the said LEC cell includes one LD panel having a double-sided light-emitting area and two opposing PV panels positioned adjacent on each of the outer side of the said LD panel in a closed PV panel-LD panel-PV panel paired pattern to form a double D-LEC cell. 12. A concentrated PV solar power stack system as set forth in claim 8 wherein the said plurality of LEC cells mounted in the said stack configuration having the said LD panels of the said LEC cells receive HC solar radiation, and the said HC solar radiation is remotely generated by the said solar concentrator assembly and transmitted through the said optic fiber bundles of the said HC light pipe to a manifold of optical connectors coupled to the said LD panels inside the said second compartment of the said housing structure. 13. A concentrated PV solar power stack system as set forth in claim 8 wherein the said plurality of LEC cells mounted in the said stack configuration having the said PV panels of the said LEC cells electrically interconnected inside the said third compartment of the said housing structure to produce a power circuit of the desired current voltage and power and having the said power circuit connected to the said controller. 14. A concentrated PV solar power stack system as set forth in claim 10 wherein the said one-sided LD panel includes a OFLD panel having a plurality of optic fibers with controlled light-emitting areas at their distal ends evenly distributed over the entire light-emitting zone of the said OFLD panel, and a reflective floor panel redirecting the scattered light from the said light-emitting areas of the said optic fibers back to the light-emitting side of the said OFLD panel. 15. A concentrated PV solar power stack system as set forth in claim 14 wherein the said OFLD panel comprising: (a) a supporting frame extending around the perimeter of the said one-sided LD panel having the front and back ends wider to include the four mounting holes to assemble the said one-sided LD panel in the said single LEC cell inside the said holding frame structure of the said housing structure; (b) a plurality of optic fibers having two ends, the proximal end of the said optic fibers being bundled up in an optical connector and the distal end of the said optic fibers protruding a plurality of guiding holes placed equidistantly in a parallel pattern into the front end of the said supporting frame and extending throughout the light-emitting zone of the said one-sided LD panel demarcated by the inside contour of said supporting frame; and (c) an optic fiber inlet port having the said optical connector of the said plurality of optic fibers coupled to the said manifold of optical connectors of the said HC light pipe to receive HC solar radiation from said solar concentrator assembly. 16. A concentrated PV solar power stack system as set forth in claim 15 wherein the said plurality of optic fibers having their distal ends inside the said light-emitting zone of the OFLD panel directed in a parallel equally spaced pattern towards the back end of the said supporting frame, and having precisely controlled light-emitting areas formed by removing the cladding from preset equal lengths at the distal ends of the said optic fibers. 17. A concentrated PV solar power stack system as set forth in claim 16 wherein the said plurality of optic fibers having equal lengths of light-emitting areas are divided in N sets of same-length and each set is spread evenly across the entire width of the said light-emitting zone (e.g., N=2-10) to form N illumination bands stretching in a direction transverse to the said optic fibers and positioned next to each other to cover the entire said light-emitting zone from the front end to the back end of the said OFLD panel. 18. A concentrated PV solar power stack system as set forth in claim 10 wherein the said one-sided LD panel includes a LB panel which functions as a light-emitting panel using a combination of refractive and reflective elements to release evenly the solar radiation over its light-emitting side. 19. A concentrated PV solar power stack system as set forth in claim 18 wherein the said LB panel comprising: (a) a supporting frame extending around the perimeter of the said one-sided LB panel having the front and back ends wider to include the four mounting holes to assemble the said one-sided LB panel in the said single LEC cell inside the said holding frame structure of the said housing structure; (b) a floor plate having a plurality of pyramidal reflectors cast into the said floor plate in an elongated structure pattern of the same height from one lateral side to the other of the said frame and oriented transverse relative to the incoming sunlight beam; and (c) at least, one optical inlet port directing solar radiation into the light-emitting zone of the LB panel. 20. A concentrated PV solar power stack system as set forth in claim 19 wherein the said pyramidal reflectors form raised reflective angled profiles as they lay taller more distal to the optical inlet port of the said LB panel in a precise parallel pattern to produce the scattering of the incoming light evenly over the area under their reflective effect to ensure accurate reflection geometry for even light distribution over the entire light-emitting zone of the LB panel. 21. A concentrated PV solar power stack system as set forth in claim 19 wherein the said optical inlet port includes a highly reflective housing having tapered walls and a rectangular optical window with right angle prisms placed sideways to direct the HC sunlight entering the said optical inlet port towards the light-emitting zone of the said LB panel. 22. A concentrated PV solar power stack system as set forth in claim 21 wherein the said housing is a trough placed sideways having its opened side oriented towards the rectangular optical window and the wall opposite to the said optical window tapered in an angle that allows for the HC sunlight entering the said housing to be evenly averaged and distributed across the right angle prisms located in the optical window into the entire light-emitting zone of the LB panel. 23. A concentrated PV solar power stack system as set forth in claim 11 wherein the said double-sided LD panel includes a OFLD panel having a plurality of optic fibers with controlled light-emitting areas at their distal ends evenly distributed over the entire light-emitting zone of the said OFLD panel. 24. A LEC stack assembly for generating electricity through direct light-to-electricity conversion of intense beam of sunlight having a plurality of LEC cells enclosed in a housing structure in a horizontal or vertical linear stack configuration, each said LEC cell having one light-emitting LD panel and at least one PV panel positioned adjacent each said LD panel. 25. A LEC stack assembly for generating electricity through direct light-to-electricity conversion of intense beam of sunlight having a plurality of LEC cells enclosed in a housing structure in a radial stack configuration, each said LEC cell having one light-emitting LD panel and at least one PV panel positioned adjacent each said LD panel. 