A lateral wind turbine is presented. The lateral wind turbine includes an elongated rod that rotates about a rotation axis through the center of the rod. The lateral wind turbine further includes a number of blades radiating out from the rod in an arrangement along the length of the rod to capture wind energy. A wind collector, preferably in the form of a cylinder, at least partially houses and supports the elongated rod and the plurality of blades to allow rotation of the elongated rod about the rotation axis. The wind collector has an inlet an outlet, and at least one airflow guide at the inlet, to guide the wind energy through the plurality of blades at least partially transverse to the rotation axis.
Claims 1. A lateral wind turbine for mounting on an edge of a structure, the wind turbine comprising: an elongated rod that rotates about a rotation axis through the center of the rod; a plurality of blades radiating out from the rod in an arrangement along the length of the rod and adapted to capture wind energy that is at least partially transverse to the rotation axis; a bearing coupled to a distal end of the rod; and a generator coupled to a proximal end of the rod. 2. A lateral wind turbine in accordance with claim 1, further comprising a housing adapted to cover the rod and plurality of blades, and having an inlet and an outlet to allow airflow over one side of the rod. 3. A lateral wind turbine in accordance with claim 1, wherein the arrangement of the plurality of blades is a helical arrangement along the length of the rod. 4. A lateral wind turbine in accordance with claim 1, wherein each of the plurality of blades is triangular. 5. A lateral wind turbine in accordance with claim 2, wherein the distal end of the rod is rotatably mounted to an end of the housing. 6. A lateral wind turbine in accordance with claim 5, further comprising a bearing that mounts the distal end of the rod to the end of the housing. 7. A lateral wind turbine in accordance with claim 5, further comprising a magnetic inductor that mounts the distal end of the rod to the end of the housing. 8. A lateral wind turbine in accordance with claim 1, wherein the generator is adapted to convert rotational motion of the rod into electricity. 9. A lateral wind turbine in accordance with claim 1, wherein the rod and the plurality of blades are formed of a unitary material. 10. A lateral wind turbine in accordance with claim 1, wherein the plurality of blades are dynamically tunable to one of a range of angular pitches with respect to the rod. 11. A lateral wind turbine, comprising: an elongated housing with a rotation axis and including an outer surface having an inlet and an outlet, the inlet and outlet defining an airflow passageway that is transverse to the rotation axis; a rod mounted within the elongated housing and configured to rotate about the rotation axis; a plurality of blades radiating out from the rod along the rotation axis and configured to capture wind energy traveling through the airflow passageway; and a generator coupled to a proximal end of the rod. 12. A lateral wind turbine in accordance with claim 11, wherein the elongated housing is substantially cylindrical. 13. A lateral wind turbine in accordance with claim 11, wherein the generator is connected to the housing. 14. A lateral wind turbine in accordance with claim 11, wherein a distal end of the rod is rotatably mounted to an inner end of the housing. 15. A power generation system comprising: a structure; and one or more lateral wind turbines mounted along an edge of the structure, each lateral wind turbine comprising: a rotor assembly having a rod that rotates about a rotation axis and a plurality of blades radiating out from the rod along the rotation axis and arranged to capture wind energy that is transverse to the rotation axis; and a power generator coupled to a proximal end of the rotor assembly. 16. A power generation system in accordance with claim 15, further comprising a cylindrical housing over the rotor assembly and having a surface that is adapted to allow transverse airflow into an inlet, over at least a portion of the rotor assembly, and out through an outlet for passage. 17. A power generation system in accordance with claim 15, wherein two or more lateral wind turbines are connected in series along the edge of the structure. 18. A method of generating electricity comprising: placing a lateral wind turbine at an edge of a structure where wind energy is concentrated and accelerated, the lateral wind turbine comprising: an elongated rod that rotates about a rotation axis through the center of the rod; a plurality of blades radiating out from the rod in an arrangement along the length of the rod and adapted to capture wind energy that is at least partially transverse to the rotation axis; a bearing coupled to a distal end of the rod; and a generator coupled to a proximal end of the rod; and generating electricity from the concentrated and accelerated wind energy using the elongated lateral rotating wind turbine. 19. A method in accordance with claim 18, wherein the edge of the structure is a roofline of the structure. 20. A method in accordance with claim 18, further comprising connecting one end of a first lateral wind turbine onto one end of a second lateral wind turbine. 21. An apparatus, comprising: a housing covering an elongated rotor, the elongated rotor having a plurality of radially-extending blades, the housing further including a passageway that is transverse to an axis of rotation of the rotor to allow airflow through the radially-extending blades at least partially laterally to a rotation axis of the rotor to rotate the rotor. 22. An apparatus in accordance with claim 21, further comprising a generator connected to the elongated rotor to generate electricity from rotation of the rotor. 23. An apparatus, comprising: a cylindrical housing having a rotation axis and an airflow passageway that is transverse to the rotation axis; and means, mounted in the cylindrical housing, for converting wind energy through the airflow passageway into rotary energy defined by a rotation axis that is transverse to a direction of the wind energy; and a generator connected with the converting means for converting the rotary energy into electricity. 24. A clean, renewable energy system, comprising: a structure having at least one surface; one or more lateral wind turbines connected along an edge of the surface to convert wind energy concentrated on and accelerated by the at least one surface toward the edge, the one or more lateral wind turbines adapted to convert the wind energy into electricity; and one or more solar panels arranged on the at least one surface to convert solar energy into heat and/or electricity. 25. A clean, renewable energy system in accordance with claim 25, wherein each of the one or more lateral wind turbines includes: an elongated housing with a rotation axis and including an outer surface having an inlet and an outlet, the inlet and outlet defining an airflow passageway that is transverse to the rotation axis; a rod mounted within the elongated housing and configured to rotate about the rotation axis; a plurality of blades radiating out from the rod along the rotation axis and configured to capture wind energy traveling through the airflow passageway; and a generator coupled to a proximal end of the rod. 26. A clean, renewable energy system in accordance with claim 25, wherein each of the one or more solar panels includes an array of photovoltaic cells. 27. A wind turbine comprising: one more wind turbine segments, each wind turbine segment comprising: an elongated rod that rotates about a rotation axis through the center of the rod; and a plurality of blades radiating out from the rod in an arrangement along the length of the rod to capture wind energy that is at least partially transverse to the rotation axis; and a wind collector that at least partially houses each of the one or more wind turbine segments, the wind collector having an inlet and an outlet, and at least one airflow guides at the inlet, each wind collector supporting at least one wind turbine segment in a rotational arrangement. 28. A wind turbine comprising: an elongated rod that rotates about a rotation axis through the center of the rod; and a plurality of blades radiating out from the rod in an arrangement along the length of the rod to capture wind energy; and a wind collector that at least partially houses and supports the elongated rod and the plurality of blades to allow rotation of the elongated rod about the rotation axis, the wind collector having an inlet an outlet, and at least one airflow guide at the inlet, to guide the wind energy through the plurality of blades at least partially transverse to the rotation axis. 29. The wind turbine of claim 28, wherein each of the plurality of blades includes a V-shaped blade surface. 30. The wind turbine of claim 28, wherein the arrangement of the plurality of blades is helical. 31. A wind turbine comprising: an cylindrical collector having an inlet and an outlet along a length of the cylindrical collector; a wind turbine assembly rotatably mounted in the cylindrical collector and configured to spin around a rotation axis through the length of the cylindrical collector, the wind turbine assembly comprising a rod having a distal end mounted to a first end of the cylindrical collector by a bearing, the rod having a proximal end connected to a drive shaft of a device that converts rotational energy of the wind turbine assembly into electricity, the wind turbine assembly further including a plurality of blades extending radially from the rod in an arrangement along the length of rod to capture wind energy that has a direction that is transverse to the length of the cylindrical collector to rotate the wind turbine assembly. 32. The wind turbine in accordance with claim 31, wherein the device that converts rotational energy of the wind turbine assembly is selected from a group of devices that consists of: a generator, a compressor, an alternator, and an inverter. 33. The wind turbine in accordance with claim 31, wherein the arrangement of the plurality of blades is a helix along the rod. 34. The wind turbine in accordance with claim 31, wherein the cylindrical collector further includes one or more airflow guides connected to the cylindrical collector proximate the inlet. 35. The wind turbine in accordance with claim 34, wherein each of the one or more airflow guides includes a pitch relative to the length of the cylindrical collector that is independently adjustable. 