A solar collector system includes a plurality of frames. Each frame includes at least a pair of spaced apart side members, a plurality of cross members connected to the side members, the cross members pivotally moveable from a shipping configuration to a deployed configuration wherein in the deployed configuration, each cross member is positioned relative to an adjacent cross member with a predetermined angle, and a plurality of stantions extending from the frames. The solar collector system further includes a plurality of heliostats, each heliostat mounted to one of the stantions, and a plurality of ballasts coupled to the frames, each ballast having a lower surface contacting the ground without substantially penetrating the ground to maintain a position of the frames on the ground.
Claims 1. A solar collector system comprising: a frame comprising at least a pair of side members and a plurality of cross members connected to the pair of side members; a plurality of heliostats mounted to the frame; and a plurality of ballasts coupled to the frame and configured to maintain a position of the frame on the ground. 2. The solar collector system of claim 1, wherein each cross member is pivotable relative to an adjacent cross member between a shipping configuration and a deployed configuration, wherein in the deployed configuration, adjacent cross members are oriented relative to each other at a predetermined angle. 3. The solar collector system of claim 1, further comprising a hinge for pivotally connecting pairs of the cross members, the hinge comprising: a first portion configured to receive a first cross member; a second portion pivotally connected to the first portion and configured to receive a second cross member; wherein the first portion and the second portion are moveable relative to each other between a closed position and an open position, wherein the first and second cross members are oriented relative to each other at a predetermined angle in the open position; and wherein the first portion and the second portion engage in the open position to maintain the first portion relative to the second portion at the predetermined angle. 4. The solar collector system of claim 1, further comprising a hinge for pivotally connecting pairs of the cross members, the hinge comprising: a plate connected to a first cross member and having at least one guide slot configured to receive a projection of a second cross member pivotally coupled to the plate; wherein pivoting the second cross member relative to the plate guides the projection in the guide slot; and wherein the first cross member and the second cross member form a predetermined angle when the projection is guided in the guide slot. 5. The solar collector system of claim 1, further comprising a plurality of stantions extending from the frame, wherein each heliostat is connected to an associated stantion. 6. The solar collector system of claim 5, wherein the plurality of stantions are positioned on opposing side members of the frame in a staggered formation. 7. The solar collector system of claim 5, wherein each stantion is attached to the side members. 8. The solar collector system of claim 5, wherein each stantion is mounted on a corresponding ballast. 9. The solar collector system of claim 5, wherein each stantion is pivotally connected to a pair of adjacent cross members. 10. The solar collector system of claim 5, wherein the side members are connected to the cross members in a space between opposing stantions. 11. The solar collector system of claim 1, further comprising a height adjustment and mounting mechanism associated with each ballast, wherein the frame is coupled to each ballast with the height adjustment and mounting mechanism. 12. The solar collector system of claim 1, wherein at least one of the side members and the cross members comprises hollow tubes configured to receive electrical components. 13. The solar collector system of claim 1, further comprising a cleaning mechanism comprising: a chassis having guide elements configured to engage a guide portion of each side member to traverse along the frame between the side members; and a plurality of cleaning devices mounted on the chassis and configured to clean optical surfaces of each heliostat as the chassis traverses between the side members. 14. A solar collector system comprising: a plurality of frames, each frame comprising: at least a pair of spaced apart side members; a plurality of cross members connected to the side members, the cross members pivotally moveable from a shipping configuration to a deployed configuration wherein in the deployed configuration, each cross member is positioned relative to an adjacent cross member with a predetermined angle; and a plurality of stantions extending from the frames. a plurality of heliostats, each heliostat mounted to one of the stantions; and a plurality of ballasts coupled to the frames, each ballast having a lower surface contacting the ground without substantially penetrating the ground to maintain a position of the frames on the ground. 15. The solar collector system of claim 14, wherein at least one of the side members and cross members of each frame is connectable to at least one of the side members and cross members of another frame to connect the frames. 16. The solar collector system of claim 14, further comprising a hinge for pivotally connecting pairs of the cross members, the hinge comprising: a first portion configured to receive a first cross member; a second portion pivotally connected to the first portion and configured to receive a second cross member; wherein the first portion and the second portion are moveable relative to each other between a closed position and an open position, wherein the first and second cross members are oriented relative to each other at a predetermined angle in the open position; and wherein the first portion and the second portion engage in the open position to substantially maintain the first portion relative to the second portion at the predetermined angle. 17. The solar collector system of claim 16, further comprising a hinge for pivotally connecting pairs of the cross members, the hinge comprising: a plate connected to a first cross member and having at least one guide slot configured to receive a projection of a second cross member pivotally coupled to the plate; wherein pivoting the second cross member relative to the plate guides the projection in the guide slot; and wherein the first cross member and the second cross member form a predetermined angle when the projection is guided in the guide slot. 18. The solar collector system of claim 14, wherein the plurality of stantions are positioned on opposing side members of the frames in a staggered formation. 19. The solar collector system of claim 14, wherein each stantion is attached to the side members. 20. The solar collector system of claim 14, wherein each stantion is mounted on a corresponding ballast. 21. The solar collector system of claim 14, wherein each stantion is pivotally connected to a pair of adjacent cross members. 22. The solar collector system of claim 14, wherein the side members are connected to the cross members in a space between opposing stantions. 23. The solar collector system of claim 14, further comprising a height adjustment and mounting mechanism associated with each ballast, wherein the frame is coupled to each ballast with the height adjustment and mounting mechanism. 24. The solar collector system of claim 14, wherein at least one of the side members and the cross members comprises hollow tubes configured to receive electrical components. 25. The solar collector system of claim 14, further comprising a cleaning mechanism comprising: a chassis having guide elements configured to engage a guide portion of each side member to traverse along the frame between the side members; and a plurality of cleaning devices mounted on the chassis and configured to clean optical surfaces of each heliostat as the chassis traverses between the side members. 26. A method of installing a solar collector system comprising: deploying cross members of a frame from a shipping configuration to a deployed configuration; connecting side members of the frame and the cross members together; coupling the frame to a plurality of ballasts to maintain a position of the frame on the ground; and mounting a plurality of heliostats to the frame. 27. The method of claim 26, wherein deploying the cross members to the deployed configuration comprises pivoting each cross member relative to an adjacent cross member about a hinge and locking the cross members in the deployed configuration at a predetermined angle between adjacent cross members. 28. The method of claim 26, further comprising forming the ballasts onsite from concrete when coupling the frame to the plurality of ballasts. 29. The method of claim 26, further comprising mounting the side members to the ballasts before deploying the cross members to the deployed configuration and connecting side members and the cross members together. 30. The method of claim 29, wherein mounting the side members to the ballasts comprises mounting stantions to the ballasts, wherein the stantions are attached to the side members and extend from side members. 31. The method of claim 26, further comprising deploying the cross members to the deployed configuration and mounting the cross members to the ballasts before connecting the side members to the cross members. 32. The method of claim 31, wherein mounting the side members to the ballasts comprises mounting each of a plurality of stantions to a corresponding ballast, wherein each stantion pivotally connects adjacent cross members. 33. The method of claim 26, further comprising: deploying a first side member having a plurality of the cross members pivotally connected thereto; deploying a second side member spaced apart from the first side member, the second side member having a plurality of the cross members pivotally connected thereto; pivoting the cross members of the first side member toward the second side member; connecting the cross members of the first side member to the second side member; pivoting the cross members of the second side member toward the first side member; and connecting the cross members of the second side member to the first side member. 34. The method of claim 26, further comprising adjusting a height of the frame with height adjusting mechanisms coupling the frame to each ballast. 