A wireless headset (eg. Bluetooth, a trade mark) is powered by one or more rechargeable batteries and has a solar panel mounted thereon connected to the battery to augment or replace the battery power. The solar panel is preferably used in conjunction with a battery in the headset and significantly increases the battery life. With the solar panel, the headset can be used for much longer periods of time without recharging.
Claims 1. A solar powered wireless headset comprising a headset for mounting on one ear of a user, said headset having power wires extending to a rechargeable battery, a solar panel being mounted on or adjacent to a surface of said headset, said solar panel being connected in parallel with said battery to power said headset and/or recharge said battery. 2. A headset as claimed in claim 1 wherein said headset is a headset operated by bluetooth software and has an on/off mode and a rest/activate mode. 3. A headset as claimed in claim 1 wherein said headset is connected to be powered by said battery, said solar panel or a combination of both, said polar panel being connected to recharge said battery whenever energy produced by said solar panel exceeds energy required by said headset. 4. A headset as claimed in claim 3 wherein said solar panel is sized to have a significantly larger voltage than said battery. 5. A headset as claimed in claim 4 wherein a voltage of said solar panel is approximately double a voltage of said battery. 6. A solar powered wireless headset comprising a headset mounted on an ear of a user, said headset having a receiver and transmitter contained within a housing and being powered by a solar panel mounted on said housing, an output from said solar panel being connected to a rechargeable battery located within said housing. 7. A solar powered wireless headset comprising a headset for mounting on one ear of a user, said headset having power wires extending to an energy supply, a solar panel being mounted on or adjacent to a surface of said headset, said solar panel being connected to said power wires to power said headset and to replenish said energy supply when sufficient energy is received from said solar panel, said energy supply being connected to power said headset when said solar panel is not producing sufficient energy. 8. A headset as claimed in claim 7 wherein said solar panel forms a wall of said headset. 9. A headset as claimed in claim 8 wherein an electronic circuit of said headset is formed on an inner surface of said solar panel. 