A closeable case includes a power system stored in an interior of the closeable case. The closeable case includes a power system, and at least a portion of the power system is integral to the closeable case. The closeable case also includes at least one power generating device stored in the closeable case and at least partially removable from the closeable case.
Claims 1. A closeable case including a power system stored in an interior of the closeable case, comprising: a power system, at least a portion of the power system being integral to the closeable case; and at least one power generating device of the power system stored in the closeable case and at least partially removable from the closeable case. 2. The closeable case of claim 1, wherein the at least one power generating device includes a solar array. 3. The closeable case of claim 2, wherein the solar array is stored in the closeable case in a folded configuration. 4. The closeable case of claim 2, wherein the solar array is an accordion-type solar array. 5. The closeable case of claim 2, wherein the solar array includes a plurality of solar panels connected by at least one hinge. 6. The closeable case of claim 5, wherein the plurality of solar panels are stackable when the solar array is stored in the closeable case. 7. The closeable case of claim 5, wherein the plurality of solar panels includes a centrally located solar panel connected by a plurality of the hinges to a plurality of other solar panels. 8. The closeable case of claim 7, wherein the centrally located solar panel is permanently mounted to the closeable case. 9. The closeable case of claim 5, wherein the at least one solar panel is replaceable. 10. The closeable case of claim 1, wherein the at least one power generating device includes a wind turbine. 11. The closeable case of claim 10, wherein the wind turbine includes a plurality of blades, and the blades are capable of changing between an expanded configuration and a collapsed configuration. 12. The closeable case of claim 11, wherein the blades of the wind turbine are foldable, inflatable, retractable, or made more compact. 13. The closeable case of claim 1, wherein the closeable case includes at least one edible component. 14. The closeable case of claim 1, wherein the power system includes communications equipment for at least one of remote monitoring and remote control. 15. The closeable case of claim 1, wherein the closeable case is an airline-checkable suitcase. 16. The closeable case of claim 1, wherein the at least one power generating device includes a solar blanket including at least one solar panel. 17. The closeable case of claim 16, wherein the at least one solar panel of the solar blanket is attached to a flexible material. 18. The closeable case of claim 16, wherein the at least one solar panel is replaceable. 19. The closeable case of claim 1, further including a temperature control system configured to control a temperature within the closeable case. 20. The closeable case of claim 19, wherein the temperature control system includes a ventilation system. 21. The closeable case of claim 19, wherein the temperature control system is thermostatically controlled. 22. The closeable case of claim 19, wherein the temperature control system is isolated from the power system. 23. The closeable case of claim 1, wherein the power system includes a battery system. 24. The closeable case of claim 23, wherein at least a portion of the battery system is removably attachable to an exterior of the closeable case. 25. The closeable case of claim 1, further including a handle. 26. The closeable case of claim 1, wherein the closeable case is configured to be carried by a user. 27. The closeable case of claim 1, further including a first section of the closeable case that is configured to pivot with respect to a second section of the closeable case. 28. The closeable case of claim 27, wherein at least a portion of the power system is integral to at least one of the first and second sections. 29. The closeable case of claim 27, wherein the at least one power generating device is stored in and at least partially removable from at least one of the first and second sections. 30. The closeable case of claim 29, wherein the at least one power generating device is integral to the other of the at least one of the first and second sections. 31. The closeable case of claim 27, wherein the first and second sections of the closeable case are configured to be closed together. 33. A transportable power system comprising: a first closeable case for storing at least one power generating device and at least one first battery, the at least one power generating device being removable from the first closeable case; and a second closeable case for storing at least one second battery, the first and second batteries being capable of receiving power from the at least one power generating device. 34. The transportable power system of claim 33, wherein the at least one power generating device includes a solar array. 35. The transportable power system of claim 33, wherein the at least one power generating device includes a wind turbine. 36. The transportable power system of claim 33, wherein each of the first and second closable cases is an airline-checkable suitcase. 37. The transportable power system of claim 33, wherein at least a portion of the at least one first battery is removeably attachable to an exterior of the first closeable case. 38. A method of transporting a power system stored in an interior of a transportable case, comprising: storing a power generating device of the power system within a first section of the transportable case; transporting the transportable case to a desired location; opening the transportable case by moving one of the first section and a second section of the transportable case with respect to the other of the first section and the second section of the transportable case; removing at least a portion of the power generating device from within the first section of the transportable case; receiving power from the power generating device; and providing access to the received power. 39. The method of claim 38, wherein at least a portion of the power system is integral to at least one of the first section and the second section of the transportable case. 40. The method of claim 38, further including supplying power from the power generating device to a battery system. 41. The method of claim 40, further including removably attaching at least a portion of the battery system to an exterior of the transportable case. 42. The method of claim 38, further including controlling a temperature within the transportable case. 43. The method of claim 38, wherein the at least one power generating device includes a solar blanket including at least one solar panel. 44. The method of claim 43, wherein the at least one solar panel of the solar blanket is attached to a flexible material of the solar blanket. 45. The method of claim 38, wherein the transporting of the closeable case includes carrying the transportable case to the desired location. 