A method for manufacturing low resistance substrate which is useful, for instance, for display device, etc., is provided. The low resistance substrate is manufactured by a mounting step in which a linear article made of a resin-covered metal is mounted on a substrate; a fixing step in which the resin by which the metal is covered is melted by heating the linear article, and the metal is fixed on the substrate; and a film forming step in which an electrode is formed filmily so as to cover the substrate and the metal fixed on the substrate with the electrode.
Claims 1. Method for manufacturing low resistance substrate, comprising: a mounting step in which a linear article made of a resin-covered metal is mounted on a substrate; a fixing step in which the resin by which the metal is covered is melted by heating the linear article, the melted resin is allowed to come into and conform to space between the metal and the substrate, and thereby the metal is fixed on the substrate by the resin come in the space so that the resin gives a smooth curve at the space between the metal and the substrate as the outline of the space; and a film forming step in which an electrode is formed filmily so as to cover the substrate and the metal fixed on the substrate with the electrode, wherein the electrode shows transparency or semitransparency. 2. (canceled) 3. The method for manufacturing low resistance substrate according to claim 1, further comprising an adhesiveness improvement layer forming step in which an adhesiveness improving layer made of an organic or inorganic material is formed onto the substrate in advance of the mounting step. 4. The method for manufacturing low resistance substrate according to claim 1, further comprising a surface reforming step for the surface of the substrate in advance of the mounting step. 5. The method for manufacturing low resistance substrate according to claim 1, further comprising a resin layer forming step in which a resin layer is formed on the substrate in advance of the mounting step. 6. The method for manufacturing low resistance substrate according to claim 5, wherein at the fixing step the resin layer is also melted by heating the linear article. 7. (canceled) 8. The method for manufacturing low resistance substrate according to claim 1, further comprising a cooling step for cooling the metal after the fixing step and before the film forming step. 9. Electroluminescence type optical display device which comprises a low resistance substrate which is manufactured in accordance with the method for manufacturing low resistance substrate claimed in claim 1. 10. The method for manufacturing low resistance substrate according to claim 1, wherein the linear article shows sectional configuration of circle. 11. Solar cell which comprises a low resistance substrate which is manufactured in accordance with the method for manufacturing low resistance substrate claimed in claim 1. 12. Illumination which comprises a low resistance substrate which is manufactured in accordance with the method for manufacturing low resistance substrate claimed in claim 1. 