A photovoltaic module includes a first photovoltaic cell, a second photovoltaic cell and an energy storage device, such as a battery or capacitor, integrated into the module.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic module, comprising: a first photovoltaic cell; a second photovoltaic cell; and an energy storage device integrated into the module. 2. The module of claim 1, wherein the first photovoltaic cell, the second photovoltaic cell and the energy storage device are located between a front encapsulating layer of the module and a back encapsulating layer of the module. 3. The module of claim 2, wherein the charge storage device comprises a thin film rechargeable charge storage device which is electrically connected to at least one of the first and the second photovoltaic cells. 4. The module of claim 3, wherein the energy storage device comprises a battery. 5. The module of claim 3, wherein the energy storage device comprises a capacitor. 6. The module of claim 2, further comprising a collector-connector which comprises an electrically insulating carrier and at least one electrical conductor to form a flexible circuit, wherein the collector-connector is configured to collect current from the first photovoltaic cell and to electrically connect the first photovoltaic cell with the second photovoltaic cell. 7. The module of claim 6, wherein: the collector-connector electrically contacts a first polarity electrode of the first photovoltaic cell in such a way as to collect current from the first photovoltaic cell; and the collector-connector directly or indirectly electrically contacts a second polarity electrode of the second photovoltaic cell to electrically connect the first polarity electrode of the first photovoltaic cell to the second polarity electrode of the second photovoltaic cell. 8. The module of claim 7, wherein: the first and the second photovoltaic cells comprise plate shaped cells which are located adjacent to each other; the first polarity electrode of the first photovoltaic cell comprises an optically transparent front side electrode which is adapted to face the Sun; the second polarity electrode of the second photovoltaic cell comprises a back side electrode which is adapted to face away from the Sun; the carrier comprises a flexible sheet or ribbon; the at least one electrical conductor comprises a plurality of flexible, electrically conductive wires or traces supported by the carrier; the wires or the traces electrically contact a major portion of a surface of the first polarity electrode of the first photovoltaic cell; and the wires or the traces directly or indirectly electrically contact at least a portion of the second polarity electrode of the second photovoltaic cell to electrically connect it to the first polarity electrode of the first photovoltaic cell. 9. The module of claim 8, wherein: the at least one electrical conductor comprises a conductor located on a first side of the carrier; at least a first part of carrier is located over a front surface of the first photovoltaic cell such that the conductor electrically contacts the first polarity electrode on the front side of the first photovoltaic cell; and an electrically conductive tab electrically connects the conductor to the second polarity electrode of the second photovoltaic cell. 10. The module of claim 6, further comprising a second collector-connector located below the first and the second photovoltaic cells and above the charge storage device. 11. The module of claim 10, wherein the second collector-connector is configured to collect current from the energy storage device and to electrically connect the energy storage device with a second energy storage device. 12. The module of claim 6, wherein the first photovoltaic cell and the charge storage device are electrically connected in parallel and are located adjacent to each other between the collector-connector and a second collector-connector. 13. The module of claim 1, wherein the module lacks a bypass diode and the charge storage device is configured to replace the bypass diode for hot spot protection. 14. The module of claim 13, wherein the first photovoltaic cell and the charge storage device are electrically connected in parallel. 15. The module of claim 1, wherein: the first photovoltaic cell and the charge storage device are electrically connected in parallel to form a first device pair; the second photovoltaic cell is electrically connected in parallel to a second charge storage device to form a second device pair; and the first device pair is electrically connected in series to the second device pair. 16. The module of claim 1, wherein: the first photovoltaic cell and the second photovoltaic cell are electrically connected in series to form a first string; the charge storage device is electrically connected in series to a second charge storage device to form a second string; and the first string is electrically connected in parallel to the second string. 17. The module of claim 1, further comprising a charge control device which is integrated into the module and which is configured to control an output of the charge storage device. 18. The module of claim 1, further comprising a universal DC port which is configured to enable external DC devices to be powered or charged by the module. 19. The module of claim 1, wherein the module comprises a completely integrated one-piece system that is configured to be used for off-grid or battery back-up applications. 20. A photovoltaic module comprising: a plurality of photovoltaic cells; and a junction box comprising an inverter and at least one charge storage device. 