A solar cell mesh includes multiple strips of flexible photovoltaic conversion cells disposed in a first direction. Multiple strips of flexible material are intertwined with the multiple strips of flexible photovoltaic material at least somewhat orthogonal to the first direction to form the mesh, such as in a fabric or net. The mesh may be applied to a curved surface of the device and encapsulated such that the mesh is conformal with the curved surface of the device.
Claims 1. A method of adding solar material to a device, the method comprising: forming strips of flexible solar material; creating a mesh from the strips of flexible solar material wherein the strips are electrically coupled to each other; applying the mesh to a curved surface of the device; and encapsulating the mesh such that it is conformal with the curved surface of the device. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein the strips of flexible solar material are cut from a panel of solar material. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein the strips have segments of solar cells that are electrically coupled in series to obtain a desired voltage for the strips. 4. The method of claim 3 wherein the strips have a width adapted to provide a desired amount of current. 5. The method of claim 1 wherein the strips are weaved to form a fabric. 6. The method of claim 1 wherein the mesh is tied to form a net. 7. The method of claim 1 wherein the strips are weaved with non-solar transparent strips. 8. The method of claim 1 wherein the encapsulated mesh is tinted to a desired color independent of chemistry of the strips. 9. The method of claim 1 wherein the mesh is at least partially encapsulated and applied to the curved surface using a vacuum. 10. A solar energy mesh comprising: multiple strips of flexible solar material disposed in a first direction; and multiple strips of flexible material intertwined with the multiple strips of flexible material at least partially orthogonal to the first direction. 11. The solar energy mesh of claim 10 wherein the strips of flexible material comprise strips of flexible solar material. 12. The solar energy mesh of claim 10 and further comprising electrical connections to the strips of flexible solar material arranged to provide a desired voltage and current. 13. The solar energy mesh of claim 10 wherein the multiple strips of flexible solar material have widths adapted to provide a desired current. 14. The solar energy mesh of claim 10 wherein the strips are adapted to provide a conformal solar energy mesh. 15. A solar device comprising: a first solar mesh module having multiple strips of flexible solar material disposed in a first direction, wherein each strip is electrically connected to provide a desired voltage and current; multiple strips of flexible material intertwined with the multiple strips of flexible material in each module at least somewhat orthogonal to the first direction; and the first solar mesh module having inter module electrical connectors for connecting to one or more further solar mesh modules to obtain a solar device having desired electrical properties. 16. The solar device of claim 15 wherein the inter module connectors operate to electrically couple solar mesh modules in series to obtain a desired voltage. 17. The solar device of claim 16 wherein each strip of flexible solar material in a module contains approximately the same number of photo diodes coupled in series. 18. The solar device of claim 16 wherein the intertwined strips also comprise photo diodes coupled in series. 19. The solar device of claim 18 wherein the intertwined strips and the multiple strips of flexible solar material disposed in a first direction are coupled in parallel. 20. The solar device of claim 16 wherein the inter module connectors also operate to selectively couple modules in parallel to obtain a desired current. 21. A perforated substrate for placing and bonding of flexible solar cells, by which a partial vacuum is created on a side opposite a mounting side for holding the flexible solar cells in place during the bonding of the solar cells by an adhesive. 22. A flexible solar cell having low shunt resistance so that current may pass through the cell when shaded. 