A vaporization apparatus and related vaporization method is provided that relies on thermocapillary convection. The apparatus consists of a thermocapillary evaporator that has three sections: an evaporation section, a displacement section, and a storage system for storing the liquid to be evaporated. The evaporation section is operable to distribute thermal energy substantially along the entire liquid-gas interface. The method of the present invention consists of providing a thermocapillary evaporator that includes a storage system for the liquid to be evaporated. Advantageously, the present invention provides substantial evaporation from relatively low temperature heat sources, compared to conventional evaporators.
Claims 1. An evaporation apparatus comprising: (a) a storage means for storing a liquid to be evaporated, the storage means including means for replenishing the liquid, wherein the liquid defines in the storage means a surface area, the surface area defining a liquid-gas interface; (b) an evaporator means associated with the storage means; and (c) a displacement means associated with the evaporator means; characterised in that the evaporator means includes at least one heating element disposed to contact the liquid-gas interface and evaporate the liquid by thermocapillary convection, wherein the storage means is operable to maintain the liquid in contact with the liquid-gas interface, and wherein the displacement means is operable to displace vapour created by operation of the evaporator means. 2. The evaporation apparatus of claim 1 further characterised in that the storage means comprises a container, a pump, and one or more flow meters operable to monitor the flow rate of the liquid. 3. The evaporation apparatus of claim 2 further characterised in that the storage means further comprises a flow controller. 4. The evaporation apparatus of claim 1 further characterised in that the evaporator means comprises holes above the heating elements, the displacement means displacing the vapour out through the holes. 5. The evaporation apparatus of claim 1 further characterised in that the displacement means is a blower section comprising at least one fan. 6. The evaporation apparatus of claim 1 further characterised in that the displacement means is a vacuum section. 7. The evaporation apparatus of claim 1 further characterised in that the at least one heating element is linked to a thermostated bath. 8. The evaporation apparatus of claim 1 further characterised in that the at least one heating element is heated using solar energy. 9. The evaporation apparatus of claim 1 further characterised in that the evaporator means and the storage means comprise plastic components. 10. An evaporation method comprising: (a) providing an evaporation apparatus that includes: (i) a storage means for storing a liquid to be evaporated, the storage means including means for replenishing the liquid, wherein the liquid defines in the storage means a surface area, the surface area defining a liquid-gas interface; (ii) an evaporator means associated with the storage means; and (iii) a displacement means associated with the evaporator means that is operable to displace vapour created by operation of the evaporator means; and (b) evaporating the liquid by operation of the evaporation apparatus; characterised in that the evaporator means includes at least one heating element disposed to contact the liquid-gas interface and evaporate the liquid by thermocapillary convection, and wherein the storage means is operable to maintain the liquid in contact with the liquid-gas interface. 11. The evaporation method of claim 10 further characterised in that it is used to purify liquids. 12. The evaporation method of claim 10 further characterised in that it is used for reclamation of a substance for a water-substance mixture. 13. The evaporation method of claim 12 further characterised in that the substance is glycol. 14. The evaporation method of claim 12 further characterised in that the substance is a colloid. 15. The evaporation method of claim 10 further characterised in that the at least one heating element is heated using solar energy. 