Traffic safety systems and method impart traffic control information to traffic in a construction zone. The traffic safety arrow system includes a plurality of light emitting diodes (LEDs), an input switch for selecting the information to be displayed, a plurality of solid state switches, each solid state switch connected to one or more of the LEDs, a controller for reading the input switch and controlling the solid state switches to illuminated the LEDs to display the traffic control information, a battery for providing power to the traffic safety arrow system, a voltage controller for generating an operating voltage from the battery to operate the traffic safety arrow system, and an enclosure having at least two slots formed through its lower part to facilitate attachment of the traffic safety arrow system to a traffic barrel or a tripod.
Claims 1. A traffic safety arrow system for imparting traffic control information to traffic, comprising: a plurality of light emitting diodes (LEDs); an input switch for selecting the information to be displayed; a plurality of solid state switches, each solid state switch connected to one or more of the LEDs; a controller for reading the input switch and controlling the solid state switches to illuminated the LEDs to display the traffic control information; a battery for providing power to the traffic safety arrow system; a voltage controller for generating an operating voltage from the battery to operate the traffic safety arrow system; and an enclosure for housing the LEDs, the input switch, the solid state switches, the controller, the voltage controller, and the battery, the enclosure having at least two slots formed through a lower part thereof to facilitate attachment of the traffic safety arrow system to a traffic barrel. 2. The system of claim 1, further comprising a solar panel mounted to a top surface of the enclosure, wherein the battery is a rechargeable battery, the voltage controller further operating to charge the rechargeable battery with power from the solar panel. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein the solar panel is sized to match the top surface of the enclosure. 4. The system of claim 2, wherein the enclosure is sized to match the size of the solar panel. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the battery is at least one consumable battery, the consumable battery being accessible through a battery door within the enclosure such that the battery may be replaced. 6. The system of claim 1, the LEDs being arranged to form one or more of a left arrow, a right arrow, a double arrow, a cross, and the word "slow." 7. The system of claim 1, the LEDs being arranged to form, upon selective illumination, each of a left arrow, a right arrow, a double arrow, a cross, and the word "slow." 8. The system of claim 7, the displayed traffic control information being animated. 9. The system of claim 7, the displayed traffic control information flashing. 10. The system of claim 1, the LEDs being arranged as a two-dimensional array. 11. The system of claim 10, the traffic control information being formatted for display on the LEDs based upon the size of the two-dimensional array. 12. The system of claim 10, the traffic control information being scrolled over the LEDs. 13. The system of claim 10, the traffic control information being partially displayed as static and partially displayed as animated. 14. The system of claim 1, further comprising a light sensor, the controller automatically adjusting the brightness of the displayed traffic control information based upon a sensed ambient light level from the light sensor. 15. The system of claim 1, further comprising a remote control, the remote control having at least one button for remotely controlling the traffic safety arrow system. 16. The system of claim 15, the remote control generating an infra-red control signal, the traffic safety arrow system further comprising a sensor for detecting the infra-red control signal. 17. The system of claim 15, the remote control generating a radio frequency control signal, the traffic safety arrow system further comprising a sensor for detecting the radio frequency control signal. 18. A traffic safety method for imparting traffic control information to traffic in a construction zone, comprising: positioning a traffic barrel to block traffic flow, the traffic barrel having disposed thereon a traffic safety arrow system; using switches on the traffic safety system to select one of a plurality of display sequences; determining, if the switches have changed from one of the plurality of display sequences to another of the plurality, a display sequence and a step period, based upon the switches; displaying, if the switches have changed, the first step of the display sequence; displaying, if the switches have not changed, a next step in the display sequence; and repeating the steps of determining and displaying until the traffic safety arrow system is turned off. 19. The traffic safety method of claim 18, the step of positioning comprising attaching the traffic safety arrow system to the traffic barrel using two non-metal bolts and two non-metal nuts, each bolt passing through one of two slots in the traffic safety arrow system and then through one of two mounting holes of the traffic barrel, each bolt then being secured by one of the nuts, wherein the slots facilitate attachment of the traffic safety arrow system to traffic barrels with mounting holes of various widths and sizes. 20. A traffic safety arrow system for imparting traffic control information to traffic, comprising: means for attaching the traffic safety arrow system to a traffic barrel; means for selecting the traffic control information for display on the traffic safety arrow system; means for displaying the traffic control information; and means for powering the traffic safety arrow system. 21. The traffic safety arrow system of claim 20, further comprising means for powering the traffic safety arrow system from solar energy. 22. The traffic safety arrow system of claim 20, further comprising means for attaching the traffic safety arrow system to a tripod. 