A concentrating photovoltaic (CPV) apparatus includes at least one lens unit, at least one solar cell chip unit, and a frame structure. The frame structure includes at least two opposite main walls, a plurality of upper and lower support bars extended between and connected to the two main walls, and two sidewalls. The main walls are each provided with at a predetermined position with at least one air opening and at two lateral ends with a first and a second connecting portion. Two ends of the upper and lower support bars are connected to the first and the second connecting portions, allowing the lens unit and the solar cell chip unit to be supported on and fixed to the upper and the lower support bars, respectively.
Claims 1. A concentrating photovoltaic (CPV) apparatus, comprising: at least one lens unit including a plurality of lenses; at least one solar cell chip unit; and a frame structure including at least two opposite main walls and a plurality of upper and lower support bars extended between and connected to the two main walls; wherein the main walls are each provided with at a predetermined position with at least one air opening, and at two lateral ends with a first and a second connecting portion; the upper support bars are connected to the two main walls by extending two ends of the upper support bars into the first and the second connecting portions of the main walls; the lens unit is supported on and fixed to the upper support bars; and the solar cell chip unit is supported on and fixed to the lower support bars. 2. The CPV apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the frame structure further includes at least one air ventilation plate for mounting to an outer side of the at least one air opening on each of the main walls. 3. The CPV apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the first and the second connecting portion at the two lateral ends on the same main wall are located at two opposite sides of a transverse centerline of the main wall. 4. The CPV apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the first and the second connecting portion at the two lateral ends on the same main wall are located at the same side of a transverse centerline of the main wall. 5. The CPV apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the first and the second connecting portion on each main wall are provided with an upper receiving hole and a lower receiving hole each, and the upper and the lower receiving hole on each of the first and the second connecting portions are located in the same vertical axis; and wherein the main walls are each provided with a middle upper receiving hole, which and the two upper receiving holes on the first and the second connecting portion are located in the same horizontal axis. 6. The CPV apparatus as claimed in claim 3, wherein the first connecting portions on the two main walls of a first frame structure may be lapped with and connected to the second connecting portions on the main walls of a second frame structure to enable sideward expansion of the CPV apparatus. 7. The CPV apparatus as claimed in claim 4, wherein the first connecting portions on the two main walls of a first frame structure may be lapped with and connected to the second connecting portions on the main walls of a second frame structure to enable sideward expansion of the CPV apparatus. 8. The CPV apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the frame structure further includes a plurality of complementary members for separately associating with the first and second connecting portions, allowing the two lateral ends of the main walls to have a complete structure each. 9. The CPV apparatus as claimed in claim 8, wherein the complementary members are each provided with an upper and a lower receiving hole corresponding to the upper and the lower receiving holes on the first and the second connecting portions. 10. The CPV apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the upper support bars are each provided along two upper lateral sides with an elongate lip portion each, and the lens unit are supported on and fixed to the upper support bars with two lateral edges of each lens in the lens unit received in two facing lip portions separately located on two adjacent upper support bars. 11. The CPV apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the frame structure further includes two sidewalls separately fixed to outer sides of two laterally outermost pairs of upper and lower support bars. 12. The CPV apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the upper and the lower support bars have various lengths to enable longitudinal connection of two or more frame structures to form a longitudinally expanded CPV apparatus. 