The present invention describes a solar panel system tracker that closely approximates the output levels of an actively tracked system but at significantly reduced levels of complexity and cost. The present invention is comprised of a clock that generates a five degree step function which moves the solar panel system in five degree increments over the period of the solar day. This provides approximately thirty-five separate adjustments throughout the day, yielding an aggregate output performance of approximately 90 percent compared to a fully tracked system.
Claims 1. An apparatus for moving a solar panel array to approximately face the sun as it moves across the daytime sky, comprising: a clutch mechanism capable of supporting a solar panel array having contained within said clutch mechanism a motor capable of driving said solar panel array; an AM sensor to indicate the presence of the morning sun; a PM sensor for determining the presence of the evening sun, and; a control mechanism for determining when to move said solar panel array such that said solar panel array approximately faces the sun during daytime hours. 2. The control mechanism of claim 1 further comprised of: a motor controller; a clock; an AM limit switch; a PM limit switch; a battery; a battery charge controller; a battery power controller, and; a clutch pin solenoid. 3. The clutch mechanism of claim 1 further comprising; a lower clutch plate fixably attached to a mast; an upper clutch plate fixably attached to a solar panel array and separated from said lower clutch plate by a bushing such that said upper clutch plate is free to move rotationally with respect to said lower clutch plate, said upper clutch plate further comprised of, a motor; a battery; an AM limit switch; a PM limit switch; a solenoid, and; a control mechanism for controlling said motor and said solenoid such that in response to signals supplied by said AM limit switch and said PM limit switch in combination with an AM sensor and a PM sensor said solar panel array approximately faces the sun during daytime hours. 4. The clutch mechanism of claim 3 where the lower clutch plate has an array of holes spaced about a semicircle at five degree increments, said array of holes positioned such that the most counterclockwise hole of said array of holes is oriented towards the morning horizon and the most clockwise hole of said array of holes is oriented toward the evening horizon, each of said holes of said array of holes capable of receiving a pin operated by a solenoid on the upper clutch plate, said pin providing positive stabilizing force at each of said holes. 5. A method to control an apparatus for moving a solar panel array to approximately face the sun as it moves across the daytime sky, comprising: determining, in response to an AM sensor signal, the presence of the sun near the morning horizon; detecting the current position of a solar panel array to verify that said solar panel array is approximately facing said sun; resetting a decrementable counter; decrementing said decrementable counter by one; checking said decrementable counter continuously until said decrementable counter equals zero; moving said solar panel array clockwise five degrees; repeating said detecting step, said resetting step, said decrementing step, and said moving step until said solar panel array activates a PM limit switch, and; driving said solar panel array in a counterclockwise direction until an AM limit switch is activated. 6. The detecting step of claim 5 further comprised of: determining, in response to an AM sensor signal, the presence of the sun near the morning horizon; checking the PM limit signal, in the absence of a positive signal from said AM sensor, to determine whether the solar panel array is in the evening position; resetting a decrementable counter; decrementing said decrementable counter by one; checking said decrementable counter continuously until said decrementable counter equals zero; moving said solar panel array five degrees; repeating said detecting step, said resetting step, said decrementing step, and said moving step until said solar panel array activates a PM limit switch; continuing to repeat said resetting step, said decrementing step, and said moving step until both said PM limit signal and the PM sensor signal are positive; moving said solar array counterclockwise until the AM limit signal is positive, and; monitoring the said AM sensor signal to identify the beginning of a new daily cycle. 7. The moving step of claim 5 further comprised of: entering the moving step from normal process operation in response to a decrementable counter reaching a zero state; determining, in response to a PM limit signal, the position of a solar panel array at its most clockwise travel; lifting a clutch pin in response to the absence of said PM limit signal; applying power to a motor to rotate said solar panel array five degrees in a clockwise direction; releasing said clutch pin, or; bypassing said lifting step, said applying power step and said releasing step in the presence of said PM limit signal, and; returning to said normal process operation. 