The present invention relates to an instrument for marking and environmental monitoring in regatta courses. Incorporated by inflatable pneumatic platform and modular mast, foldable and transportable in compact packing of reduced size. It is intended to simultaneously define the area of conducting such nautical trials, at the same time as the environmental conditions thereof are characterized, in both meteorological and oceanographic terms. The system comprises an inflatable pneumatic float (1) and a support structure--mast--(2), which serves to hold the meteorological (3) and oceanographic (6) instrumentation, as well as the group of elements intended for communications (4), electromechanical components (5) and anchorage system (7). The marked modular level and reduced weight thereof, allow handling from craft of reduced cargo-carrying capacity without the help of additional infrastructures, which has a close relationship with the degree of variability in the regatta courses when competitions are under way.
Claims 1. Instrument for marking and monitoring of environmental parameters with foldable mast of several modules perpendicular to the surface of the ocean, with a communications device with a radiofrequency transmitter and/or a transmitter via satellite, also holding the different measurement and communication devices, and inflatable pneumatic-plastic platform, of variable dimensions, both foldable and transportable in compact packing of reduced size characterized in that said mast is perpendicular to the surface of the ocean, has the same thickness over all the deployed length thereof, and in that said pneumatic platform is attached to the mast approximately in the center of the length thereof. 2. The instrument of claim 1, characterized in that it incorporates meteorological and oceanographic instrumentation, as well as the group of devices intended for communications and other electromechanical components required, such as a stand-alone power supply system. 3. The instrument of claim 1, characterized in that it incorporates in the mast support structure a power supply system through batteries and/or accumulators, the energy frequency of which is of an alternative and ecological nature (photovoltaic cells and/or wind turbine). 4. The instrument of claim 1, characterized in that it incorporates on the upper and lower extremities of the mast structure support (2) an easily mounted protective system for the meteorological (3) and oceanographic (6) instrumentation, usable during the transport thereof. 5. The instrument of claim 1, characterized in that it defines the area of conducting nautical trials, at the same time as the environmental conditions thereof are characterized in real time and in continuous mode, in both meteorological and oceanographic terms. 