A power-generating plug-and-play vehicle is provided, which includes a main vehicle body, a plurality of solar cell units coupled to the vehicle, a gear-driven power unit, a power storage unit, an accelerator unit and a drum-motor-driven power unit. The plurality of solar cell units are capable of converting solar energy to electrical energy, which is in turn stored in the power storage unit. The gear-driven power unit converts mechanical energy to electrical energy, which is also stored in the power storage unit. The accelerator unit and the drum-motor-driven power unit convert between mechanical energy and electrical energy, thereby appropriately adjusting the means for driving the main vehicle body. The plurality of solar cell units may be removed and the angle at which the solar cell panel is mounted may be adjusted via gearing of the solar cell panel and the gear-driven power unit. Wind energy may be converted to electrical energy while the vehicle is in motion, and the electrical energy is stored in the power storage unit.
Claims 1. A power-generating plug-and-play vehicle, comprising: a main vehicle body having a gear-driven power unit, a power storage unit coupled to the gear-driven power unit, and a plurality of power supply parts electrically connected to the power storage unit; and a plurality of solar cell units electrically connected to the gear-driven power unit and the power storage unit for capturing and converting solar energy from sunlight into electrical energy which is stored in the power storage unit, wherein the solar cell unit is removable and an angle at which the solar cell unit is installed on the main vehicle body is adjustable; the solar cell units operate in coordination with the gear-driven power unit, so as to allow the main vehicle body to convert wind energy to electrical energy which is in turn stored in the power storage unit; the electrical energy stored in the power storage unit is then supplied to the installed power supply parts. 2. The power-generating plug-and-play vehicle of claim 1, wherein the main vehicle body comprises an arc-shaped supporting rod for supporting one of the solar cell units above the main vehicle body. 3. The power-generating plug-and-play vehicle of claim 1, wherein at least one of two sides of the main vehicle body is installed a mounting part, which is for mounting at least one of the solar cell units on the side of the main vehicle body. 4. The power-generating plug-and-play vehicle of claim 1, wherein the plurality of power supply parts is one of electrical chargers and batteries. 5. The power-generating plug-and-play vehicle of claim 1, wherein the main vehicle body comprises an accelerator unit electrically connected to the power storage unit for converting electrical energy to mechanical energy. 6. The power-generating plug-and-play vehicle of claim 1, wherein the main vehicle body comprises a drum-motor-driven power unit electrically connected to the power storage unit for converting mechanical energy to electrical energy. 7. The power-generating plug-and-play vehicle of claim 1, wherein the gear-driven power unit comprises a power generator, a gear train coupled to the power generator, and a transmission part engaged with the gear train and connected to the main vehicle body. 8. The power-generating plug-and-play vehicle of claim 1 further comprising a pedal mounted to the main vehicle body for driving the transmission part when the pedal is forced to move by an external force. 9. The power-generating plug-and-play vehicle of claim 1, wherein the plurality of solar cell units are solar cell panels. 10. The power-generating plug-and-play vehicle of claim 1 further comprising at least a wind-powered generator unit mounted to the main vehicle body, wherein the wind-power generator unit comprises a plurality of fan blades and a small power generator for driving the fan blades, and the plurality of solar cell units comprise a plurality of solar cell plates installed on the fan blades. 11. The power-generating plug-and-play vehicle of claim 1 further comprising a commutator unit electrically connected to the power storage unit. 12. The power-generating plug-and-play vehicle of claim 1, wherein the power supply parts are capable of charging up electrical equipments external to the main vehicle body. 