The present invention relates to photovoltaic power systems, photovoltaic concentrator modules, and related methods.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic power system, comprising: a) a support structure having at least one interface that is structured to mate with flat solar panel mounting hardware; and b) a plurality of photovoltaic concentrator modules coupled to the support structure such that at least one module is moveable and articulates in place relative to the support structure, wherein each module comprises: i. at least one photovoltaic receiver; and ii. at least one optical concentrating element which optically concentrates incident light onto at least one corresponding photovoltaic receiver. 2. The photovoltaic power system of claim 1, wherein each of the plurality of modules is moveable and articulates in place relative to the support structure. 3. The photovoltaic power system of claim 2, wherein each of the plurality of modules move in synchrony. 4. The photovoltaic power system of claim 2, wherein the support structure is fixed relative to the plurality of articulating photovoltaic concentrator modules. 5. The photovoltaic power system of claim 1, further comprising a source of self-power operatively coupled to the photovoltaic power system. 6. The photovoltaic power system of claim 1, wherein the support structure is planar. 7. The photovoltaic power system of claim 1, wherein the support structure is rigid and planar. 8. The photovoltaic power system of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic concentrator modules are spaced apart. 9. The photovoltaic power system of claim 1, wherein a plurality of the photovoltaic modules are ganged to move together in fixed relation to one another in at least one axis. 10. The photovoltaic power system of claim 1, wherein the at least one photovoltaic concentrator module independently articulates in place relative to the support structure. 11. A method of providing a photovoltaic power system, comprising the step of configuring a support structure of a photovoltaic power system to have a form factor that is compatible with a pre-existing, non-concentrating, flat solar panel, wherein the photovoltaic power system comprises: a) a support structure; and b) a plurality of photovoltaic concentrator modules supported by the support structure in a manner such that at least one module is moveable and articulates in place with respect to the support structure. 12. A method of installing a photovoltaic power system, comprising the steps of: a) providing mounting hardware for a flat solar panel; b) providing a photovoltaic power system that has a form factor compatible with the mounting hardware for a flat solar panel, wherein the photovoltaic power system comprises: i) a support structure; and ii) a plurality of photovoltaic concentrator modules movably supported upon the support structure in a manner such that at least one module is moveable and articulates in place relative to the support structure; and c) installing the photovoltaic power system using the mounting hardware for a flat solar panel. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein the support structure is stationary and rigid. 14. A photovoltaic power system, comprising: a) a support structure having at least one interface that is structured to mate with flat solar panel mounting hardware; and b) a plurality of photovoltaic concentrator module groups coupled to the support structure such that a module group is moveable and articulates in place relative to the support structure, wherein each module group comprises a plurality of photovoltaic concentrator modules physically coupled to each other in a fixed manner relative to each module within the module group and wherein each module comprises: i. at least one photovoltaic receiver; and ii. at least one optical concentrating element which optically concentrates incident light onto at least one corresponding photovoltaic receiver. 15. The photovoltaic power system of claim 14, wherein each of the plurality of module groups is moveable and articulates in place relative to the support structure. 