An energy system for transferring energy from a lower voltage energy source, such as a single photovoltaic cell or two photovoltaic cells connected in series, to a higher voltage energy storage, such as a capacitor or one or more batteries. The system uses a controller operating from the higher voltage storage to control a boost converter which transfers energy from the lower voltage source to the higher voltage storage.
Claims 1. A low voltage energy system comprising: a low voltage energy source comprising a photovoltaic cell and having a source voltage of no more than about 1.0 volts; an energy storage having a storage voltage higher than the source voltage; a boost converter having a converter input connected to the source and a converter output connected to the storage; and a controller having an operating voltage higher than the source voltage, the controller being coupled to the energy storage via a controller energy link through which the controller is energized, wherein the controller is configured to monitor the source voltage via a source monitor channel and is adapted to control the boost converter via a converter control. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the energy storage comprises a capacitor. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the energy storage comprises a battery. 4. The system of claim 3, wherein the controller controls a charging profile of the battery. 5. The system of claim 3, wherein the battery comprises a lithium cell, a nickel cadmium cell, or a nickel metal hydride cell. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the converter comprises a parallel combination of converter stages. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the low voltage source consists of a single photovoltaic cell or two photovoltaic cells connected in series. 8. The system of claim 1, further comprising a load configured to be energized by the storage. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein the controller is configured to monitor the load via a load monitor channel and to control the load via a load control. 10. The system of claim 1, wherein the system comprises a portable, handheld battery charger. 11. A low voltage energy system comprising: a low voltage energy source having a source open circuit voltage, the source comprising no more than two photovoltaic cells; an energy storage; a boost converter configured to transfer energy from the source to the storage; and a controller configured to be energized by the energy storage, wherein the controller is configured to monitor the source voltage and to control the boost converter to maintain the source voltage at a selected fraction of the source open circuit voltage. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein the source comprises a surplus silicon cell or two dissimilar silicon cells. 13. The system of claim 11, wherein the selected fraction of the source open circuit voltage falls within the range of about 71% to 78%. 14. The system of claim 11, wherein the controller comprises an application specific integrated circuit. 15. The system of claim 11, wherein the system comprises a portable, handheld battery charger. 16. A method for accumulating and controlling energy, the method comprising: providing a low voltage energy source comprising a photovoltaic cell and having a source voltage of no more than about 1.0 volts; providing an energy storage having a storage voltage higher than the source voltage; connecting a boost converter between the source and storage; providing a controller having an operating voltage higher than the source voltage, the controller being energized by the storage; and operating the boost converter with the controller to transfer energy from the source to the storage. 17. The method of claim 16, further comprising: monitoring the source; and adjusting the boost converter to improve the source operation. 18. The method of claim 16, further comprising: monitoring the storage; and adjusting the boost converter to improve the storage operation. 19. The method of claim 16, further comprising: energizing a load from the source; monitoring the storage; and adjusting the load to improve the storage operation. 20. The method of claim 19, further comprising: monitoring the storage voltage; and reducing the load energy consumption when the storage voltage drops below a predetermined level. 