A monitoring system for response to incidents sensed by at least one sensor of an individual signal unit; said response comprising in a first instance, transmission to a central control facility by a said individual signal unit, of at least a unique identifying code for that individual signal unit, over a communication network; said response comprising in a second instance, transmission of data from said central control facility to one or more recipients nominated by a registered owner of said individual signal unit; and wherein registration of a said individual signal unit and configuration of sensing and of said response is via a web-based interface. The monitoring system of claim 1 wherein said response in said first instance includes digital or analogue data input to said individual signal unit. In a further form there is disclosed a method of monitoring the status of an item of interest; said method including the steps of: (i) purchase by an owner of an individual signal unit and at least one user selectable sensor for connection to said device, (j) registering said individual signal unit and said at least one sensor with a central control facility, (k) configuring a response executable by said central control facility on receipt by said facility of a signal transmitted by said individual signal unit.
Claims 1-77. (canceled) 78. A monitoring system including an individual signal unit, at least one external event sensor and a central control facility; said system responsive to incidents sensed by said at least one external event sensor; a response of said system including in a first instance, transmission by said individual signal unit of at least a unique identifying code for that individual signal unit; said transmission made to said central control facility over a distributed communication network; said response including in a second instance, execution by said central control facility of predetermined steps according to protocols stored at said central control facility; said steps including transmission of data to one or more nominated recipients; and wherein an applicant user of said system purchases a said individual signal unit and one or more of said external event sensors or output devices selected from a plurality of standard or third party said external event sensors or output devices, said individual signal and said external event sensors or output devices registered with said central control facility; said registration and structuring by said applicant user of said protocols effected by means of data entry into a web-based interface maintained by said central control facility; events sensed by any one of said external event sensors being available for communication to any one of said registered users as effected by data entry into said web based interface by the said applicant user. 79. The monitoring system of claim 78 wherein said response in said first instance includes digital or analogue data input to said individual signal unit. 80. The monitoring system of claim 79 wherein said digital or analogue data is transmitted to said central control facility in real time. 81. The monitoring system of claim 79 wherein said digital or analogue data is stored, prior transmission, on a data storage device of said individual signal unit. 82. The monitoring system of claim 78 wherein said at least one external event sensor is incorporated within said individual signal unit. 83. The monitoring system of claim 78 wherein said individual signal unit is incorporated in a said external event sensor. 84. The monitoring system of claim 78 wherein said at least one external event sensor is external to said individual signal unit; said external event sensor connected to an input port of said individual signal unit. 85. The monitoring system of claim 78 wherein said individual signal unit includes a rechargeable power supply. 86. The monitoring system of claim 85 wherein said rechargeable power supply is recharged by a solar cell array. 87. The monitoring system of claim 78 wherein said web-based interface includes at least one web page; said web page provided with at least one data entry field. 88. The monitoring system of claim 78 wherein a said individual signal unit is provided with a unique individual signal unit identification code; said unique identification code included in said signal transmitted to said central control facility. 89. The monitoring system of claim 78 wherein each said at least one external event sensor is associated with a unique sequence of repeat transmissions of said unique identification code; said unique sequence of repeat transmissions comprising said signal transmitted to said central control facility. 90. The monitoring system of claim 78 wherein each said individual signal unit is associated with at least one external event sensor. 91. The monitoring system of claim 90 wherein said at least one external event sensor responds to a change in stimulus of said sensor. 92. The monitoring system of claim 90 wherein said at least one external event sensor responds to a predefined stimulus. 93. The monitoring system of claim 91 wherein a said individual signal unit receives an input signal from said at least one external event sensor at said change in stimulus. 94. The monitoring system of claim 78 wherein said central control facility includes a transceiver module in communication with said communication network. 95. The monitoring system of claim 94 wherein said transceiver module is linked to server and data storage devices; said server and data storage devices adapted to process signals received from a said individual signal unit. 96. The monitoring system of claim 95 wherein said server and data storage devices initiate at least one pre-programmed output; said at least one output dependent on said unique identification code. 97. The monitoring system of claim 78 wherein a said individual signal unit is provided with at least one input; said at least one input communicating with a said at least one external event sensor. 98. The monitoring system of claim 78 wherein a said individual signal unit is provided with at least one output; said at least one output controlling an external device. 99. The monitoring system of claim 96 wherein said server and data storage devices initiate predetermined communications to at least one nominated recipient; said communications dependent on a signal received from a said individual signal unit. 100. The monitoring system of claim 78 wherein said at least one nominated recipient is said owner of a said individual signal unit registered with said monitoring system. 101. The monitoring system of claim 78 wherein said at least one nominated recipient is a service provider nominated by said owner of a said individual signal unit. 102. An individual signal unit purchased by an applicant user of a monitoring system; each said individual signal unit including; (a) a transceiver module, (b) a rechargeable power supply and power control module, (c) a logic circuit, (d) at least one external event sensor selected and purchased by said applicant user from a plurality of standard external event sensors, and wherein an applicant user of said system purchases a said individual signal unit and one or more of said external event sensors or output devices selected from a plurality of standard or third party said external event sensors or output devices, said individual signal and said external event sensors or output devices registered with said central control facility; said registration and structuring by said applicant user of said protocols effected by means of data entry into a web-based interface maintained by said central control facility; events sensed by any one of said external event sensors being available for communication to any one of said registered users as effected by data entry into said web based interface by the said applicant user, and wherein a signal from a said individual signal unit to a central control facility causes said central control facility to execute a number of predefined steps; said predefined steps prior configured by said applicant user by means of a web-based interface. 103. Apparatus for a monitoring system; said apparatus comprising a purchased individual signal unit and at least one owner selectable, purchased external event sensor connected to said individual signal unit; said and wherein an applicant user of said system purchases a said individual signal unit and one or more of said external event sensors or output devices selected from a plurality of standard or third party said external event sensors or output devices, said individual signal and said external event sensors or output devices registered with said central control facility; said registration and structuring by said applicant user of said protocols effected by means of data entry into a web-based interface maintained by said central control facility; events sensed by any one of said external event sensors being available for communication to any one of said registered users as effected by data entry into said web based interface by the said applicant user; said individual signal unit and said at least one external event sensor registered by said user with a central control facility; wherein said individual signal unit is programmed to transmit a unique individual signal unit identification code to said central control facility when said at least one external event sensor detects an incident; said central control facility responding to a transmitted said unique individual signal unit identification code according to protocols established at registration of said individual signal unit and said at least one external event sensor by said owner; said protocols established through interaction with pages of a web site maintained by said central control facility. 104. A monitoring system enabled by the internet and a communication system; said system including a number of individual signal units; each of said individual signal units connected to at least one external event sensor selected by an owner of said individual signal unit from a plurality of standard external event sensors; and wherein an applicant user of said system purchases a said individual signal unit and one or more of said external event sensors or output devices selected from a plurality of standard or third party said external event sensors or output devices, said individual signal and said external event sensors or output devices registered with said central control facility; said registration and structuring by said applicant user of said protocols effected by means of data entry into a web-based interface maintained by said central control facility; events sensed by any one of said external event sensors being available for communication to any one of said registered users as effected by data entry into said web based interface by the said applicant user; said central control facility responding to an incident sensed by a said external event sensor according to protocols established at registration by a said owner through interaction with pages of a web site maintained by said central control facility. 105. A method of monitoring the status of an item of interest; said method including the steps of: (a) purchase by an owner of an individual signal unit and at least one external event sensor selected from a plurality of standard external event sensors for connection to said individual signal unit, (b) registering said individual signal unit and said at least one external event sensor with a central control facility, (c) configuring a response executable by said central control facility on receipt by said facility of a signal transmitted by said individual signal unit, wherein said response includes a number of prior defined steps nominated by a said owner when registering a said individual signal unit and said at least one external event sensor with said central control facility; said registration and configuring of said response effected by interaction with pages of a web site maintained by said central control facility; and wherein an applicant user of said system purchases a said individual signal unit and one or more of said external event sensors or output devices selected from a plurality of standard or third party said external event sensors or output devices, said individual signal and said external event sensors or output devices registered with said central control facility; said registration and structuring by said applicant user of said protocols effected by means of data entry into a web-based interface maintained by said central control facility; events sensed by any one of said external event sensors being available for communication to any one of said registered users as effected by data entry into said web based interface by the said applicant user. 106. The method of claim 105 wherein said signal includes a unique identifying code of said individual signal unit. 107. The method of claim 105 wherein said registering of a said individual signal unit includes the steps of: (a) accessing a web site maintained by said central control facility, (b) establishing a user name and password with said central control facility, (c) entering into said web site a registration code of said individual signal unit, (d) entering a user selected identifier name for said individual signal unit, (e) entering details of one or more external event sensors to be connected to said individual signal unit, (f) entering details of said response executable by said central control facility. 108. A method for monitoring the status of at least one aspect of geographically disparate items of infrastructure; said method including the steps of: (a) installing an individual signal unit at each of said items of infrastructure, (b) providing said individual signal unit with at least one external event sensor and a signal transceiver, (c) linking said individual signal unit with a central control facility via a communication network, (d) providing said central control facility with server and data storage devices; said devices adapted to execute pre-programmed responses to a signal received from a said individual signalling device, and wherein an applicant user of said system purchases a said individual signal unit and one or more of said external event sensors or output devices selected from a plurality of standard or third party said external event sensors or output devices, said individual signal and said external event sensors or output devices registered with said central control facility; said registration and structuring by said applicant user of said protocols effected by means of data entry into a web-based interface maintained by said central control facility; events sensed by any one of said external event sensors being available for communication to any one of said registered users as effected by data entry into said web based interface by the said applicant user. 109. Apparatus of an infrastructure monitoring system; said apparatus including a plurality of geographically disparate individual signalling units purchased by applicant users of said system; and wherein an applicant user of said system purchases a said individual signal unit and one or more of said external event sensors or output devices selected from a plurality of standard or third party said external event sensors or output devices, said individual signal and said external event sensors or output devices registered with said central control facility; said registration and structuring by said applicant user of said protocols effected by means of data entry into a web-based interface maintained by said central control facility; events sensed by any one of said external event sensors being available for communication to any one of said registered users as effected by data entry into said web based interface by the said applicant user; said individual signalling units in communication with a central control facility via at least one communication satellite; said individual signalling units adapted to change from a first stand-by state to a second powered up state on the occurrence of a change of status of an item of said infrastructure; each of said individual signal units transmitting a signal to said central control facility during said powered up state; said signal triggering a programmed predefined sequence of responses as defined by a said applicant user through interaction with web pages maintained by said central control facility; each said individual signal unit returning to said stand-by state after transmission of a said signal. 110. The apparatus of claim 109 wherein each of said individual signalling units is provided with a unique signalling unit identification code; said unique identification code comprising said signal transmitted to said central control facility. 111. The apparatus of claim 109 wherein each of said individual signalling units is provided with a signal transceiver module. 112. The apparatus of claim 109 wherein each of said individual signalling units is provided with a rechargeable power supply. 113. The apparatus of claim 112 wherein said rechargeable power supply is rechargeable by a solar cell array. 114. The apparatus of claim 109 wherein each of said individual signalling units is provided with at least one external event sensor. 115. The apparatus of claim 114 wherein said at least one external event sensor is adapted to respond to a change in status of a said item of infrastructure. 116. The apparatus of claim 114 wherein a said individual signalling unit receives an input signal from said at least one external event sensor at said change of status. 117. The apparatus of claim 114 wherein each said at least one external event sensor is associated with a unique sequence of repeat transmissions of said unique identification code; said unique sequence of repeat transmissions comprising said signal transmitted to said central control facility. 118. The apparatus of claim 114 wherein each of said individual signalling units is provided with an external event sensor interface adapted to monitor signals from at least one remote external event sensor. 119. The apparatus of claim 117, wherein each of said individual signalling units is provided with tamper monitoring means; said tamper monitoring means associated with one said unique sequence of repeat transmissions of said unique identification code. 120. The apparatus of claim 109 wherein said central control facility includes a transceiver module in communication with said at least one satellite. 121. The apparatus of claim 120 wherein said transceiver module is linked to server and data storage devices; said server and data storage devices adapted to process signals received from any one of said individual signalling units. 122. The apparatus of claim 121 wherein said server and data storage devices are adapted to initiate any of a plurality of pre-programmed outputs; said outputs dependent on said unique identification code and said unique sequence of repeat transmissions of said unique identification code comprising a received said signal. 123. The apparatus of claim 121 wherein said server and data storage devices are adapted to initiate coded data for transmission to said individual signalling units. 124. The apparatus of claim 123 wherein said coded data transmitted to a said individual signalling unit includes instructions for programmed responses by a said individual signalling unit to inputs received from said one or more external event sensors. 125. The apparatus of claim 109 wherein a said individual signalling unit is provided with at least one output relay; said at least one output relay adapted to control an external device. 126. The apparatus of claim 121 wherein said server and data storage devices are adapted to initiate predetermined communications to at least one nominated recipient; said communications dependent on signals received from a said individual signalling unit. 127. The apparatus of claim 126 wherein said at least one nominated recipient is a registered owner of said monitoring system. 128. The apparatus of claim 126 wherein said at least one nominated recipient is a service provider to said monitoring system. 129. The apparatus of claim 127 wherein a said registered owner of said monitoring system is enabled to register a said individual signalling unit and said at least one external event sensor with said central control facility over the Internet. 130. The apparatus of claim 129 wherein registration of said individual signalling unit includes provision of data relevant to responses to external sensor events by said individual signalling unit and by said central control facility. 131. A method for monitoring the status of at least one aspect of geographically disparate items of infrastructure; said method including the steps of: (a) installing an individual signalling unit at each of said items of infrastructure, (b) providing said individual signalling unit with a signal transceiver, (c) connecting at least one external event sensor to said individual signalling unit; said external event sensor selected from a plurality of standard external event sensors, (d) linking said individual signalling unit with a central control facility via a satellite link, (e) providing said central control facility with server and data storage units; said units adapted to execute pre-programmed responses to a signal received from a said individual signalling unit; and wherein an applicant user of said system purchases a said individual signal unit and one or more of said external event sensors or output devices selected from a plurality of standard or third party said external event sensors or output devices, said individual signal and said external event sensors or output devices registered with said central control facility; said registration and structuring by said applicant user of said protocols effected by means of data entry into a web-based interface maintained by said central control facility; events sensed by any one of said external event sensors being available for communication to any one of said registered users as effected by data entry into said web based interface by the said applicant user. 132. The method of claim 131 wherein each said individual signalling unit includes: (a) a transceiver module, (b) a rechargeable power supply and power control module, (c) a logic circuit, (d) at least one external event sensor. 133. The method of claim 131 wherein said method includes the further steps of: (a) providing each said individual signalling unit with a unique signalling unit identification code, (b) associating a unique sequence of repeat transmission of said identification code for each said external event sensor, (c) programming said individual signalling unit to transmit a signal comprising said unique sequence of repeat transmission identification code of said signalling unit to said central control facility on the occurrence of a change of said status of a said item of infrastructure, (d) executing said pre-programmed responses to a signal received from a said individual signalling unit. 134. An individual signal unit; each said individual signal unit including; (a) a transceiver module, (b) a rechargeable power supply and power control module, (c) a logic circuit, (d) at least one of a number of selectable external event sensors, and wherein a signal from a said individual signal unit to a central control facility causes said central control facility to execute a number of predefined steps; and wherein an applicant user of said system purchases a said individual signal unit and one or more of said external event sensors or output devices selected from a plurality of standard or third party said external event sensors or output devices, said individual signal and said external event sensors or output devices registered with said central control facility; said registration and structuring by said applicant user of said protocols effected by means of data entry into a web-based interface maintained by said central control facility; events sensed by any one of said external event sensors being available for communication to any one of said registered users as effected by data entry into said web based interface by the said applicant user. 135. A monitoring system including an individual signal unit and a central control facility; said individual signal unit communicating with said central control facility when an event sensor activates said individual signalling unit; said central control facility executing a number of predefined steps on receipt of a communication from said individual signalling unit; said predefined steps configured by interaction with an Internet web-based interface maintained by said central control facility; and wherein an applicant user of said system purchases a said individual signal unit and one or more of said external event sensors or output devices selected from a plurality of standard or third party said external event sensors or output devices, said individual signal and said external event sensors or output devices registered with said central control facility; said registration and structuring by said applicant user of said protocols effected by means of data entry into a web-based interface maintained by said central control facility; events sensed by any one of said external event sensors being available for communication to any one of said registered users as effected by data entry into said web based interface by the said applicant user. 136. The system of claim 135 wherein a communication between said individual signal unit and said central control facility is not limited by distance. 137. The system of claim 135 wherein said individual signal unit may be located at any location relative said central control facility. 138. The system of claim 135 wherein said individual signal unit is mobility independent of said central control facility. 139. The system of claim 135 wherein said communication between said individual signal unit and said central control facility is by means of any communication network. 140. The system of claim 135 wherein said predefined steps include a communication between said central control facility and a said owner or registered user of said individual signal unit. 141. The system of claim 135 wherein said communication between said central control facility and said owner or registered user is by means of any communication network. 142. The system of claim 135 wherein said predefined steps may include a first layer and a secondary layer of said predefined steps. 143. The system of claim 142 wherein selected ones of said secondary layer of predefined steps may be executed by said central control facility in accordance with a reply to a said communication between said central control facility and a said owner or registered user. 144. The system of claim 135 wherein said individual signal unit is programmable. 145. The system of claim 135 wherein said individual signal unit includes a graphic display. 146. The system of claim 135 wherein said individual signal unit is configurable to accept signal input from any external sensing device. 147. The system of claim 135 wherein said individual signal unit is configurable to allow output signals to any said communication network. 148. The system of claim 135 wherein said individual signal unit is adapted for integration into products as an original equipment manufacture (OEM) module. 149. The system of claim 135 wherein said central control facility includes a database and a server; said central control facility maintaining an Internet web site on said server. 150. The system of claim 135 wherein said system provides a means of asset monitoring; said asset monitoring alerting a said owner or registered user to an incident affecting a said asset. 151. The system of claim 135 wherein said predefined steps include activation of an output device connected to a said individual signal unit. 152. A method of deriving revenue from a monitoring system; said monitoring system including a remotely located individual signal unit and at least one external event sensor; said individual signal unit in communication with a central control facility; said method including: (a) selling said individual signal units and said at least one external event sensor to an applicant user; said external event sensor selected from a range of standard external event sensors, (b) renting said individual signal units and said at least one external event sensor to an applicant user; said external event sensor selected from a range of standard external event sensors, (c) charging periodic registration fees (d) charging for network services (e) charging for development, programming and design (f) charging license fees for custom or retrofitted applications (g) collecting industry co-operation commissions (h) charging license fees for monitoring agents and service providers, and wherein an applicant user of said system purchases a said individual signal unit and one or more of said external event sensors or output devices selected from a plurality of standard or third party said external event sensors or output devices, said individual signal and said external event sensors or output devices registered with said central control facility; said registration and structuring by said applicant user of said protocols effected by means of data entry into a web-based interface maintained by said central control facility; events sensed by any one of said external event sensors being available for communication to any one of said registered users as effected by data entry into said web based interface by the said applicant user. 