An arrangement utilizes diffractive, reflective and/or refractive optical elements combined to intensify and homogenize electromagnetic energy, such as natural sunlight in the terrestrial environment, for purposes such as irradiating a target area with concentrated homogenized energy. A heat activated safety mechanism is also described.
Claims 1. An arrangement for concentrating incident electromagnetic energy into a highly eccentric ellipse which approximates a line, the arrangement comprising: at least one optical member comprising: a refractive member or a reflective member; at least one diffractive member, the diffractive member comprising a plurality of diffractive elements, the diffractive elements constructed and arranged to diffract and homogenize incident electromagnetic energy. 2. The arrangement of claim 1, wherein the electromagnetic energy comprises solar energy. 3. The arrangement of claim 2, wherein the arrangement is constructed and arranged so as to produce a geometric concentration ratio C.sub.g<about 200 according to the following relationship: C.sub.g=A.sub.a/A.sub.t; wherein A.sub.a is the area of an entrance aperture for electromagnetic energy, and A.sub.t is the area of a target aperture for concentrated electromagnetic energy. 4. The arrangement of claim 3, wherein the geometric concentration ratio C.sub.g<about 20. 5. The arrangement of claim 4, wherein the geometric concentration ratio C.sub.g=about 2.0. 6. The arrangement of claim 1, wherein the at least one diffractive member has a thickness t.sub.2 of about 250 .mu.m or less. 7. The arrangement of claim 1, wherein each of the diffractive elements have a thickness t.sub.1 of about 20 .mu.m or less. 8. The arrangement of claim 2, wherein the arrangement further comprises an array comprising at least one of: one or more photovoltaic cells; and one or more passive optical absorbers, the array constructed and arranged to receive the concentrated homogenized electromagnetic energy. 9. The arrangement of claim 1, wherein each of the diffractive elements comprises one or more of: analog holographic light shaping surface diffusers, digital holograms, and kinoforms. 10. The arrangement of claim 1, wherein the least one diffractive element is formed from a transparent or translucent material. 11. The arrangement of claim 1, wherein the least one diffractive member is capable of receiving and concentrating electromagnetic energy which has an angle of incidence thereon of plus or minus about 25.degree. to about 35.degree. from normal. 12. The arrangement of claim 1, wherein the electromagnetic energy comprises radio-frequency energy. 13. The arrangement of claim 1, wherein the optical member comprises a refractive member, and the refractive member and the diffractive member are arranged relative to each other such that incident electromagnetic energy first passes through the refractive member, which transmits the electromagnetic energy to the diffractive member. 14. The arrangement of claim 1, wherein the optical member comprises a reflective member, and the reflective member and the diffractive member are arranged relative to each other such that incident electromagnetic energy first strikes the reflective member, which then transmits reflected electromagnetic energy to the diffractive member. 15. The arrangement of claim 1, further comprising: at least one member adapted to receive electromagnetic energy incident thereon during normal operational temperatures; and a heat activated safety mechanism, the mechanism configured and arranged to remove the at least one member from the path of the incident electromagnetic energy or to block the electromagnetic energy from reaching the at least one member, upon reaching a predetermined maximum temperature. 16. An arrangement comprising: at least one member adapted to receive electromagnetic energy incident thereon during normal operational temperatures; and a heat activated safety mechanism, the mechanism configured and arranged to remove the at least one member from the path of the incident electromagnetic energy or to block the electromagnetic energy from reaching the at least one member, upon reaching a predetermined maximum temperature. 17. The arrangement of claim 16, wherein the heat activated safety mechanism comprises a spring or lever like member formed from a shape memory material. 18. The arrangement of claim 17, wherein the shape memory material comprises a shape memory alloy, the alloy having a composition such that the martensite to austenite phase transition temperature of the alloy is commensurate with the predetermined maximum temperature. 19. The arrangement of claim 17, wherein the spring or lever like member comprises a coil spring. 20. The arrangement of claim 16, further comprising a movable shutter constructed and arranged for placement within the path of the incident electromagnetic energy. 21. The arrangement of claim 20, wherein the spring or lever like member causes the shutter to move into the path of the incident electromagnetic energy upon reaching the predetermined maximum temperature, thereby shielding the at least one member from the electromagnetic energy. 22. The arrangement of claim 20, wherein the shutter is formed, at least in part, from at least one of an opaque metallic material or an opaque carbon composite material. 23. The arrangement of claim 22, wherein the shutter is additionally formed, at least in part, from a layer of at least one of: and aerogel, sol-gel, hybrids sol-gel, open cell, carbon foam or fiberglass material. 24. The arrangement of claim 16, wherein the electromagnetic energy comprises solar energy. 25. The arrangement of claim 16, wherein the at least one member comprises a photovoltaic cell or a passive solar absorber. 26. The arrangement of claim 17, wherein the heat activated safety mechanism causes the at least one member to move out of the path of the incident electromagnetic energy upon reaching the predetermined maximum temperature, thereby preventing the at least one member from direct exposure to the electromagnetic energy. 27. The arrangement of claim 25, wherein the arrangement further comprises a mounting plate for the photovoltaic cell or the passive solar absorber, the spring or lever like member attached to the mounting plate. 28. The arrangement of claim 16, wherein the heat activated safety mechanism is further configured and arranged such that it can be actuated manually activated thereby removing the at least one member from the path of the incident electromagnetic energy or blocking the electromagnetic energy from reaching the at least one member. 29. The arrangement of claim 16, further comprising at least one concentrator constructed and arranged to direct the electromagnetic energy such that it reaches the at least one member in a concentrated form. 30. The arrangement of claim 29, wherein the spring or lever like member causes the at least one concentrator to move out of the path of the incident electromagnetic energy upon reaching the predetermined maximum temperature, thereby preventing concentrated electromagnetic energy from reaching the least one member. 31. The arrangement of claim 29, wherein the concentrator comprises: at least one diffractive member, the diffractive member comprising a plurality of diffractive elements, the diffractive elements constructed and arranged to diffract and concentrate incident electromagnetic energy. 32. The arrangement of claim 29, wherein the concentrator further comprises one or more of: a reflective member; a refractive member; and an additional diffractive member. 33. The arrangement of claim 31, wherein each of the diffractive elements comprises one or more of: analog holographic light shaping surface diffusers, digital holograms, and kinoforms. 