A marine pier system employing a payload transport device for transporting persons and material from land to marine craft moored at a distal end of the pier. The payload transport is a movable deck having either an electric motor powered by batteries for use in moving the deck and persons/material placed on the deck, or employs the use of a separate vehicle, such as a golf cart, for propulsion of the deck. The payload transport device may be self-contained eliminating the necessity for decking along the length of the pier. The absence of decking provides a structure upon which wind and wave action and deterioration from sunlight and weathering has little destructive effect, and further allows sunlight to reach the aquatic life below the surface of the water. The movable transport device further permits sunlight to reach all areas of sea grass that are shaded by movement of the transport device to a non-sensitive area when not in use.
Claims 1. A marine pier system comprising: a payload transport device having a removable propulsion system; a payload traversal means operatively associated with said payload transport device, said payload traversal means connected to land along a first end thereof and having a second end located over a body of water; means for supporting said payload traversal means over the body of water; wherein said payload transport device is constructed and arranged for reciprocal translational movement along said payload traversal means. 2. The pier in accordance with claim 1 wherein said propulsion system is a vehicle having a propulsion unit, said vehicle engaging a carriage constructed and adapted to mount at least a portion of said vehicle thereon. 3. The pier in accordance with claim 2 wherein said drive wheels of said vehicle directly contact said payload traversal system. 4. The pier in accordance with claim 2 wherein said drive wheels of said vehicle directly indirectly contact said payload traversal system. 5. The pier in accordance with claim 1 wherein said payload transport device is movable to avoid environmentally sensitive areas. 6. The pier in accordance with claim 1 wherein said payload transport device can be detached from said support means to prevent exposure during periods of high winds or waves. 7. The pier in accordance with claim 1 wherein said payload traversal means is further defined as a plurality of pilings supporting two continuous rails in a parallel position. 8. A marine pier system comprising: a payload transport device having an integrated propulsion system; a payload traversal means operatively associated with said payload transport device, said payload traversal means connected to land along a first end thereof and having a second end located over a body of water; rail riders attached to said payload transport device for securing to said payload traversal means; wherein said payload transport device is constructed and arranged for reciprocal translational movement along said payload traversal means. 9. A marine pier system comprising: a payload transport device; a payload traversal support having a plurality of spaced apart pilings supporting at least one continuous rail, said continuous rail having a first end connected to land and a second end located over a body of water; means for supporting said payload traversal means over the body of water; wherein said payload transport device is constructed and arranged for reciprocal translational movement along said payload traversal means. 10. The pier in accordance with claim 9 wherein said payload transport device includes a propulsion system. 11. The pier in accordance with claim 10 wherein said propulsion system comprises at least one electric motor, a mounting means constructed and arranged to place said payload transport device in translational engagement with said payload traversal means; and a drive train constructed and arranged to transmit a propulsive force from said at least one electric motor to said mounting means to enable reciprocal translational movement along the longitudinal axis of said payload traversal means. 12. The pier in accordance with claim 11 wherein said electric motor is operated by batteries. 13. The pier in accordance with claim 11 wherein said electric motor is solar powered. 14. The pier in accordance with claim 11 wherein said payload transport device includes a means to control said propulsion system mounted integral to said payload transport device. 15. The pier in accordance with claim 9 wherein said payload transport device is movable to avoid environmentally sensitive areas. 16. The pier in accordance with claim 9 wherein said payload transport device can be detached from said support means to prevent exposure during periods of high winds or waves. 