A method of activating a Multi-String inverter for photovoltaic generators (1a, 1b) of a photovoltaic plant (6), the Multi-String inverter incorporating on the input side a separate DC-DC converter (2a, 2b) for each generator string (photovoltaic generator) (1a, 1b) and each output of the DC-DC converters (2a, 2b) being connected in parallel and to an input of a DC-AC converter (3) and the DC-AC converter (3) being connected with an alternating current mains (4) for feeding into the mains aims at improving efficiency. This is achieved in that one or several electrical variables, namely input current, input voltage and/or input power are measured at each DC-DC converter (2a, 2b) and at least one of the DC-DC converters (2a, 2b) changing its operating condition as a is function of this measurement when a limit value and/or a range is exceeded in such a manner that its power loss is reduced so that the energy yield of the photovoltaic plant (6) is increased.
Claims 1. A method of activating a Multi-String inverter for photovoltaic generators (1a, 1b) of a photovoltaic plant (6), said Multi-String inverter incorporating one separate DC-DC converter (2a, 2b) for each generator string (photovoltaic generator) (1a, 1b) on its input side each output of said DC-DC converters (2a, 2b) being connected in parallel and with an input of a DC-AC converter (3) and said DC-AC converter (3) being connected to an alternating current mains (4) for feeding into the mains, characterized in that one or several electrical variables, namely input current, input voltage and/or input power are measured at each DC-DC converter (2a, 2b) and that, when a limit value and/or a window is exceeded, as a function of this measurement, at least one of said DC-DC converters (2a, 2b) changes its operating condition in such a manner that its power loss is reduced, so that the energy yield of the photovoltaic plant (6) is increased. 2. The method as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that at least one of the DC-DC converters (2a, 2b) changes its operating condition in that a switch element of the DC-DC converter (2a, 2b) is not activated permanently and is switched off or on in such a manner that its input voltage substantially corresponds to its output voltage. 3. The method as set forth in claim 2, characterized in that at least one of the DC-DC converters (2a, 2b) at which the highest input voltage applies, is switched off, said input voltage being above a mains peak voltage. 4. The method as set forth in claim 2, characterized in that at least two DC-DC converters (2a, 2b) are switched off when two input voltages of the DC-DC converters (2a, 2b) lie within a voltage range. 5. The method as set forth in claim 2, characterized in that at least two DC-DC converters (2a, 2b) are switched off when an input voltage applies at the two DC-DC converters (2a, 2b) at least, which is above the mains peak voltage. 6. The method as set forth in claim 2, characterized in that at least one of the DC-DC converters (2a, 2b) is activated again when the input voltage of the DC-DC converter (3) is within the range of the mains peak voltage, when a power ratio of the photovoltaic generators (1a, 1b) changes above a limit value and/or when a defined time has past. 7. The method as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that a Maximum Power Tracking with a shadowing detection for the photovoltaic generators (1a, 1b) is utilized so that the more favourable work point is set for several power maxima. 8. The method as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that partial shadowing of the photovoltaic generators (1a, 1b) is detected as a function of the operating conditions of the DC-DC converters (2a, 2b). 9. The method as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that one switches between several Maximum Power Tracking methods. 10. The method as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that, in an inactive operating condition, an additional switch for bridging a semiconductor switch (SH, ST, Sze, Sse), a diode (DH, DT, Dze, Dse) and/or a choke (LH, LT, Lze2, Lse1) is switched on in at least one of the DC-DC converters (2a, 2b). 11. The method as set forth in claim 1, characterized in that each DC-DC converter (2a, 2b) is configured to be a boost converter. 