A separation and guidance structure comprises an arm having an inner end with a crosspiece secured in use to a pontoon or the like, and an outer end provided with fenders extending above and beyond the end of the arm. Flotation is provided to support the outer end of the arm, and may be in the form of a flotation member or be provided by the fenders. In use a number of such structures are secured in parallel to a pontoon or dock to form a berthing system.
Claims 1. A separation and guidance structure for use in a berthing system, the structure comprising a link arm, an attachment structure for connection to a pontoon at a first end of the link arm, a flotation device toward a second end of the link arm, and at least one first fender provided at the second end of the link arm, at least a portion of the first fender extending above the link arm and beyond the second end of the link arm so as to serve as a guide for a boat approaching the berthing system. 2. A structure according to claim 1, wherein the first fender is a rotating fender arranged for rotation about a substantially vertical axis. 3. A structure according to claim 1, wherein the link arm has a width and the rotating fender has a width greater than the width of the link arm. 4. A structure according to claim 1, wherein the flotation device is a second fender extending below the link arm. 5. A structure according to claim 4, wherein the second fender is a rotating fender arranged for rotation about a substantially vertical axis. 6. A structure according to claim 5, wherein the link arm is provided at its second end with a shaft extending substantially vertically, the first and second fenders being mounted on said shaft. 7. A structure according to claim 1, wherein the link arm has sides extending between the first and second ends, and wherein the link arm is provided with resilient fender means on the sides thereof. 8. A structure according to claim 1, wherein the link arm is provided with guidance lights arranged along the link arm. 9. A structure according to claim 1, wherein the structure includes an identification light mounted above the first fender. 10. A structure according to claim 8, further including solar power means to power said lights. 11. A structure according to claim 1, wherein the attachment structure includes fasteners and dampers. 12. A structure according to claim 1, wherein the attachment structure includes a mounting bracket for connection to the pontoon and adapted to provide resistance to lateral forces applied to the link arm by a berthing boat. 13. A structure according to claim 12, wherein the mounting bracket includes a connection member extending transversely with respect to the link arm and at least one bracing member connecting the connection member and the link arm. 14. A structure according to claim 1, wherein the link arm includes at least one cleat arranged on an upper surface of the link arm. 15. A structure according to claim 1, wherein the link arm comprises two beams arranged in a V formation. 16. A structure according to claim 1, wherein the link arm has sides extending between the first and second ends, and wherein the link arm includes at least one further flotation device and at least one further fender provided at an intermediate position on the link arm, at least a portion of the further fender extending above the link arm and beyond the sides of the link arm so as to serve as a guide for a boat approaching the berthing system. 17. A berthing system comprising at least one of a pontoon and a dock, and a plurality of structures according to claim 1 extending from said at least one of said pontoon and said dock. 18. A berthing system according to claim 17, in which finger walkways extend from said at least one of said pontoon and said dock, and each of said plurality of structures is placed between two of said finger walkways. 19. A berthing system according to claim 17, in which said plurality of said structures extend from said at least one of said pontoon and said dock in a parallel formation without intervening finger walkways. 20. A berthing system according to claim 19, in which said Plurality of said structures are at right angles to said at least one of said pontoon and said dock. 21. A berthing system according to claim 19, in which said plurality of said structures are at an oblique angle to said at least one of said pontoon and said dock. 