A system for monitoring the power output levels for each photovoltaic module of a solar array. The system connects individual photovoltaic module with its own voltage level sensing circuit, where the power output data is transferred through wired and wireless means to be efficiently analyzed. In addition to isolating high voltage DC power for safer information, the system enables technicians to quickly ascertain the productivity levels, potential problems, solutions and exact locations relating to each specific photovoltaic module within a solar array.
Claims 1. A monitoring system for photovoltaic modules, comprising: at least one voltage level sensing circuit; at least one analog to digital (A/D) controller; optical isolators; at least one micro-controller; at least one communications interface; and at least one master data concentrator. 2. The monitoring system for photovoltaic modules of claim 1, wherein energy conduits are configured to capture power output from the photovoltaic modules. 3. The monitoring system for photovoltaic modules of claim 2, wherein said energy conduits are connected to said at least one voltage level sensing circuit. 4. The monitoring system for photovoltaic modules of claim 3, wherein said at least one voltage level sensing circuit is configured to measure the power output of the photovoltaic modules. 5. The monitoring system for photovoltaic modules of claim 4, wherein said at least one analog to digital (A/D) controller is configured to transition the power output of the photovoltaic modules, that has been measured, from analog to digital information. 6. The monitoring system for photovoltaic modules of claim 1, wherein said optical isolators are configured to isolate high voltage DC power. 7. The monitoring system for photovoltaic modules of claim 1, wherein said at least one micro-controller is configured to adapt the power output of the photovoltaic modules, that has been measured, for processing. 8. The monitoring system for photovoltaic modules of claim 1, wherein said at least one communications interface is configured to transfer the power output of the photovoltaic modules, that has been measured, to said at least one master data concentrator. 9. The monitoring system for photovoltaic modules of claim 8, wherein said at least one master data concentrator is configured to assist in monitoring sensors. 10. The monitoring system for photovoltaic modules of claim 9, wherein a computing device and complementary software are configured to receive the power output of the photovoltaic modules, that has been measured. 11. A monitoring system for photovoltaic modules, comprising: at least one voltage level sensing circuit; at least one analog to digital (A/D) controller; at least one micro-controller; and at least two wireless transceivers. 12. The monitoring system for photovoltaic modules of claim 11, wherein a first of said at least two wireless transceivers is configured to transmit the power output of the photovoltaic modules, that has been measured. 13. The monitoring system for photovoltaic modules of claim 12, wherein a second of said at least two wireless transceivers is configured to receive the power output of the photovoltaic modules, that has been measured. 14. The monitoring system for photovoltaic modules of claim 13, wherein a computing device and complementary software are configured to receive the power output of the photovoltaic modules, that has been measured. 15. A monitoring system for photovoltaic modules, comprising: at least one voltage level sensing circuit; at least one analog to digital (A/D) controller; at least one micro-controller; and at least one power line master data concentrator. 16. The monitoring system for photovoltaic modules of claim 15, further comprising a signaling device configured to communicate with said at least one power line master data controller. 