A motor vehicle is provided that has a window pane, preferably a windshield, which has an upper pane section and a lower pane section. Furthermore, a sun visor for the upper pane section and a cover are provided, which may be moved from a starting position via a first position, in which the cover conceals the upper pane section, into a second position, in which the cover additionally conceals the lower pane section. The sun visor is implemented as light-transparent in a way which attenuates the incident light through the upper pane section.
Claims 1. A motor vehicle, comprising: a window pane having an upper pane section and a lower pane section; a sun visor for the upper pane section that is light transparent and attenuates an incident light through the upper pane section; and a cover movable from a starting position via a first position, in which the cover is adapted to conceal the upper pane section, into a second position, in which the cover is adapted to conceal the lower pane section. 2. The motor vehicle according to claim 1, wherein the window pane is a windshield. 3. The motor vehicle according to claim 1, wherein the cover is lockable in the first position. 4. The motor vehicle according to claim 1, wherein the cover is light-transparent and attenuates the incident light through the upper pane section and the lower pane section. 5. The motor vehicle according to claim 1, wherein the cover is situated above a roof lining of the motor vehicle in the starting position, and an opening is provided, through which the cover is movable from the starting position into at least one of the first position or the second position. 6. The motor vehicle according to claim 1, wherein the cover is implemented as an awning unrollable from a roll, the roll situated above a lining of a roof. 7. The motor vehicle according to claim 1, wherein a light transparency of the sun visor is changeable. 8. The motor vehicle according to claim 7, wherein the light transparency of the sun visor is settable by an occupant. 9. The motor vehicle according to claim 7, wherein the light transparency of the sun visor is automatically changeable as a function of a solar radiation. 10. The motor vehicle according to claim 9, wherein the light transparency of the sun visor is decreased in an event of a stronger solar radiation and increased in a second event of a weaker solar radiation. 11. The motor vehicle according to claim 1, wherein the sun visor is fastened on the upper pane section. 12. The motor vehicle according to claim 11, wherein the sun visor is connected, to the upper pane section pressing flatly on the upper pane section. 13. The motor vehicle according to claim 11, wherein the upper pane section is implemented as at least one of a tinted, tintable, or self-tinting pane section. 14. The motor vehicle according to claims 11, wherein further comprising a rearview mirror situated on a roof lining. 15. The motor vehicle according to claim 11, further comprising a camera adapted to register rear traffic; and a monitor adapted to display an images registered by the camera. 16. The motor vehicle according to claim 1, wherein the sun visor is situated between in the motor vehicle with implementation of a gap between the sun visor and the inside of the upper pane section, the cover being movable through the gap from the starting position into the first position and the second position. 17. The motor vehicle according to claim 16, wherein the cover is supported on a side of the sun visor facing toward the gap. 18. The motor vehicle according to one of claims 16, wherein the sun visor is fixedly fastened to a lining of a roof. 19. The motor vehicle according to claim 18, further comprising a rearview mirror fastened on the sun visor. 20. The motor vehicle according to claim 16, wherein the sun visor is fastened on a lining of a roof so it is movable from a usage position, in which the incident light through the upper pane section is attenuated, into a non-usage position. 21. The motor vehicle according to claim 1, wherein the cover is only movable into the second position if at least one of the motor vehicle is stationary, an engine is turned off, or a central locking is actuated. 22. The motor vehicle according to claim 1, wherein the cover situated in the second position is automatically movable into the first position if at least one of an engine is turned on or if a central locking is actuated. 23. The motor vehicle according to claim 1, further comprising a drive unit adapted to move the cover. 