The present invention relates to power supplies, and more particularly, to a power supply having a maximum power point tracking function that controls power switching so that a detected power value is within a reference range having a maximum power point in a predetermined current-voltage curve. A power supply having a maximum power point tracking function according to an aspect of the invention includes: a converter section switching input power and converting the switched input power into predetermined DC power; and a maximum power point tracking section detecting a power value determined according to a switching operation of the converter section among power values included in a predetermined power-voltage curve, and controlling the switching operation of the converter section so that the detected power value is located within a predetermined reference range having a maximum power value among the power values included in the power-voltage curve.
Claims 1. A power supply having a maximum power point tracking function, the power supply comprising: a converter section switching input power and converting the switched input power into predetermined DC power; and a maximum power point tracking section detecting a power value determined according to a switching operation of the converter section among power values included in a predetermined power-voltage curve, and controlling the switching operation of the converter section so that the detected power value is located within a predetermined reference range having a maximum power value among the power values included in the power-voltage curve. 2. The power supply of claim 1, wherein the maximum power point tracking section comprises: a power detector detecting the power value from the input power; a comparator comparing the power value from the power detector and the maximum power value; a switching controller supplying a switching control signal used to control the switching operation of the converter section according to a comparison result of the comparator; and an initializer initializing the maximum power value when the switching control signal from the switching controller is a switching-off signal. 3. The power supply of claim 2, wherein the power detector comprises: a multiplication unit detecting a current and a voltage from the input power to calculate a power value; a peak detection unit detecting the maximum power value among power values from the multiplication unit; and an amplification unit electrically connected between the multiplication unit and the peak detection unit, and amplifying the power value from the multiplication unit. 4. The power supply of claim 3, wherein the initializer initializes the maximum power value by discharging power charged in the capacitor when the switching control signal is a switching-off signal. 5. The power supply of claim 2, wherein the comparator adds a predetermined offset power value to the detected power value, and compares a result of the addition and the maximum power value, and the offset power value is a difference between the maximum power value and a minimum power value within the reference range. 6. The power supply of claim 2, wherein the switching controller is a D flip-flop having a clock terminal receiving the comparison result from the comparator, a Q terminal outputting a signal having a predetermined level, a Q' terminal outputting a signal having an inversion level of a signal level of the Q terminal, and a D terminal receiving the signal from the Q' terminal, and the signal from the Q' terminal is the switching control signal. 7. The power supply of claim 2, wherein the converter section comprises: an inductor boosting a voltage level of the input power; a switch switching the power from the inductor according to the switching control signal; a diode rectifying the power switched by the switch; and a capacitor stabilizing the power rectified by the diode. 8. The power supply of claim 1, further comprising an inverter section converting the DC power from the converter section into predetermined AC power. 9. The power supply of claim 1, wherein the input power is power supplied from a solar array, and the power supply is a solar photovoltaic power generator generating power using sunlight. 