An inverted metamorphic multifunction solar cell, and its method of fabrication, including an upper subcell, a middle subcell, and a lower subcell, including providing a first substrate for the epitaxial growth of semiconductor material; forming an upper first solar subcell on the substrate having a first bandgap; forming a middle second solar subcell over the first solar subcell having a second bandgap smaller than the first bandgap; forming a graded interlayer over the second subcell, the graded interlayer having a third bandgap greater than the second bandgap; and forming a lower third solar subcell over the graded interlayer having a fourth bandgap smaller than the second bandgap such that the third subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to the second subcell, wherein at least one of the solar subcells has heterojunction base-emitter layers.
Claims 1. A multijunction solar cell comprising: a bottom subcell having a bandgap in the range of 0.8 to 1.2 eV, a middle subcell having a base and an emitter, a band gap in the range of 1.2 to 1.6 eV, and being disposed over and being lattice mismatched to the bottom subcell; and a top subcell having a base and emitter, and being disposed over and being lattice matched to the middle subcell, wherein at least one of the base-emitter junctions in the middle and top subcells is a heterojunction. 2. The multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 1, wherein the base and emitter of the top subcell forms a homojunction. 3. The multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 2, wherein the top subcell is composed of InGa(Al)P. 4. The multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 1, wherein said middle cell is composed of n GaInP, GaAs, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN emitter region and a GaAs, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN base region. 5. The multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 4, wherein the middle subcell is composed of an InGaP emitter layer and a GaAs or an In.sub.0.015GaAs base layer. 6. The multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 1, wherein the bottom subcell is composed of InGaAs base and emitter regions. 7. A multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 1, further comprising a graded interlayer disposed between said middle subcell and said bottom subcell, said interlayer being compositionally graded to lattice match the middle subcell on one side and the bottom subcell on the other side. 8. The multifunction solar cell as defined in claim 7, wherein said graded interlayer is composed of any of the As, P, N, Sb based III-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the middle subcell and less than or equal to that of the bottom subcell, and having a bandgap energy greater than that of the middle subcell. 9. The multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 7, wherein the graded interlayer is composed of (In.sub.xGa.sub.1-x).sub.yAl.sub.1-yAs, with x and y selected such that the band gap of the interlayer remains constant at approximately 1.50 eV. 10. A multifunction solar cell comprising an upper subcell, a middle subcell, and a lower subcell, comprising: an upper first solar subcell having a base and an emitter and having a first bandgap; a middle second solar subcell having a second bandgap smaller than said first bandgap adjacent to said first solar subcell and having a heterojunction base and emitter; a graded interlayer adjacent to said second solar subcell, said graded interlayer having a third bandgap greater than said second bandgap; and a lower solar subcell adjacent to said graded interlayer, said lower subcell having a fourth bandgap smaller than said second bandgap such that said third subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to said second subcell, and having a base and emitter. 11. The multifunction solar cell of claim 10, wherein the graded interlayer is compositionally graded to lattice match the middle subcell on one side and the bottom subcell on the other side. 12. The multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 10, wherein said graded interlayer is composed of any of the As, P. N, Sb based III-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the middle subcell and less than or equal to that of the bottom subcell, and having a bandgap energy greater than that of the middle subcell. 13. The multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 10, wherein the graded interlayer is composed of (In.sub.xGa.sub.1-x).sub.yAl.sub.1-yAs. 14. The multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 10, wherein the upper subcell is composed of InGa(Al)P. 15. A multifunction solar cell as defined in claim 10, wherein the middle subcell is composed of InGaP emitter layer and a GaAs or In.sub.0.015GaAs base layer. 16. A multifunction solar cell as defined in claim 10, wherein the bottom solar subcell is composed of an InGaAs base layer and an InGaP emitter layer lattice matched to the base. 17. A photovoltaic solar cell comprising: a top subcell including base and emitter layers of InGaP semiconductor material; a middle subcell including a base layer of GaAs semiconductor material and a emitter layer of InGaP semiconductor material; and a bottom subcell including an emitter layer composed of InGaP and base layer composed of an InGaAs semiconductor material. 18. The solar cell as defined in claim 17, wherein said bottom subcell is disposed over a substrate selected from the group of sapphire GaAs, Ge or Si. 19. The solar cell as defined in claim 18, wherein said bottom subcell is bonded to said substrate by an adhesive. 20. The solar cell as defined in claim 18, wherein the bottom subcell is eutectically bonded to said substrate. 21. A multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 17, further comprising a graded interlayer disposed between said middle subcell and said bottom subcell, said interlayer being compositionally graded to lattice match the middle subcell on one side and the bottom subcell on the other side. 22. The multifunction solar cell as defined in claim 21, wherein said graded interlayer is composed of any of the As, P, N, Sb based III-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the middle subcell and less than or equal to that of the bottom subcell, and having a bandgap energy greater than that of the middle subcell. 23. The multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 21, wherein the graded interlayer is composed of (In.sub.xGa.sub.1-x).sub.yAl.sub.1-yAs, with x and y selected such that the band gap of the interlayer remains constant. 24. A multijunction solar cell comprising a first subcell comprising a first semiconductor material with a first bandgap and a first lattice constant; a second subcell comprising a second semiconductor material with a second bandgap and a second lattice constant, wherein the second bandgap is less than the first bandgap and the second lattice constant is greater than the first lattice constant; and a lattice constant transition material positioned between the first subcell and the second subcell, said lattice constant transition material having a lattice constant that changes gradually from the first lattice constant to the second lattice constant, wherein at least one of the subcells includes a heterojunction. 25. The multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 24, wherein said transition material is composed of any of the As, P, N, Sb based III-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the middle subcell and less than or equal to that of the bottom subcell, and having a band gap energy greater than that of the middle subcell. 26. The multifunction solar cell as defined in claim 24, wherein the transition material is composed of (In.sub.xGa.sub.1-x).sub.yAl.sub.1-yAs with x and y selected such that the band gap of the interlayer remains constant at approximately 1.50 eV. 27. The multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 24, wherein said first subcell is composed of an GaInP, GaAs GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN emitter region and an GaAs, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN base region. 28. The multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 24, wherein the second subcell is composed of an InGaAs base and emitter regions. 29. A method of forming a multijunction solar cell comprising: forming a first subcell comprising a first semiconductor material with a first band gap and a first lattice constant; forming a second subcell comprising a second semiconductor material with a second band gap and a second lattice constant, wherein the second band gap is less than the first band gap and the second lattice constant is greater than the first lattice constant; and forming a lattice constant transition material positioned between the first subcell and the second subcell, said lattice constant transition material having a lattice constant that changes gradually from the first lattice constant to the second lattice constant, wherein at least one of the cells includes a heterojunction. 30. A method as defined in claim 29, wherein said transition material is composed of any of the As P, N, Sb based III-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the middle subcell and less than or equal to that of the bottom subcell, and having a band gap energy greater than that of the middle subcell. 31. A method as defined in claim 29, wherein the transition material is composed of (In.sub.xGa.sub.1-x).sub.yAl.sub.1-yAs, with x and y selected such that the band gap of the interlayer remains constant at approximately 1.50 eV. 32. A method as defined in claim 29, wherein said first subcell is composed of an GaInP, GaAs, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN emitter region and an GaAs, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN base region. 33. A method as defined in claim 29, wherein the second subcell is composed of an InGaAs base and emitter regions. 34. A method of forming a multijunction solar cell comprising: forming a bottom subcell having a band gap in the range of 0.8 to 1.2 eV, forming a middle subcell having a base and emitter, a bandgap in the range of 1.2 to 1.6 eV, and being disposed over and being lattice mismatched to the bottom cell; and forming a top subcell having a base and emitter and being disposed over and being lattice matched to the middle cell, wherein at least one of the base emitter junctions in the middle and top subcells is a heterojunction. 35. A method of forming multijunction solar cell comprising an upper subcell, a middle subcell, and a lower subcell, comprising: forming an upper first solar subcell having a base and an emitter and having a first band gap; forming a middle second solar subcell having a second band gap smaller than said first band gap adjacent to said first solar subcell and having a heterojunction base and emitter; forming a graded interlayer adjacent to said second solar subcell, said grading interlayer having a third band gap greater than said second band gap; and forming a lower solar subcell adjacent to said graded interlayer, said lower subcell having a fourth band gap smaller than said second band gap such that said third subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to said second subcell, and wherein at least one of the middle and lower subcells has a heterojunction base and emitter. 36. A method of forming photovoltaic solar cell comprising: forming a top cell including base and emitter layers of InGaP semiconductor material; forming a middle cell including a base layer of GaAs semiconductor material and a emitter layer of InGaP semiconductor material; and forming a bottom cell including an emitter layer composed of InGaP and base layer composed of an InGaAs semiconductor material. 37. A method of manufacturing a solar cell comprising: providing a first substrate; depositing on a first substrate a sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming a solar cell including at least one base-emitter junction forming a heterojunction; mounting a surrogate substrate on top of the sequence of layers; and removing the first substrate. 38. A method as defined in claim 37, further comprising thinning the surrogate substrate to a predetermined thickness. 