Described herein is a system for generating electric power, comprising: an electric-power source (1) having a preferential point of operation; a double-stage inverter (3A, 3B), which transfers the energy from said source to an external a.c.-voltage electrical network (9); a block (5) for identification of the preferential point of operation, which supplies a reference signal according to the conditions of operation of the electric-power source and to the preferential point of operation of said source; a corrector block (10), provided for setting the parameter for control of the boost converter (3A) of the double-stage inverter (3A, 3B) as a function of the reference signal and of a signal of actual operation of said electric-power source, and for maintaining the source in the proximity of the preferential point of operation.
Claims 1. A system for generating electric power, comprising: an electric-power source, having a preferential point of operation, correlated to at least one variable parameter that can vary as a function of at least one non-controllable event; a double-stage inverter, which transfers the energy from said source to an external AC-voltage electrical network; said double-stage inverter comprising as first stage a DC/DC voltage-boosting converter, controlled via a control parameter, and as second stage a DC/AC inverter; a block for identifying the preferential point of operation, said block supplying a reference signal according to the conditions of operation of said electric-power source and to the preferential point of operation of said electric-power source; a corrector block, provided for setting the parameter for control of the boost converter as a function of said reference signal and of a signal of actual operation of said electric-power source, and for maintaining said electric-power source in the proximity of the preferential point of operation; wherein said corrector block is designed to suppress or reduce the effect on said reference signal and said variable parameter of at least one disturbance at a pre-determined frequency, coming from the electrical network to which the output of said inverter is connected, by means of an error signal provided by the comparison of said reference signal with said signal of actual operation of the electric-power source. 2. The system according to claim 1, wherein said signal of actual operation of said electric-power source is constituted by said variable parameter. 3. The system according to claim 1 or 2, wherein said electric-power source comprises at least one field of photovoltaic panels and wherein said preferential point of operation is the point of delivery of the maximum power, the variable parameter being constituted by the voltage across the field of photovoltaic panels, said voltage across the field of photovoltaic panels varying according to the solar power incident on said field of photovoltaic panels. 4. The system according to claim 3, wherein said block for identifying the preferential point of operation is a block that executes a maximum power-point tracking (MPPT) algorithm. 5. The system according to claim 4, wherein said algorithm is a perturb-and-observe algorithm. 6. The system according to claim 3 or 4 or 5, wherein said reference signal supplied by the block for identifying the preferential point of operation is a reference voltage across the field of photovoltaic panels, and wherein said corrector block determines the value of the parameter for controlling the boost converter as a function of the difference between said reference voltage and the actual voltage across the field of photovoltaic panels. 7. The system according to one or more of the preceding claims, wherein said parameter for controlling the boost converter is the duty cycle of said boost converter. 8. The system according to one or more of the preceding claims, wherein said disturbance is constituted by an oscillation of the bulk voltage at output from said boost converter, at the second harmonic of the network voltage. 9. The system according to claim 8, wherein said corrector block comprises a regulator with a passband higher than the second harmonic of the network voltage. 10. A method for controlling the operation of an electric-power source having a preferential point of operation correlated to at least one parameter that can vary as a function of at least one non-controllable event, comprising the steps of: extracting DC power at an output voltage from said source; boosting the voltage from the output value of said source to a higher value by means of a DC/DC boost converter; converting said DC voltage into an AC voltage by means of an inverter; introducing the energy at output from the inverter into an AC-voltage electrical network, to which the output of said inverter is connected; generating a reference signal, which is a function of the conditions of operation of the electric-power source and of the preferential point of operation of said source; comparing said reference signal with a signal of actual operation of the electric-power source and generating an error signal; and as a function of said error signal, regulating a parameter for controlling said boost converter via a corrector block sized to suppress or reduce the effect on said signal of actual operation and on said reference signal of at least one disturbance at a pre-determined frequency, coming from the electrical network to which the output of said inverter is connected 11. The method according to claim 10, in which said electric-power source comprises at least one field of photovoltaic panels, said method comprising the step of identifying a point of delivery of the maximum power as a function of the conditions of solar irradiation on said field of photovoltaic panels, said signal of actual operation being the voltage across the field of photovoltaic panels. 12. The method according to claim 11, comprising the steps of: determining a reference voltage across the field of photovoltaic panels, corresponding to the preferential point of operation; and detecting the actual voltage across the field of photovoltaic panels and generating said error signal. 13. The method according to claim 12, in which said parameter for controlling the boost converter is the duty cycle. 14. The method according to one or more of claims 11 to 13, in which said point of delivery of the maximum power is identified via a perturb-and-observe algorithm. 