A method and device for optimizing power output of a power generation system having a load engaging system, a load optimizing system, a load selection system, a motive driver and one or more loads or power transfer parameters. The power generation system is configured using an electrical generator to consume system power out. The load engaging system decides when and how the load or power transfer parameters are applied to and removed from the system. The load selection system enables multiple power transfer parameters to be optimized by selecting and isolating one power transfer parameter at a time to be optimized. The load optimizing system optimizes system power output by manipulating the selected power transfer parameter, dynamically in response to change in power output.
Claims 1. A method of optimizing generated power output of a power generation system, the method comprising the steps of: 1) providing a source of power; 2) providing a load that consumes system generated power out; 3) providing a controller configured to employ the following steps: a. providing one or more power transfer parameters operatively connected and responsive to said power generation system that may be applied to the system, selected for optimization and optimized by said controller; b. selecting one power transfer parameter for optimization; c. optimizing power generation system power output by increasing or decreasing the selected power transfer parameter as required to maximize system power output based on the power generating system's power output measurements: a "load optimizing system" operatively connected and responsive to said controller. 2. The method of optimizing generated power output according to claim 1 may further comprise providing a power source consisting of one member selected from the group consisting of: a source of mechanical power, any device that is used to perform mechanical work, a source of thermodynamic power, and a solar source of thermodynamic power. 3. The method of optimizing generated power output according to claim 1 wherein said power transfer parameter consumes power generating system generated power that may further comprise the step of providing a mechanically driven electricity generating device that may apply an electromechanical load to the power generating system consuming power by supplying electrical power to an electrical load. 4. The method of optimizing generated power output according to claim 3, wherein said mechanically driven electricity generating device is one member selected from the group consisting of a fixed load electrical generator, a fixed load alternator, a fixed load dynamo, a variable load electrical generator, a variable load alternator, a variable load dynamo, an electrical generator that may place an electromechanical load on the source of power and combinations thereof. 5. The method of optimizing generated power output according to claim 3, wherein said mechanically driven electricity generating device may further comprise providing that device with a variable current field winding, whereby the electromechanical load of the electricity generation device may be removed, applied and varied by applying, removing or varying the field winding current. 6. The method of optimizing generated power output according to claim 3, wherein said mechanically driven electricity generating device is a mechanically driven generator/alternator having an electromechanical load which varies as a function of a variable electrical current passing through windings of the generating device, the generating device further having a mechanically driven cooling system that is dependent on the generating device's RPM or speed; the generating device further comprising a first engaged state in which the generating device's electromechanical load is applied and a second disengaged state in which the electromechanical load is removed based on a selected generating device's RPM or speed. 7. The method of optimizing generated power output according to claim 1 may further comprise the step of applying and removing one or more power transfer parameters: a "load engaging system" operatively connected and responsive to said controller. 8. The method of optimizing generated power output of claim 7, wherein said "load engaging system" further comprises the following steps: 1) applying and removing one or more power transfer parameters and combinations thereof, based on continuous monitoring of the speed of the source of power; 2) setting a beginning intensity of one or more applied power transfer parameters from which change will be implemented; 3) setting an initial direction of one or more power transfer parameter settings to be increasing or decreasing towards maximum power transfer; 4) setting a rate of change, increasing or decreasing, that is appropriate for the application of each individual power transfer parameter in the power generation system. 9. The method of optimizing generated power output according to claim 1 wherein the step of selecting one power transfer parameter for optimization may further comprise the step of holding all other power transfer parameters that are operatively connected to said power generation system for optimization by said controller constant in their last setting while one power transfer parameter is being selected and optimized by said controller: a "load selecting system" operatively connected and responsive to said controller. 10. The method of optimizing generated power output of claim 1, wherein said "load optimizing system" further comprises the following steps: 1) measuring system power output; 2) determining the direction of system power output, increasing or decreasing, by comparing delayed power output measurements to more recent power output measurements; 3) varying the selected power transfer parameter so as to optimize the transfer of power by either increasing or decreasing the power transfer parameter based upon the result of the comparison of power output measurements, increasing or decreasing. 11. The method for optimizing output power of claim 10, wherein said "load optimizing system" may further comprise the step of reusing said load optimizing method to vary one or more power transfer parameters. 12. The method of optimizing generated power output of claim 1 wherein said "load optimizing system" comprises the step of varying the selected power transfer parameter so as to optimize the transfer of power by either increasing or decreasing the power transfer parameter based upon the determined direction of system output power, increasing or decreasing, in an amount that will not stall the power generation system. 13. A controller device optimizing generated power output of a power generation system comprising the following: 1) a device that may apply, remove and select one or more power transfer parameters that are operatively connected and responsive to said power generation system, and are optimized by said controller device; 2) a device that selects one power transfer parameter for optimization operatively connected and responsive to said controller device; 3) a power generating system optimizing device that increases system power output by increasing or decreasing the selected power transfer parameter as required to maximize system power output based on the power generating system's power output measurements: a "load optimizing system" operatively connected and responsive to said controller device. 14. The controller device optimizing generated power output according to claim 13 wherein said power transfer parameter consumes power generating system generated power, may further comprise providing a mechanically driven electricity generating device that may apply an electromechanical load to the power generating system consuming power by supplying electrical power to an electrical load. 15. The device optimizing generated power output according to claim 14, wherein said mechanically driven electricity generating device is one member selected from the group consisting of a fixed load electrical generator, a fixed load alternator, a fixed load dynamo, a variable load electrical generator, a variable load alternator, a variable load dynamo, an electrical generator that may place an electromechanical load on the source of power and combinations thereof. 16. The device optimizing generated power output according to claim 15 wherein said mechanically driven electricity generating device may further comprise providing that device with a variable current field winding, whereby the electromechanical load of the electricity generation device may be removed, applied and varied by applying, removing or varying the field winding current. 17. The device optimizing generated power output according to claim 14 wherein said mechanically driven electricity generating device is a mechanically driven generator/alternator having an electromechanical load which varies as a function of a variable electrical current passing through windings of the generating device, the generating device further having a mechanically driven cooling system that is dependent on the generating device's RPM or speed; the generating device further comprising a first engaged state in which the generating device's electromechanical load is applied and a second disengaged state in which the electromechanical load is removed based on a selected generating device's RPM or speed. 18. The device optimizing generated power output of claim 13, may further comprise a device that applies and removes one or more power transfer parameters: a "load engaging system" operatively connected and responsive to said controller device. 19. The device optimizing generated power output of claim 18, wherein said "load engaging system" further comprises: 1) a device to apply and remove one or more power transfer parameters and combinations thereof, based on continuous monitoring of the speed of the source of power; 2) a device to set a beginning intensity of one or more applied power transfer parameters from which change will be implemented; 3) a device to set an initial direction of one or more power transfer parameter settings to be increasing or decreasing towards maximum power transfer; 4) a device to set a rate of change, increasing or decreasing, that is appropriate for the application of each individual power transfer parameter in the power generation system. 20. The device optimizing generated power output of claim 13, wherein said device that selects one power transfer parameter for optimization may further comprise a device that holds all other power transfer parameters that are operatively connected to said power generation system for optimization by said controller constant in their last setting, while one power transfer parameter is being selected and optimized by said controller device: a "load selecting system" operatively connected and responsive to said controller device. 21. The device for optimizing power output of claim 13 wherein said "load optimizing system" further comprises: 1) a device to measure system power output; 2) a device to determine the direction of system power output, increasing or decreasing, by comparing delayed power output measurements to more recent power output measurements; 3) a device to vary the selected power transfer parameter so as to optimize the transfer of power by either increasing or decreasing the power transfer parameter based upon the result of the comparison of power output measurements, increasing or decreasing. 22. The device for optimizing power output of claim 21, wherein said "load optimizing system" may further comprise reusing said load optimizing device to control one or more power transfer parameters. 23. The device optimizing generated power output of claim 13 wherein said "load optimizing system" further varies the selected power transfer parameter so as to optimize the transfer of power by either increasing or decreasing the power transfer parameter based upon the determined direction of system output power, increasing or decreasing, in an amount that will not stall the power generation system. 