A solar energy control system includes a storage battery, a solar energy operated absorption board, a load, a controller, a first ZigBee module, a second ZigBee module, and a monitoring device. The absorption board is connected to the battery for charging the battery. The load is connected to the battery for receiving a working voltage from the battery. The controller is connected to the absorption board to detect a voltage of the absorption board, and control the charging status according to the detected voltage. The first ZigBee module is connected to the monitoring device. The second ZigBee module is connected to the controller. The monitoring device monitors a status of the controller and sends control instructions to the controller through the first and second ZigBee modules.
Claims 1. A solar energy control system comprising: a storage battery; a solar energy operated absorption board connected to the battery for charging the battery; a load connected to the battery for receiving a working voltage from the battery; a controller connected to the absorption board to detect a voltage of the absorption board, and control the absorption board to charge the battery according to the detected voltage; a first ZigBee module; a second ZigBee module connected to the controller; and a monitoring device connected to the first ZigBee module, the monitoring device monitoring a status of the controller and sending control instructions to the controller through the first and second ZigBee modules to control charging status of the absorption board. 2. The solar energy control system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the controller comprises a microprocessor and a communication interface connected between the microprocessor and the second ZigBee module, the microprocessor is connected to the absorption board for detecting the voltage of the absorption board and judging a time for day or night to control the charging status. 3. The solar energy control system as claimed in claim 2, wherein the microprocessor is connected to the battery for receiving a working voltage from the battery. 4. The solar energy control system as claimed in claim 3, wherein the controller further comprises a step-down transformer is connected between the battery and the microprocessor for reducing a voltage of the battery to an appropriate voltage that is provided to the microprocessor. 5. The solar energy control system as claimed in claim 2, wherein the microprocessor is connected to the battery and the load for detecting a current of the load, and controlling a voltage of the battery provided to the load according to the detected current. 6. The solar energy control system as claimed in claim 2, wherein the communication interface is an RS-485 serial interface. 7. The solar energy control system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the monitoring device is a computer. 8. The solar energy control system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the first ZigBee module is a coordinator, and the second ZigBee module is a router. 