Eyewear having radiation monitoring capability is disclosed. Radiation, such as ultraviolet (UV) radiation, infrared (IR) radiation or light, can be measured by a detector. The measured radiation can then be used in providing radiation-related information to a user of the eyewear. Advantageously, the user of the eyewear is able to easily monitor their exposure to radiation.
Claims 1. Eyewear, comprising: a frame including at least a first temple and a second temple; a radiation detector for sensing an amount of radiation; and an electronic circuit operatively connected to said radiation detector, said electronic circuit providing at least radiation information based on at least the amount of radiation sensed by said radiation detector, wherein said radiation detector and said electronic circuit are at least partially internal to the first temple of said frame. 2. Eyewear as recited in claim 1, wherein said eyewear further comprises: a switch operatively connected to said electronic circuit to provide a calibration adjustment for said electronic circuit. 3. Eyewear as recited in claim 2, wherein the switch has multiple positions, each of the positions pertaining to a skin type. 4. Eyewear as recited in any of claim 1, wherein said eyewear further comprises: a switch operatively connected to said electronic circuit to facilitate user interaction. 5. Eyewear as recited in claim 1, wherein said eyewear further comprises: a memory device for storage of at least radiation information. 6. Eyewear as recited in claim 1, wherein said frame comprises a switch operatively connected to said electronic circuit to control supply of power, a reset operation or a user setting. 7. Eyewear as recited in claim 1, wherein said eyewear further comprises: an output device to inform a user of said eyewear of the radiation information, and wherein said electronic circuit is further operatively connected to said output device to direct said output device to present the radiation information to the user. 8. Eyewear as recited in claim 1, wherein said electronic circuit includes at least a circuit board and at least one of a transistor and a controller. 9. Eyewear as recited in claim 1, wherein said eyewear further comprises: a display device to inform a user of said frame of the radiation information, and wherein said electronic circuit is operatively connected to said display device to direct said display device to present the radiation information to the user. 10. Eyewear as recited in claim 9, wherein said display device is coupled to or at least partially internal to the first temple of said frame 11. Eyewear as recited in claim 9, wherein the radiation information depends on integrating at least a portion of the radiation sensed across a duration of time. 12. Eyewear as recited in claim 9, wherein the radiation information being displayed on said display device is depicted by at least one of: a numerical value, a word or a graphic symbol. 13. Eyewear as recited in claim 9, wherein the radiation information being displayed on said display device is represented by one of a plurality of predetermined graphic symbols, the one of the plurality of predetermined graphic symbols being displayed depends on the radiation information to be presented. 14. Eyewear as recited in claim 13, wherein a first of the predetermined graphic symbols is displayed on said display device when an accumulated amount of radiation is low, a second of the predetermined graphic symbols is displayed on said display device when an accumulated amount of radiation is moderate, and a third of the predetermined graphic symbols is displayed on said display device when an accumulated amount of radiation is high. 15. Eyewear as recited in claim 9, wherein the radiation information being displayed on said display device is represented by one of a plurality of segments or numerical values, the one of the plurality of segments or numerical values being displayed depends on the radiation information to be presented. 16. Eyewear as recited in claim 1, wherein said eyewear further comprises: at least one solar element for converting light into electrical energy, the electrical energy being provided to said electronic circuit. 17. Eyewear as recited in claim 1, wherein said radiation detector comprises: an attenuation material for reducing passage of radiation therethrough; and a photodetector for sensing at least a portion of radiation that passes through said attenuation material, whereby at least a portion of radiation incident on said frame can be sensed by said photodetector via said attenuation material. 18. Eyewear, comprising: a frame including at least a first temple and a second temple; a radiation detector for sensing an amount of radiation; and an electronic circuit operatively connected to said radiation detector, said electronic circuit providing at least radiation information based on at least the amount of radiation sensed by said radiation detector, wherein said radiation detector includes at least an optical filter for reducing passage of predetermined undesired radiation therethrough; and a photodetector for sensing at least a portion of radiation that passes through said optical filter, wherein said photodetector and said electronic circuit are internal to said frame, and wherein said frame has an opening adjacent said optical filter to allow at least a portion of the radiation that passes through said optical filter to impinge on said photodetector. 19. A consumer product for monitoring radiation, comprising: a radiation detector for sensing an amount of radiation; and an electronic circuit operatively connected to said radiation detector, said electronic circuit providing at least radiation information based on at least the amount of radiation sensed by said radiation detector, wherein said radiation detector and said electronic circuit are at least partially embedded in said consumer product, wherein the radiation being detected by said radiation detector is principally solar radiation from the sun, and wherein said consumer product is worn be a user. 