A combination power plant/fluid compressor is provided for service vehicles. A small displacement internal combustion engine can be used to drive a fluid compressor, both mounted on a platform that can be mounted on the vehicle. A coupler is used to directly couple power from a pulley mounted on the crankshaft of the engine to the fluid compressor. The engine can operate on fuel from the fuel tank on the vehicle. The engine can be water-cooled and be configured to circulate heated coolant to the engine cooling system on the vehicle. In another embodiment, the engine can be operatively coupled to a stand-alone air conditioning system. In a further embodiment, the engine can be operatively coupled to a stand-alone electrical charging system.
Claims 1. A combination power plant/fluid compressor for a service vehicle having a fuel tank, comprising: a) a platform configured for mounting on the service vehicle; b) a first water-cooled, internal combustion engine having a crankshaft, the first engine operatively disposed on the platform, the first engine configured to operate on fuel from the fuel tank; c) a fluid compressor operatively disposed on the platform; and d) a coupler operatively disposed between the first engine and the fluid compressor, the coupler configured to couple power directly from the crankshaft of the first engine to the fluid compressor. 2. The combination power plant/fluid compressor as set forth in claim 1 wherein the coupler comprises a first coupler half operatively coupled to the crankshaft, a second coupler half operatively coupled to the fluid compressor and a coupler shaft disposed between the first and second coupler halves, the coupler shaft configured to rotationally engage the first coupler half to the second coupler half. 3. The combination power plant/fluid compressor as set forth in claim 2 wherein the coupler halves and the coupler shaft both comprise splines. 4. The combination power plant/fluid compressor as set forth in claim 2 wherein the coupler halves and the coupler shaft comprise complementary cross-sectional shapes. 5. The combination power plant/fluid compressor as set forth in claim 4 wherein the cross-sectional shape is polygonal or D-shaped. 6. The combination power plant/fluid compressor as set forth in claim 1 further comprising means for circulating heated coolant from the first engine to a second engine disposed in the service vehicle. 7. The combination power plant/fluid compressor as set forth in claim 6 wherein the means further comprises hose means configured for circulating the heated coolant. 8. The combination power plant/fluid compressor as set forth in claim 1 further comprising a stand-alone air conditioning system operatively coupled to the engine for use in cooling the interior of the service vehicle. 9. The combination power plant/fluid compressor as set forth in claim 8 further comprising an evaporator configured to be disposed in the service vehicle. 10. The combination power plant/fluid compressor as set forth in claim 9 wherein the evaporator is configured to be installed in a ventilation system disposed in the service vehicle. 11. The combination power plant/fluid compressor as set forth in claim 1 further comprising a stand-alone electrical charging system operatively coupled to the first engine for charging a second charging system disposed in the service vehicle. 12. The combination power plant/fluid compressor as set forth in claim 11 wherein the stand-alone electrical charging system further comprises a solar panel system or an external power supply for charging the second charging system when the first engine is not running. 13. The combination power plant/fluid compressor as set forth in claim 1 wherein the fluid compressor comprises one or more selected from the group consisting of an air compressor and a hydraulic fluid pump. 14. The combination power plant/fluid compressor as set forth in claim 2 wherein the fluid compressor comprises one or more selected from the group consisting of an air compressor and a hydraulic fluid pump. 15. The combination power plant/fluid compressor as set forth in claim 6 wherein the fluid compressor comprises one or more selected from the group consisting of an air compressor and a hydraulic fluid pump. 16. The combination power plant/fluid compressor as set forth in claim 8 wherein the fluid compressor comprises one or more selected from the group consisting of an air compressor and a hydraulic fluid pump. 17. The combination power plant/fluid compressor as set forth in claim 11 wherein the fluid compressor comprises one or more selected from the group consisting of an air compressor and a hydraulic fluid pump. 