A method and apparatus for automating control, remotely monitoring, and controlling a gas wellhead extraction assembly, coupled to a gas pipeline section. The gas wellhead extraction device assembly may be used to increase gas volume, and/or overall gas flow from productive low or high pressure wells, as well as "wake-up" or recover lowered production from depleting wells. Two features of the gas wellhead extraction device assembly of the present invention is the capability of creating substantial differential pressure, along with the ability to create substantial vacuum pressure on the suction inlet.
Claims 1. A method of automating control, remotely monitoring, and controlling a gas wellhead extraction assembly, coupled to a gas pipeline section, said method comprising the steps of: coupling said gas wellhead extraction assembly to either a first pipeline section to receive a gas from said first gas pipeline section; coupling said gas wellhead extraction assembly to a second pipeline section providing gas to the second gas pipeline section, coupling a control panel to a variable frequency drive and a plurality of sensors configured to measure a plurality of operating parameters; measuring an output parameter of said variable frequency drive and said plurality of operating parameters at selected intervals through said control panel; determining a diurnal condition of a location of said gas wellhead extraction assembly; adjusting said output parameter of said variable frequency drive in response to said determined diurnal condition and said measured plurality of operating parameters; repeating adjusting and measuring to maintain said output parameter of said variable frequency drive and said plurality of operating parameters at optimum values. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising: recording said output parameter of said variable frequency drive, said plurality of operating parameters, and said diurnal condition in a memory storage system coupled to said control panel; transmitting said output parameter of said variable frequency drive, said diurnal condition, and said plurality of operating parameters over a secure communication system coupled to said control panel to a remote computer system. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein measuring said output pararameter of said variable frequency drive, said diurnal condition, and said plurality of parameters comprises measuring said output parameter of said variable frequency drive, said diurnal condition, and said plurality of parameters substantially simultaneously at selected intervals. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein measuring said plurality of parameters comprises measuring a suction pressure; a discharge pressure; and further comprising at least one of: a discharge gas temperature; a gas wellhead extraction device case temperature; a gas flow rate; a gas composition; a rotational velocity of a gas wellhead extraction device. 5. The method of claim 6, further comprising determining a differential pressure by calculating a difference between said measured suction pressure and said measured discharge pressure. 6. The method of claim 1, further comprising positioning the gas wellhead extraction assembly over either said first or said second pipeline section; 7. The method of claim 3, wherein the repeating adjusting and measuring to maintain said plurality of parameters at an optimum values further comprises maintaining said plurality of parameters at values at which at least one of a maximum gas production rate, a maximum return on investment, a maximum productive life of a well, a maximum mean time between failure of the gas wellhead extraction assembly, and producing a minimum amount of water is achieved. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein said adjusting and measuring further comprises allowing said gas to flow under natural pressure and to bypass a gas wellhead extraction device coupled to said variable frequency drive. 9. The method of claim 1, wherein said first pipeline section further comprises a wellhead. 10. The method of claim 1, wherein measuring an output parameter of said variable frequency drive and said plurality of operating parameters at selected intervals further comprises measuring at a selected time interval, a selected clock time of a processor couple to said control panel, and a total gas flow over a selected time interval. 11. The method of claim 2, wherein transmitting said output parameter of said variable frequency drive, said diurnal condition, and said plurality of operating parameters over a secure communication system further comprises: encrypting said output parameter, said diurnal condition, and said plurality of operating parameters, and; transmitting said encrypted output parameter, said diurnal condition, and said plurality of operating parameters over a wireless communication system. 12. The method of claim 2, further comprising: transmitting at least one of commands and software upgrades to said control panel from said remote computer system, and; receiving confirmation at said remote computer system from said control panel acknowledging receipt of said commands and said software upgrades at said control panel. 13. The method of claim 1, further comprising providing power to said gas wellhead extraction assembly. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein providing said power further comprises providing power from a at least one an electrical distribution system, a power system configured to convert a portion of gas in said pipeline to electrical or hydraulic power, a solar power system, and a wind power system 15. A gas wellhead extraction device assembly monitoring and control system comprising: a gas wellhead extraction device assembly comprising: an inlet connection and an outlet connection configured to couple said gas wellhead extraction device assembly to a gas pipeline; a plurality of sensors configured to measure a plurality of operating parameters; a gas wellhead extraction device, and; a bypass assembly configured to allow a gas contained within said pipeline to bypass said gas wellhead extraction device, said bypass assembly coupled to said inlet connection and said outlet connection; a control panel system operably coupled to said gas wellhead extraction assembly, said control panel system comprising: a touch screen for manually or remotely programming said system; a variable frequency drive operably coupled to said gas wellhead extraction device; a processor operably coupled to said variable frequency drive, said bypass valve assembly, and said plurality of sensors; a memory storage system operably coupled to said processor and operably configured to store and retrieve data measured by said plurality of sensors, an operating condition of said variable frequency drive, and an operating condition of said bypass valve assembly; a secure communication system operably coupled to said processor. 16. The gas wellhead extraction device assembly monitoring and control system of claim 15, wherein said first pipeline section further comprises a wellhead. 17. The gas wellhead extraction device assembly monitoring and control system of claim 15, wherein the plurality of sensors comprise a transducer configured to measure suction pressure; a transducer configured to measure discharge pressure; and further comprising at least one of: a transducer configured to measure a discharge gas temperature; a transducer configured to measure a gas wellhead extraction device internal case temperature; a gas flow rate sensor; a gas composition sensor; a sensor configured to measure a diurnal condition of a location of said gas wellhead extraction assembly, and; a sensor to measure a frequency of said variable frequency device. 18. The gas wellhead extraction device of claim 17, further comprising a sensor configured to measure a concentration of a selected component of the gas, said selected component of the gas comprising oxygen levels in parts per million. 19. The sensor configured to measure a diurnal condition of a location of said gas wellhead extraction assembly of claim 17, further comprising a photo-eye. 20. The gas wellhead extraction device assembly monitoring and control system of claim 15, wherein said gas wellhead extraction device assembly monitoring and control system is configured to be at least one of explosion proof, intrinsically safe, and pressurized. 21. The gas wellhead extraction device assembly monitoring and control system of claim 16, wherein the gas wellhead extraction device further comprises a rotary blower. 22. The gas wellhead extraction device assembly monitoring and control system of claim 15, wherein the memory storage system further comprises one of flash memory, externally erasable programmable read only memory, non-volatile random access memory, and removable memory card. 23. The gas wellhead extraction device assembly monitoring and control system of claim 15, wherein said secure communication system further comprises at least one of a satellite communication receiver/transmitter, an Ethernet connection, a wireless local area network, and a wireless cellular network configured to transmit and to receive encrypted and non-encrypted data, software updates, operating commands, and communications from said remote computer system. 24. The gas wellhead extraction device assembly monitoring and control system of claim 23, wherein said secure communication system further comprises a secure communication system configured to transmit and receive software updates, operating commands, and communications from at least one of a cellular phone, a satellite phone, a VoIP phone, a computer enabled for wireless area network communication, and another gas wellhead extraction device assembly monitoring and control system proximate to said gas wellhead extraction device assembly monitoring and control system. 25. The gas wellhead extraction device assembly monitoring and control system of claim 15, wherein said remote computer system further comprises a remote computer server hosting at least one of secure Internet-Protocol address and secure web site, said secure Internet-Protocol address and secure web site configured to securely communicate with at least one of a desktop computer, a laptop computer, a handheld personal digital assistant, and an internet-enabled cellular phone. 26. The gas wellhead extraction device assembly monitoring and control system of claim 15, wherein the processor further comprises a computer and an operating software configured to control the operation of said gas wellhead extraction device assembly. 27. The gas wellhead extraction device assembly monitoring and control system of claim 15, further comprising a power supply system configured to provide power to said gas wellhead extraction device assembly monitoring and control system. 28. The gas wellhead extraction device assembly monitoring and control system of claim 27, wherein said power supply system further comprises at least one of a connection to an electrical distribution system, a power system configured to convert a portion of said gas in said pipeline to electrical or hydraulic power, a solar power system, and a wind power system. 29. The gas wellhead extraction device assembly monitoring and control system of claim 15, wherein said secure communication system broadcasts a WiFi signal utilized for at least one of general high speed internet access, VoIP or ISP in a nontraditional manner. 