Apparatus for disinfecting fluid. The apparatus includes a disinfection tank including a heat exchanger extending from an inlet to an outlet for heating preheated fluid to a second temperature to thereby disinfect the fluid. A preheat heat exchanger is provided for heating the fluid to a first temperature using heat recovered from disinfected fluid provided at the outlet and a control system, including one or more sensors for monitoring operation of the apparatus, is used for determining if signals from the sensors fall outside predetermined operating ranges and either generating an indication of a fault or stopping operation of the apparatus.
Claims 1) Apparatus for disinfecting fluid, the apparatus including: a) a disinfection tank including a heat exchanger extending from an inlet to an outlet for heating preheated fluid to a second temperature to thereby disinfect the fluid; b) a preheat heat exchanger for heating the fluid to a first temperature using heat recovered from disinfected fluid provided at the outlet; and, c) a control system including one, or more sensors for monitoring operation of the apparatus, the control system being for: i) determining if signals from the sensors fall outside predetermined operating ranges; and, ii) at least one of: (1) generating an indication of a fault; and, (2) stopping operation of the apparatus. 2) Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the control system is for monitoring at least one of: a) an operating temperature; b) water levels; c) pump operation; d) heat element operation; and, e) power supply operation. 3) Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the heat exchanger has a predetermined length. 4) Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the heat exchanger is formed from a convoluted pipe. 5) Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the heat exchanger is formed from a coiled pipe. 6) Apparatus according to claim 4, wherein the coiled pipe is adapted to reduce the effects of channelling within the pipe. 7) Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the heat source includes a primary circuit and at least one of: a) a heating element; and, b) a second heat exchanger coupled to a source of hot fluid. 8) Apparatus according to claim 6, wherein the hot fluid is heated by at least one: a) waste heat from equipment; and, b) solar heating. 9) Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the disinfection tank is a reverse acting califorier. 10) Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the disinfection tank is a Rotex.TM. SC500. 11) Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the heat exchanger is a PE-X heat exchanger. 12) Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the preheat heat exchanger is a second reverse acting califorier. 13) Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the preheat heat exchanger is a second Rotex.TM. SC500. 14) Apparatus according to claim 13, wherein the second inlet and second outlet are coupled to a primary circuit of the second Rotex.TM. SC500. 15) Apparatus according to claim 14, wherein the preheat heat exchanger is a PE-X heat exchanger. 16) Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the disinfection tank includes an insulated housing. 17) Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the heat source includes pipe coupled to a boiler. 18) Apparatus according to claim 17, wherein the fluid at the second temperature is pressurised. 19) Apparatus according to claim 18, wherein the apparatus includes one or more pressure release valves. 20) Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the fluid is provided at a predetermined rate, and wherein the heat exchanger is adapted to heat the fluid to the second temperature for a predetermined length of time. 21) Apparatus according to claim 20, wherein the apparatus further includes a control system for controlling the predetermined rate. 22) Apparatus according to claim 21, the control system including: a) a flow control valve; and, b) a controller for controlling the flow control valve. 23) Apparatus according to claim 22, wherein the apparatus further includes a temperature sensor which generates signals indicative of the second temperature, and wherein the controller controls the predetermined flow rate in accordance with the signals. 24) Apparatus according to claim 22, wherein the controller is a suitably programmed processing system. 25) Apparatus for disinfecting fluid, the apparatus including: a) a disinfection tank including a heat exchanger extending from an inlet to an outlet for heating preheated fluid to a second temperature using waste heat from a generator, to thereby disinfect the fluid; b) a preheat heat exchanger for heating the fluid to a first temperature using heat recovered from disinfected fluid provided at the outlet; c) a pump for pumping fluid through the disinfection tank and the preheat heat exchanger; and, d) a control system including a temperature sensor coupled to the generator, the control system being adapted to control an operating speed of the pump using signals from the temperature sensor. 26) Apparatus according to claim 25, wherein the transfer of waste heat from the generator is used to cool the generator, and wherein the control system is for: a) increasing the pump speed in response to an increase in the temperature of the generator; and, b) decreasing the pump speed in response to a decrease in the temperature of the generator. 27) Apparatus for disinfecting fluid, the apparatus including: a) a disinfection tank including a heat exchanger extending from an inlet to an outlet for heating preheated fluid to a second temperature to thereby disinfect the fluid; b) a preheat heat exchanger for heating the fluid to a first temperature using heat recovered from disinfected fluid provided at the outlet; and, c) a treatment system for pre-treating fluid supplied to the preheat heat exchanger. 28) Apparatus according to claim 27, wherein the treatment system includes at least one of: a) a filter system for filtering the fluid to remove particulate material; b) a reverse osmosis system for removing salt from the fluid; c) a vacuum distillation system for removing salt from the fluid; and, d) a sewage treatment plant for pre-treating sewage. 29) A supply system including: a) a generator for generating electricity; b) an absorption chiller for using exhaust gases from the generator to provide chilled fluid; c) a fluid disinfection system including a disinfection tank having a heat exchanger extending from an inlet to an outlet for using waste heat from the generator to disinfect fluid; and, d) a hot water system for using waste heat from the generator to provide heated fluid. 30) Apparatus according to claim 29, wherein the hot water system is formed from a second heat exchanger provided in the fluid disinfection system. 31) Apparatus according to claim 29, wherein the apparatus further includes a storage tank for storing disinfected water for use as potable water. 32) Apparatus according to claim 31, wherein the hot water system is coupled to the storage tank to heat disinfected fluid. 33) Apparatus according to claim 31, wherein the apparatus further includes: a) one or more washing units coupled to the storage tank and the hot water supply for providing washing facilities; and b) one or more toilets. 34) Apparatus according to claim 33, wherein the apparatus further includes: a) a sewage treatment system for treating waste water from at least one of the toilets and the washing units to produce treated waste water; and, b) a second fluid disinfection system coupled to the sewage treatment system for disinfecting the treated waste water, the disinfected treated waste water being used by the one or more toilets. 35) Apparatus according to claim 34, wherein the apparatus further includes a filtration system for filtering the treated waste water prior to disinfection. 36) Apparatus according to claim 39, wherein the apparatus is provided as a modular system including a number of containers. 37) Apparatus according to claim 36, wherein the containers are shipping containers. 38) Apparatus according to claim 36, wherein: a) a first container contains the generator; b) a second container contains the absorption chiller; and, c) a third container contains the fluid disinfection system and the hot water system. 39) Apparatus according to claim 38, wherein the apparatus includes a fourth container containing one or more washing units and one or more toilets. 40) Apparatus for disinfecting fluid, the apparatus including: a) a preheat heat exchanger for heating the fluid to a first temperature, the preheat heat exchanger including: i) a first inlet for receiving the fluid; ii) a first outlet for supplying preheated fluid at the first temperature; iii) a second inlet for receiving disinfected fluid substantially at a second temperature; and, iv) a second outlet for supplying the disinfected fluid; and, b) a disinfection tank for heating the fluid to a second temperature, the disinfection tank including: i) a heat source; ii) an inlet for receiving the preheated fluid; iii) a heat exchanger coupled to the inlet for heating the preheated fluid to a second temperature to thereby disinfect the fluid; and, iv) an outlet coupled to the heat exchanger for providing the disinfected fluid to the second inlet of the preheat heat exchanger. 41) Apparatus according to claim 40, wherein the heat exchanger is formed from a coiled or convoluted pipe adapted to reduce the effects of channelling within the pipe. 42) A method of operating apparatus for disinfecting fluid, the apparatus including: a) a preheat heat exchanger for heating the fluid to a first temperature, the preheat heat exchanger including: i) a first inlet for receiving the fluid; ii) a first outlet for supplying preheated fluid at the first temperature; iii) a second inlet for receiving disinfected fluid substantially at a second temperature; and, iv) a second outlet for supplying the disinfected fluid; and, b) a disinfection tank for heating the fluid to a second temperature, the disinfection tank including: i) a heat source; ii) an inlet for receiving the preheated fluid; iii) a heat exchanger coupled to the inlet for heating the preheated fluid to a second temperature to thereby disinfect the fluid; and, iv) an outlet coupled to the heat exchanger for providing the disinfected fluid to the second inlet of the preheat heat exchanger; and, v) wherein the method includes supplying the fluid to the first inlet at a predetermined rate. 43) A supply system including: a) an absorption chiller for using an external heat source to provide chilled fluid; b) a fluid disinfection system including a disinfection tank having a heat exchanger extending from an inlet to an outlet for using an external heat source to provide disinfected fluid; c) a hot water system for using an external heat source to provide heated fluid; and, d) a waste heat recovery system to recover waste heat, the waste heat recovery system acting as an external heat source for at least one of the absorption chiller, the fluid disinfection system and the hot water storage system. 44) Apparatus according to claim 43, wherein the waste heat recovery system includes a heat exchanger coupled to at least one of: a) a generator; and, b) a boiler. 45) Apparatus according to claim 43, wherein the waste heat recovery system provides heat to a selected one of the absorption chiller, the fluid disinfection system and the hot water system, the system further including a second waste heat recovery system for: a) recovering waste heat from the selected one of the absorption chiller, the fluid disinfection system and the hot water system; and b) providing the waste heat to one of the absorption chiller, the fluid disinfection system and the hot water system. 46) Apparatus according to claim 43, wherein the fluid disinfection system includes: a) a preheat heat exchanger for heating the fluid to a first temperature, the preheat heat exchanger including: i) a first inlet for receiving the fluid; ii) a first outlet for supplying preheated fluid at the first temperature; iii) a second inlet for receiving disinfected fluid substantially at a second temperature; and, iv) a second outlet for supplying the disinfected fluid; and, b) a disinfection tank coupled to an external heat source for heating the fluid to a first temperature, the disinfection tank including: i) an inlet for receiving the preheated fluid; ii) a heat exchanger coupled to the inlet for heating the preheated fluid to a second temperature to thereby disinfect the fluid; and, iii) an outlet coupled to the heat exchanger for providing the disinfected fluid to the second inlet of the preheat heat exchanger. 47) A supply system including: a) a fluid disinfection system including a disinfection tank having a heat exchanger extending from an inlet to an outlet for using an external heat source to provide disinfected fluid; b) a hot water system for using an external heat source to provide heated fluid; and, c) a waste heat recovery system to recover waste heat, the waste heat recovery system acting as an external heat source for at the fluid disinfection system and the hot water storage system. 48) Apparatus for treating ballast water in a vessel, the apparatus including: a) a preheat heat exchanger for heating the ballast water to a first temperature, the preheat heat exchanger including: i) a first inlet for receiving the ballast water from a ballast tank; ii) a first outlet for supplying preheated ballast water at the first temperature; iii) a second inlet for receiving disinfected ballast water substantially at a second temperature; and, iv) a second outlet for supplying the disinfected ballast water to the ballast tank; and, b) a disinfection tank for heating the ballast water to the second temperature, the disinfection tank including: i) an inlet for receiving the preheated ballast water; ii) a heat exchanger coupled to the inlet for heating the preheated ballast water to a second temperature to thereby disinfect the ballast water; and, iii) an outlet coupled to the heat exchanger for providing the disinfected ballast water to the second inlet of the preheat heat exchanger; and, c) a heat recovery heat system coupled to engines provided in the vessel, the heat recovery system being adapted to heat the disinfection tank, thereby allowing the ballast water to be disinfected. 49) Apparatus according to claim 48, wherein the first inlet is coupled to the ballast tank at a first level and the second outlet is coupled to the ballast tank at a second level, the second level being higher than the first level to thereby ensure disinfected water is returned to the ballast tank at a higher level. 50) Apparatus for treating ballast water in a vessel, the apparatus including: a) a heat recovery heat system for recovering heat from at least one of an engine and a boiler; and, b) a fluid disinfection system for heating the ballast water to a predetermined temperature using the recovered waste heat, to thereby disinfect the ballast water. 