An exemplary multifunctional helmet includes a main body, at least one electronic device and at least one pellicular solar cell. The main body includes at least one first mounting portion and at least one second mounting portion. The at least one electronic device is mounted in the at least one first mounting portion. The at least one pellicular solar cell is mounted in the at least one second mounting portion. The at least one pellicular solar cell electrically connects to the at least one electronic device so as to provide electric energy to the at least one electronic device.
Claims 1. A multifunctional helmet, comprising: a main body comprising at least one first mounting portion and at least one second mounting portion; at least one electronic device mounted in the at least one first mounting portion; and at least one solar cell mounted in the at least one second mounting portion, the at least one solar cell electrically being connected with the at least one electronic device so as to provide electric energy to the at least one electronic device. 2. The multifunctional helmet as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a peripheral portion extending from the main body. 3. The multifunctional helmet as claimed in claim 1, further comprising at least one lace connecting to the main body. 4. The multifunctional helmet as claimed in claim 1, wherein the at least one electronic device is either a camera module or a media player. 5. The multifunctional helmet as claimed in claim 4, wherein the media player is either an MP3 player or a radio player. 6. The multifunctional helmet as claimed in claim 1, wherein the main body comprises an outer surface, the outer surface comprises a top portion and opposite side portions at opposite sides of the top portion, the at least one first mounting portion including two first mounting portions arranged on the respective side portions. 7. The multifunctional helmet as claimed in claim 6, wherein the at least one second mounting portions comprises three second mounting portions on the outer surface, one of the second mounting portions arranged on the top portion of the outer surface, the other two of the second mounting portions arranged on the side portions of the outer surface respectively. 8. The multifunctional helmet as claimed in claim 6, wherein the first mounting portions protrude from the outer surface of the main body. 9. The multifunctional helmet as claimed in claim 6, wherein the second mounting portions each define a recess in the outer surface of the main body. 10. The multifunctional helmet as claimed in claim 9, wherein the second mounting portions each have a transparent cover covering the corresponding recess. 11. The multifunctional helmet as claimed in claim 1, wherein the at least one second mounting portions comprises a plurality of second mounting portions, and the at least one solar cell includes a plurality of solar cells mounted in the respective second mounting portions. 12. The multifunctional helmet as claimed in claim 11, wherein the second mounting portions each define a recess, the recesses in communication with each other. 13. The multifunctional helmet as claimed in claim 1, wherein the at least one second mounting portion defines a recess, and the at least one first mounting portion defines a recess in communication with the recess of the at least one second mounting portion. 14. The multifunctional helmet as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a media player electrically connected with the at least one solar cell. 15. The multifunctional helmet as claimed in claim 1, wherein the at least one solar cell comprises a flexible substrate comprised of polymer; a back metal contact layer formed on the substrate; a P-type semiconductor layer formed on the back metal contact layer; a P-N junction layer formed on the P-type semiconductor layer; an N-type semiconductor layer formed on the P-N junction layer; and a front metal contact layer formed on the N-type semiconductor layer. 16. A multifunctional helmet, comprising: a main body for protecting a head of a user; an electronic device mounted on main body; and a solar cell mounted on the main body for electrical connecting to the electronic device and powering the electronic device. 17. The multifunctional helmet as claimed in claim 16, wherein the electronic device includes a media player. 