A modular cooling tower that serves to cool down cooling water or condense coolant. The modular cooling tower has a greatly reduced height, is easily transported and installed as a finished product, prevents damage and has an improved aesthetic appearance because components are installed inside a casing, efficiently circulates cooling water and air into a heat exchanger unit without a bypass flow, ensures excellent heat exchange performance by preventing the recirculation of exhaust air, makes it easy to inspect and repair components inside the modular cooling tower, is easily installed in a multi-stage structure on the roof of a building, makes the upper space of the modular cooling tower to be used, and makes it easy to install a cover wall and covering members that cover the modular cooling tower.
Claims 1. A modular cooling tower comprising: a casing having a supply port and an exhaust port, the casing defining a heat exchange area therein; a heat exchanger unit arranged in the heat exchange area, wherein the heat exchanger unit allows cooling water and air to circulate therein, thereby exchanging heat with each other; a spray unit arranged above the heat exchanger unit, wherein the spray unit sprays cooling water; a blower fan unit for blowing air toward the heat exchanger unit and exhausting saturated humid air, which has undergone heat exchange, through the exhaust port; an eliminator for collecting drops of water scattering toward the exhaust port; a sump for collecting cooling water dropping through the heat exchanger unit, the sump having a cooling water outlet port; a frame assembly arranged along six inner surfaces of the casing to support the casing, wherein the casing has a horizontal box-like shape having six sides including a front plate, a rear plate, an upper plate, a bottom plate, a pair of side plates, the supply port is formed through the rear plate or the bottom plate of the casing, and the exhaust port is formed through the front plate of the casing; a ventilation partition unit arranged between the heat exchanger unit and the supply port to form the supply area such that cooling water and air efficiently circulate without a roundabout flow, wherein the ventilation partition unit includes a spray area-partitioning section, which partitions a portion of the spray unit, a supply area-partitioning section, which faces the heat exchanger unit, an upper partitioning section formed between the spray area-partitioning section and the supply area-partitioning section, and a ventilation opening formed in the supply area-partitioning section; a suction area formed between the ventilation partition unit and the supply port; an exhaust area formed between the heat exchanger unit and the exhaust port; a lower mounting assembly including a plurality of members, wherein the lower mounting assembly is arranged in the suction area or the exhaust area in close contact with an underside of the casing; and an upper mounting assembly including a plurality of members, wherein the upper mounting assembly is arranged in close contact with an upper portion of the casing. 2. The modular cooling tower according to claim 1, wherein the casing includes a graphic film or a graphic plate attached to an outer surface thereof. 3. The modular cooling tower according to claim 1, further comprising at least one supply guide member and at least one shutoff member in the supply port, the supply port extending through the rear plate of the casing, wherein the supply guide member includes a plurality of guide blades, a supply guide member frame on which the guide blades are mounted, and a plurality of hinges, wherein each of the hinges has one piece fixed to a side portion of the supply guide member frame and the other piece fixed to a portion of the casing adjacent to the supply port, and wherein the shutoff member opens and closes the supply port. 4. The modular cooling tower according to claim 1, further comprising at least one supply guide member and at least one shutoff member in the supply port, the supply port extending through the bottom plate of the casing, wherein the supply guide member includes a bird prevention lattice, which prevents birds from entering the supply port, a supply guide member frame on which the bird prevention lattice is mounted, and a plurality of hinges, wherein each of the hinges has one piece fixed to a side portion of the supply guide member frame and the other piece fixed to a portion of the casing adjacent to the supply port, and wherein the shutoff member opens and closes the supply port. 5. The modular cooling tower according to claim 1, further comprising at least one exhaust guide member and at least one shutoff member in the exhaust port, wherein the exhaust guide member includes a plurality of exhaust guide blades, a exhaust guide member frame on which the exhaust guide blades are mounted, and a plurality of hinges, wherein each of the hinges has one piece fixed to a side portion of the exhaust guide member frame and the other piece fixed to a portion of the casing adjacent to the exhaust port, and wherein the shutoff member opens and closes the exhaust port. 6. The modular cooling tower according to claim 1, wherein the heat exchanger unit comprises one selected from the group consisting of an open heat exchanger unit, a closed heat exchanger unit, and a combination heat exchanger unit in which an open type and a closed type are combined to each other. 7. The modular cooling tower according to claim 6, wherein the open heat exchanger unit has a side shape selected from the group consisting of rectangle, square, and parallelogram. 8. The modular cooling tower according to claim 1, further comprising a louver on a side portion of the heat exchanger unit, which faces the ventilation partition unit, wherein the louver guides a flow of supply air and collects scattering drops of cooling water. 9. The modular cooling tower according to claim 1, further comprising a dry heat exchanger unit in the exhaust area, wherein the dry heat exchanger heats saturated humid air, exhausted toward the exhaust port, thereby reducing plume, and includes a dry heat transfer tube having a plurality of heat transfer fins, a hot fluid inlet header coupled to one end of the dry heat transfer tube, the hot fluid inlet header having a hot fluid inlet port, a hot fluid outlet header coupled to the other end of the dry heat transfer tube, the hot fluid outlet header having a hot fluid outlet port. 10. The modular cooling tower according to claim 1, wherein the spray unit comprises a gravity-type spray unit or a pressure-type spray unit. 11. The modular cooling tower according to claim 1, wherein the blower fan unit comprises one selected from the group consisting of a centrifugal fan unit, a plenum-type fan unit, and an axial-flow fan unit. 12. The modular cooling tower according to claim 11, further comprising a flexible vibration-proof coupling member between the ventilation opening and a flange, wherein the flexible vibration-proof coupling member prevents vibration of the blower fan unit from being transferred. 13. The modular cooling tower according to claim 1, wherein the upper partitioning section is inclined downward toward the heat exchanger unit in order to prevent cooling water, which flows along a surface of the spray area-partitioning section, from circulating into the exhaust area-partitioning section. 14. The modular cooling tower according to claim 1, wherein, in the ventilation partition unit, an upper end of the spray area-partitioning section is fixed to the upper plate of the casing, a lower end of the supply area-partitioning section is fixed to an inner portion of the sump, and both the spray area-partitioning section and the supply area-partitioning section are fixed to the side plates of the casing. 15. The modular cooling tower according to claim 1, further comprising a plurality of cover wall support beams on the lower mounting assembly and the upper mounting assembly, wherein the cover wall support beams fix a cover wall, which covers the cooling tower, and form a fastening plate having bolt-fastening holes in both ends. 16. The modular cooling tower according to claim 1, wherein the lower mounting assembly and the upper mounting assembly include: upper and lower close contact sections, each of which has a plurality of mounting holes, through which fixing bolts extend; two or more mounting sections with a side section having a plurality of beam-fastening holes; a reinforcement plate vertically coupled to a horizontal central portion of the mounting section, the reinforcement plate having a plurality of beam-fastening holes; and fixing beams fixing the two or more mounting sections such that the mounting sections are in parallel to each other. 17. The modular cooling tower according to claim 1, comprising two of the modular cooling towers vertically mounted in a multi-stage structure by fastening the lower mounting assembly and the upper mounting assembly. 18. The modular cooling tower according to claim 1, wherein the modular cooling tower is mounted on a ceiling of a building using the lower mounting assembly or the upper mounting assembly as fixing sections. 19. The modular cooling tower according to claim 1, further comprising a first duct-connected guide member on the supply port and a second duct-connected guide member on the exhaust member. 20. The modular cooling tower according to claim 1, further comprising a first muffler on the supply port and a second muffler on the exhaust member. 21. The modular cooling tower according to claim 1, further comprising a vibration-proof member on at least one of the blower fan unit and the lower mounting assembly. 22. The modular cooling tower according to claim 1, further comprising a platform coupled to an upper portion of the upper mounting assembly, wherein the platform includes a base plate, a horizontal beam fixing the base plate, a column member with a fastener plate formed on a lower portion thereof, the fastener plate having a plurality of bolt holes, a hand rail arranged along outer edges of the base plate, and a stair. 23. The modular cooling tower according to claim 22, further comprising a plurality of solar power generators on the platform, wherein the solar power generators supply electric power to lights around the cooling tower, a drive motor, a controller of the cooling tower. 24. The modular cooling tower according to claim 1, further comprising covering members mounted on the lower mounting assembly and the upper mounting assembly, the covering members facing the side plates of the casing and the upper plate of the casing. 25. The modular cooling tower according to claim 24, wherein the covering member comprises one selected from the group consisting of a graphic panel, a construction panel, and a forming panel. 26. The modular cooling tower according to claim 1, further comprising covering members mounted on the lower mounting assembly and the upper mounting assembly so as to face the front plate and the rear plate, the covering members having a supply opening and an exhaust opening. 27. The modular cooling tower according to claim 25, wherein the covering member comprises one selected from the group consisting of a graphic panel, a construction panel, and a forming panel. 28. The modular cooling tower according to claim 1, further comprising one selected from the group consisting of a plant-growing tray, a billboard, and a pulpit, on the upper mounting assembly, wherein the pulpit used to install a control panel of the cooling tower or a water treatment unit. 