The electronic skylight system includes an exterior mounted photovoltaic solar panel electrically connected to power-switched, ceiling-mounted LED light sources to simulate a traditional skylight. The photovoltaic (PV) panel output is routed to a distribution box that provides power to the LED array(s). Disposed between the PV panel and the distribution box is an optional 12-volt battery with charge controller and battery protection. The PV or battery power source activates the ceiling-mounted LED light array(s). Power switching in the LED arrays allows a user to turn off the arrays when the room needs to be darkened. Power from one photovoltaic panel can illuminate multiple rooms. The light output per room can be adjusted by using various power levels of LED lights.
Claims 1. An electronic skylight system, comprising: a photovoltaic panel adapted for mounting on an exterior of a structure; a cable having two conductors electrically connected to the photovoltaic panel, the cable being adapted for penetrating into an interior space of the structure; a distribution box electrically connected to the cable, the distribution box having an output adapted for routing power to a plurality of interior locations; and at least one power-switched LED array accepting the output from the distribution box, the array being adapted for mounting on a ceiling of the interior space. 2. An electronic skylight system, comprising: a photovoltaic panel adapted for mounting on an exterior of a structure; a cable having two conductors electrically connected to the photovoltaic panel, the cable being adapted for penetrating into an interior space of the structure; a distribution box electrically connected to the cable, the distribution box having an output adapted for routing power to a plurality of interior locations; and at least one power-switched electrical light source accepting the output from the distribution box, the electrical light source being adapted for mounting on a ceiling of the interior space. 3. The electronic skylight system according to claim 2, wherein the electrical light source is an array of compact fluorescent lamps. 4. The electronic skylight system according to claim 2, wherein the electrical light source is an array of light emitting diodes. 5. The electronic skylight system according to claim 2, wherein arrays of said electrical light source are mounted in disparate locations throughout the interior space. 6. The electronic skylight system according to claim 5, wherein said arrays have electrical lights having adjustable power levels for adjusting light output in each of the disparate interior spaces. 7. The electronic skylight system according to claim 2, further comprising: a battery with charge controller and battery protection disposed between the PV panel and the distribution box; and a switch electrically connecting the battery to the distribution box. 8. The electronic skylight system according to claim 2, further comprising a timer controlling power to the electrical light source, the timer being disposed in said distribution box. 