In a method for determining the electrical loadability of power lines by temperature measurement, the temperature is measured with at least one sensor arranged on the power line and connected to a data processing system, wherein the time-dependent temperature of the power line is determined by an existing or a weighted load parameter, and wherein based on the electrical current and the temperature measured by the sensor, taking into account either the existing or a weighted load parameter, a time-dependent electrical load is determined in the data processing system.
Claims 1. Method for determining the electrical loadability of power lines by means of temperature measurement, wherein by means of at least one sensor arranged on the power line and connected to a data processing system the temperature is measured, wherein the time-dependent temperature of the power line is determined by an existing or a weighted load parameter, and wherein based on the electrical current and the temperature measured by the sensor, taking into account either the existing or a weighted load parameter, a time-dependent electrical load is determined in the data processing system. 2. Method according to claim 1, wherein with the weighted temperature of the power line, based on the weighted load parameter and an ambient temperature with consideration of the limit temperature of the power line, a load current for the power line is determined in the data processing system as a load prognosis of the power line. 3. Method according to claim 1, wherein based on existing monitoring values, values of individual measurements, and weighting values assigned to individual measurements, estimated values for weighted load parameters are determined in the data processing system wherein weighting values of ambient temperatures, wind velocities, wind directions, solar radiation are saved each individually or in at least one combination in the data processing system. 4. Device for determining the electrical loadability of power lines, wherein on the power line a sensor connected to a data processing system is arranged for measuring the temperature and wherein the data processing system, based on the measured temperature, the electrical current and by taking into account either the existing or a weighted load parameter, determines a time-dependent electrical load, wherein the time-dependent temperature of the power line is determined based on the existing or a weighted load parameter. 5. Device according to claim 4, wherein the data processing system, based on the weighted temperature of the power line, determines based on the weighted load parameter and an ambient temperature under consideration of the limit temperature of the power line a load current for the power line as a load prognosis of the power line. 6. Device according to claim 4, wherein the data processing system, based on existing monitoring values, values of individual measurements, and weighting values assigned to individual measurements, determines deduced estimated values for weighted load parameters, wherein weighting values of ambient temperatures, wind velocities, wind directions, solar radiation, each individually or in at least one combination, are saved in the data processing system. 7. Device according to claim 4, wherein on the power lines of a power grid for electrical power transmission several of said sensor for measuring the temperature are arranged and connected each by a sender connected to said sensor with a receiver, wherein the receiver is connected to the data processing system. 8. Device according to claim 4, wherein the sensor is an acoustic surface wave component with at least one antenna and is connected by a control unit to the receiver of the data processing system, wherein the control unit has a first sending/receiving unit for electromagnetic waves as a connection to the acoustic surface wave component with the antenna and at least one second sending device for electromagnetic waves as a connection to the receiver connected to the data processing system. 9. Device according to claim 4, wherein the sensor is arranged on a clamp, a support, a connector, or a fixture for the power line. 10. Device according to claim 4, wherein the sensor is component of a clamp, a support, a connector or a fixture for the power line. 