A device and system for controlling travel of a railcar along a set of rails is provided. In one example, a railcar stop is coupled to the set of rails and is selectively movable between a first position wherein the railcar is free to travel along the set of rails and a second position wherein the railcar stop engages the treads of the wheels to thereby prevent travel of the railcar in at least one direction along the rails.
Claims 1. A device for controlling travel of a railcar along a set of rails, the railcar comprising wheels having treads that ride on the rails, the device comprising a railcar stop that is coupled to the set of rails and that is selectively movable between a first position wherein the railcar is free to travel along the rails and a second position wherein the railcar stop is configured to engage the tread of at least one of the wheels to thereby prevent travel of the railcar in at least one direction along the rails. 2. The device of claim 1, wherein the railcar stop engages the tread at a distance from a top surface of the rails that is substantially equal to the radius of the wheel. 3. The device of claim 1, wherein each of the wheels have flanges that extend radially outwardly from the treads and wherein when the railcar stop is in the second position, the flanges of the wheels prevent the railcar stop from moving into the first position. 4. The device of claim 1, wherein the railcar stop is configured to move generally parallel to the rails in forward and backward directions. 5. The device of claim 4, further comprising a shock absorber that biases the railcar stop towards the backward direction, wherein the shock absorber is configured to absorb compressive pressure when the wheels engage the railcar stop in the forward direction. 6. The device of claim 5, further comprising a housing for the shock absorber, the housing being coupled to an elongated support member mounted transversely beneath the rails. 7. The device of claim 1, wherein railcar stop comprises at least one wing. 8. The device of claim 7, wherein the railcar stop comprises a pivotable pin coupled to the wing, wherein pivoting of the pin in one direction causes the wing to move from the first position to the second position and wherein pivoting of the pin in the other direction causes the wing to pivot from the second position to the first position. 9. The device of claim 8, wherein the pin and wing are configured to move parallel to the rails in forward and backward directions. 10. The device of claim 9, wherein the pin comprises a spline configured to facilitate the forward and backward movement of the pin and wing. 11. The device of claim 9, further comprising a shock absorber that biases the railcar stop towards the backward direction, wherein the shock absorber is configured to absorb compressive pressure when the wheels engage the railcar stop in the forward direction. 12. The device of claim 11, wherein the railcar stop comprises a flange that engages the shock absorber when the railcar stop is in the second position and engaged by the wheel moving in the forward direction, and that does not engage with the shock absorber when the railcar stop is in the first position. 13. The device of claim 1, comprising a motor configured to move the railcar stop between the first and second positions. 14. The device of claim 13, comprising a worm drive that is configured to prevent the railcar stop from changing position unless the motor is activated. 15. The device of claim 1, wherein the railcar stop comprises wings coupled to each of the rails, wherein each wing is moveable between the first and second positions. 16. The device of claim 15, wherein in the first position the wings are disposed between the rails. 17. The device of claim 15, wherein in the first position the wings are disposed beneath a path of travel of the railcar. 18. The device of claim 15, wherein the railcar comprises a derailer mechanism for derailing the railcar when the railcar stop fails to impede travel of the railcar in the at least one direction. 19. The device of claim 18, wherein the derailer mechanism comprises a rib extending transversely to the path of travel. 20. The device of claim 18, wherein the derailer mechanism comprises a rib attached to each of the wings. 21. A system for controlling travel of a railcar along a set of rails, the railcar comprising wheels that each have a tread that rides on one of the rails, the system comprising: a railcar stop that is coupled to the set of rails and that is selectively movable between a first position wherein the railcar is free to travel along the rails and a second position wherein the railcar stop is configured to engage the treads of the wheels to thereby prevent travel of the railcar in at least one direction along the rails; a motor coupled to the railcar stop and configured to move the railcar stop between the first and second positions; and a controller configured to selectively actuate the motor. 22. The system of claim 21, further comprising a pair of said railcar stops spaced apart along said rails and configured to prevent travel of the railcar in either direction along the rails. 23. The system of claim 21, further comprising a power source for driving the motor, said power source selected from the group consisting of a battery and solar panels. 24. The system of claim 21, wherein the controller comprises a control pedestal having push buttons for actuating the motor. 25. The system of claim 21, wherein the controller comprises a remote control. 26. The system of claim 21, wherein the controller comprises a proximity switch configured to monitor the position of the railcar stop. 27. The system of claim 24, wherein the controller comprises a comparator for comparing whether the monitored position of the railcar stop is the same as a user inputted position for the railcar stop and further comprising an alarm configured to indicate when the positions are not the same. 28. The system of claim 21, wherein the motor is selected from the group consisting of an electric motor and a hydraulic motor. 