A solar collector comprises a solar absorbing tube 3 containing elongate tube 11 that extends out of one end of the solar absorbing tube 3 and into an end fitting 15 wherein an annular outer passageway 13 of the elongate tube 11 communicates with a cold fluid inlet conduit 16 within the end fitting 15 and the inner passageway 14 of the elongate tube 11 communicates with a hot water outlet conduit 17 within the end fitting 15. Each end fitting 15 is provided-with a receiving portion 22 extending orthogonally to the tubular passage 18 for receiving an end of the concentric elongated tube 11. The end fittings 15 are interconnected to provide fluid flow paths without the need for a manifold. Any number of solar collector tubes can be interconnected in this way. The invention also applies solar collectors of the heat pipe type.
Claims 1-30. (canceled) 31. A solar collector comprising at least one elongate tube, said at least one elongate tube including means for absorbing solar radiation, means for transferring heat from said heat absorbing means to a fluid to be heated and an end fitting providing fluid connection means for connection with a corresponding end fitting of an adjacent elongate member to permit passage of fluid between the end fittings without requiring a separate manifold. 32. The solar collector as claimed in claim 31 wherein said end fitting is provided at one end of each elongate member. 33. The solar collector as claimed in claim 31 wherein the end fitting comprises a fluid passageway, the end fitting being adapted to sealingly engage a similar passageway of an adjacent end fitting. 34. The solar collector as claimed in claim 33 wherein the end fitting comprises a seal for sealing engaging the passageways of adjacent end fittings. 35. The solar collector as claimed in claim 34 wherein the end fitting comprises a groove or recess for receiving an O-ring seal. 36. The solar collector as claimed in claim 33 wherein the end fitting comprises a receiving portion for receiving an end of a fluid flow pipe of a solar collector tube or a condenser section of a solar collector tube. 37. The solar collector as claimed in claim 36 wherein the receiving portion extends substantially orthogonally to the fluid passageway. 38. The solar collector as claimed in claim 36 wherein the receiving section is adapted for sealingly engaging with an end of a fluid flow pipe or a condenser section of a solar collector tube. 39. The solar collector as claimed in claim 38 wherein the receiving section comprises a smooth face for engaging a seal or a seal for sealingly engaging with an end of a fluid flow pipe of a solar collector tube. 40. The solar collector as claimed in claim 39 wherein the seal comprises an O-ring seal. 41. The solar collector as claimed in claim 38 wherein the receiving section is adapted for sealing engagement with a sealing plug of a condenser section of a solar collector tube. 42. The solar collector as claimed in claim 33 wherein the passageway is divided by a longitudinally extending dividing wall into a cold fluid passageway for a cold fluid stream and a hot fluid passageway for a hot fluid stream. 43. The solar collector as claimed in claim 42 wherein the dividing wall comprises an opening through which a hot fluid pipe of the solar collector tube extends for delivery of hot fluid from the solar collector tube into the hot fluid passageway. 44. The solar collector as claimed in claim 42 wherein the cold fluid passageway is in fluid communication with a cold fluid pipe of the solar collector tube. 45. The solar collector as claimed in claim 42 wherein, on assembly of one end fitting to an adjacent similar end fitting the dividing walls of the end fittings are substantially contiguous. 46. The solar collector as claimed in claim 31 comprising a protective casing for receiving the end fitting and an end of the solar collector tube. 47. The solar collector as claimed in claim 46 wherein the end fitting and/or the end of the solar collector tube are releasably engageable in the protective casing. 48. The solar collector as claimed in claim 47 wherein the protective casing comprises a main protector body and a closure part which is movably mounted to or removable from the main protector body. 49. The solar collector as claimed in claim 48 wherein the protective casing comprises a removable end cap. 50. The solar collector as claimed in claim 48 wherein the protective casing comprises a hinged or pivotal lid part. 51. The solar collector as claimed in claim 46 wherein the protective casing comprises a receiver for receiving a locking clip for securely mounting the solar collector tube and/or the associated end fitting in the protective housing. 52. The solar collector as claimed in claim 46 wherein the protective casing comprises a support structure. 53. The solar collector as claimed in claim 52 wherein the support structure is integral with the protective housing. 54. The solar collector as claimed in claim 52 wherein the support structures of adjacent protective casings are interlinkable. 55. The solar collector as claimed in claim 54 wherein adjacent support structures are interlocked by an interlink component. 56. The solar collector as claimed in claim 55 wherein at least part of the interlink component is integral with the support structure. 57. The solar collector as claimed in claim 55 wherein the interlink component is separate or separable from the support structure. 