An LED night light for night time or dark area use, such as a plug-in wall outlet night light or direct current (DC) operated night light, includes projection or image features to project or present an image, message, data, logo, or time on a ceiling, walls, floor, or other desired surface, or an optics element surface. The optics means may include an optics-lens, slide, convex lens, concave lens, openings, cut-outs, film, grating, or holographic element to create an image at a desired location. The night light may have an adjustable angle or distance between light source and optics-means, as well as other adjustable position, location, or orientation features.
Claims 1. A light emitting diode (LED) night light with an image display, comprising: at least one LED that serves as a light source for visible light beams; and at least one optics-means including parts selected from the group consisting of a slide, film, openings, cut-outs, transparent material piece, translucent material piece, grating, and hologram that form an image, message, data, logo, or time, the improvement comprising: a laser processed film or injection piece situated in front of said at least one LED and having a surface on which the image, message, data, logo, or time is visible to a viewer, wherein the LED night light is arranged to be plugged into a wall outlet or is a direct current operated LED night light. 2. An LED night light as claimed in any of claims 1, wherein said circuit means is arranged to provide light functions selected from the group consisting of fade-in and fade-out, automatic color changing, sequential or random on and off, chasing, pair flashing, time delay, time period selection, steady on, turn on or off in response to a photo or motion sensor, brightness changing, rotating effects, and other market-available light functions. 3. An LED night light as claimed in any of claims 1, wherein said optics-means further includes parts selected from the group consisting of an optics lens, a convex lens, a telescoping means, a concave lens, openings, cut-outs, film, a grating, and a hologram to create said image, logo, data, or time, and a desired location. 4. An LED night light as claimed in any of claims 1, wherein the optics-means has a geometric shape selected from the group consisting of a sphere, ball, and half ball, to project the image, logo, data, or time in three dimensions. 5. An LED night light as claimed in any of claims 1, further comprising telescoping means for moving said optics-means to change a focus of said image, logo, data, or time. 6. An LED night light as claimed in any of claims 1, wherein said circuit means are selected from the group consisting of a circuit board, integrated circuit, conductive means, switch means, AC jack, solar module, AC plug and wire, AC adaptor, sensor means, motion sensor means, and timer means to provide desired light functions and effects. 7. A light emitting diode (LED) night light with projection features, comprising: at least one LED that serves as a light source for visible light beams; at least one telescoping optics-means including parts selected from the group consisting of a slide, film, openings, cut-outs, transparent material piece, translucent material piece, grating, and hologram that form an image, data, logo, or time for projection onto a ceiling, wall, floor, desired surface, or optic-means surface; and at least one of a power source, circuit means, and trigger means arranged to work with said at least one LED to provide at least one of a desired light function, timing, colors, brightness, and illumination; the improvement wherein: said image, data, logo, or time is changeable by changing at least one of: (a) a slide or film, (b) an angle, position, or orientation of said at least one LED relative to said optics-means, (c) light functions, and (d) lighting effects, and said slide or film is changed by mounting said slide or film in a rotating disc or other device that enables changing of said slide or film, and and said night light is plugged into an electrical outlet. 8. An LED night light as claimed in any of claims 7, wherein said circuit means is arranged to provide light functions selected from the group consisting of fade-in and fade-out, automatic color changing, sequential or random on and off, chasing, pair flashing, time delay, time period selection, steady on, turn on or off in response to a photo or motion sensor, brightness changing, rotating effects, and other market-available light functions. 9. An LED night light as claimed in any of claims 7, wherein said optics-means further includes parts selected from the group consisting of an optics lens, a convex lens, a telescoping means, a concave lens, openings, cut-outs, film, a grating, and a hologram to create said image, logo, data, or time, and a desired location. 10. An LED night light as claimed in any of claims 7, wherein the optics-means has a geometric shape selected from the group consisting of a sphere, ball, and half ball, to project the image, logo, data, or time in three dimensions. 11. An LED night light as claimed in any of claims 7, further comprising telescoping means for moving said optics-means to change a focus of said image, logo, data, or time. 12. An LED night light as claimed in any of claims 7, wherein said circuit means are selected from the group consisting of a circuit board, integrated circuit, conductive means, switch means, AC jack, solar module, AC plug and wire, AC adaptor, sensor means, motion sensor means, and timer means to provide desired light functions and effects. 13. A light emitting diode (LED) night light with projection features, comprising: at least one LED that serves as a light source for visible light beams; at least one optics-means including parts selected from the group consisting of a slide, film, openings, cut-outs, transparent material piece, translucent material piece, grating, and hologram that form an image, data, logo, or time for projection onto a ceiling, wall, floor, desired surface, or optic-means surface; and at least one of a power source, circuit means, and trigger means arranged to work with said at least one LED to provide at least one of a desired light function, timing, colors, brightness, and illumination; the improvement wherein: said LED light device is a direct current (DC) power source night light arranged to be turned on when a housing of the night light is touched or pushed, and the power source is selected from the group consisting of an AC adaptor with a jack, a solar power source, wind power source, chemical power source, generator power source, and any other DC power source. 14. An LED night light as claimed in any of claims 13, wherein said circuit means is arranged to provide light functions selected from the group consisting of fade-in and fade-out, automatic color changing, sequential or random on and off, chasing, pair flashing, time delay, time period selection, steady on, turn on or off in response to a photo or motion sensor, brightness changing, rotating effects, and other market-available light functions. 15. An LED night light as claimed in any of claims 13, wherein said optics-means further includes parts selected from the group consisting of an optics lens, a convex lens, a telescoping means, a concave lens, openings, cut-outs, film, a grating, and a hologram to create said image, logo, data, or time, and a desired location. 16. An LED night light as claimed in any of claims 13, wherein the optics-means has a geometric shape selected from the group consisting of a sphere, ball, and half ball, to project the image, logo, data, or time in three dimensions. 17. An LED night light as claimed in any of claims 13, further comprising telescoping means for moving said optics-means to change a focus of said image, logo, data, or time. 18. An LED night light as claimed in any of claims 13, wherein said circuit means are selected from the group consisting of a circuit board, integrated circuit, conductive means, switch means, AC jack, solar module, AC plug and wire, AC adaptor, sensor means, motion sensor means, and timer means to provide desired light functions and effects. 