A wind turbine includes a tower, a machine nacelle and a rotor having a plurality of rotor blades and a hub. Furthermore the wind turbine includes at least one wind speed sensor device having at least one environmental monitoring apparatus for the detection of at least one environmental condition including a transducer device for converting the detected environmental conditions into an electrical signal and a converter device for converting energy provided by the environment into electrical output energy. The transducer device and the converter device are formed as an associated unit.
Claims 1. An environmental monitoring apparatus adapted for detecting at least one environmental condition, comprising a transducer device adapted for converting the detected environmental conditions into an electrical detection signal; and a converter device adapted for converting energy provided by the environment into electrical output energy, wherein the transducer device and the converter device are formed as an associated unit. 2. The environmental monitoring apparatus in accordance with claim 1, wherein the transducer device is a wind speed and wind direction sensor and wherein the converter device is an electrical generator. 3. The environmental monitoring apparatus in accordance with claim 2, wherein the wind speed and wind direction sensor is adapted to detect temporally varying wind speed in order to derive wind turbulence. 4. The environmental monitoring apparatus in accordance with claim 1, wherein the transducer device is a light intensity sensor and wherein the converter device is a solar cell. 5. The environmental monitoring apparatus in accordance with claim 1, wherein a processor unit is provided for processing the electrical detection signal. 6. A wind turbine comprising a tower, a machine nacelle and a rotor having a plurality of rotor blades and a hub, said wind turbine further comprising: at least one environmental monitoring apparatus adapted for detecting environmental conditions, having a transducer device adapted for converting the detected environmental conditions into an electrical detection signal; and a converter device adapted for converting energy provided by the environment into electrical output energy, wherein the transducer device and the converter device are formed as an associated unit. 7. The wind turbine in accordance with claim 6, wherein two transducer/converter devices are arranged at the machine nacelle with their detection axes oriented substantially orthogonal to each other. 8 The wind turbine in accordance with claim 6, wherein the transducer device is a wind speed and wind direction sensor and wherein the converter device is an electrical generator. 9. The wind turbine in accordance with claim 6, wherein the wind speed and wind direction sensor is adapted to detect temporally varying wind speed in order to derive wind turbulence. 10. The wind turbine in accordance with claim 6, wherein the transducer device is a light intensity sensor and wherein the converter device is a solar cell. 11. A wind speed sensor device for measuring a wind speed vector comprising an anemometer means and a signal processing means for analysing an anemometer output signal, said wind speed sensor device further comprising: a means adapted for converting mechanical energy provided by wind forces into electrical energy, wherein the electrical energy is provided for electrical devices as an auxiliary power supply. 12. A wind turbine comprising a tower, a machine nacelle and a rotor having a plurality of rotor blades and a hub, said wind turbine further comprising: at least one wind speed sensor device comprising an anemometer means and a signal processing means adapted for analysing an anemometer output signal, wherein the at least one wind speed sensor device comprises an auxiliary power generator adapted for supplying auxiliary power to electrical devices of the wind turbine, wherein the anemometer means is adapted for driving the auxiliary power generator. 13. The wind turbine in accordance with claim 12, wherein two transducer/converter devices are arranged at the machine nacelle with their detection axes oriented substantially orthogonal to each other. 14. The wind turbine in accordance with claim 12, wherein at least one transducer/converter device is adapted to be rotatable about a substantially vertical axis in order to direct the anemometer means towards the incoming wind direction wherein energy which is required for the rotation is supplied via a solar cell mounted at the anemometer means. 15. A method for measuring environmental conditions of a wind turbine comprising a tower, a machine nacelle and a rotor having a plurality of rotor blades and a hub, said method further comprising: detecting the environmental conditions of the wind turbine by means of a transducer device; and supplying auxiliary power to electrical devices of the wind turbine by means of a converter device, wherein the transducer device and the converter device are formed as an associated unit. 16. The method in accordance with claim 15, wherein the steps of detecting the environmental conditions of the wind turbine and of supplying auxiliary power to electrical devices of the wind turbine are carried out simultaneously. 17. The method in accordance with claim 15, wherein the steps of detecting the environmental conditions of the wind turbine and of supplying auxiliary power to electrical devices of the wind turbine are carried out independently. 18. The method in accordance with claim 15, wherein the steps of detecting the environmental conditions of the wind turbine and of supplying auxiliary power to electrical devices of the wind turbine are carried out in an interleaved manner. 19. The method in accordance with claim 15, wherein an accumulator unit is provided which is charged by the auxiliary power. 20. The method in accordance with claim 19, wherein the accumulator unit provides power used for yawing and/or pitching of the rotor blades of the wind turbine. 21. The method in accordance with claim 20, wherein the yawing is performed in different modes comprising at least one of different yaw speeds, different settings for a maximum allowed cable twist and a maximum allowed yaw misalignment. 