In one embodiment, a solar energy system includes a plurality of module rows and a plurality of reflector rows. Each module row includes a plurality of PV modules. Each PV module includes a plurality of PV cells arranged in a plurality of cell rows, the PV cells in each cell row being electrically connected in parallel to each other, and the plurality of cell rows being electrically connected in series to each other. Each reflector row includes a plurality of reflectors. The reflector rows are interposed between the module rows such that each reflector row is mechanically interconnected between two adjacent module rows and is arranged to reflect light having some incident angles on to one of the two adjacent module rows.
Claims 1. A solar energy system, comprising: a plurality of module rows, each module row including a plurality of photovoltaic modules, wherein each photovoltaic module includes: a plurality of photovoltaic cells arranged in a plurality of cell rows, the photovoltaic cells in each cell row being electrically connected in parallel to each other, and the plurality of cell rows being electrically connected in series to each other; and a plurality of reflector rows, each reflector row including a plurality of reflectors, the plurality of reflector rows being interposed between the plurality of module rows such that each reflector row is mechanically interconnected between two adjacent module rows and is arranged to reflect light having some incident angles on to one of the two adjacent module rows. 2. The solar energy system of claim 1, wherein each photovoltaic module and each reflector includes a substantially rectangular frame and wherein each frame includes a frame extension extending from each of its four corners, two of the frame extensions at a top of each photovoltaic module being mechanically connected to two of the frame extensions at a top of a corresponding reflector disposed behind each photovoltaic module. 3. The solar energy system of claim 2, wherein each frame extension: is integrally formed in the corresponding frame; or comprises an insert attached to the corresponding frame. 4. The solar energy system of claim 2, further comprising removable pins removably connecting the two frame extensions at the top of each photovoltaic module to the two frame extensions at the top of each corresponding reflector. 5. The solar energy system of claim 1, further comprising a plurality of rail assemblies arranged substantially orthogonal to the plurality of module rows and plurality of reflector rows, wherein each of the plurality of module rows and plurality of reflector rows includes a base, the bases being attached to the plurality of rail assemblies. 6. The solar energy system of claim 5, wherein each rail assembly includes a plurality of rails and a plurality of fins adjustably attached to the plurality of rails, an attachment position of each fin being adjustable along a length of a corresponding rail, the bases of the plurality of module rows and plurality of reflector rows being directly attached to the plurality of fins. 7. The solar energy system of claim 6, wherein each rail is extruded, further wherein each rail has a substantially T-shaped cross section, including a base and a top having an open channel formed therein, the channel being configured to receive a portion of one or more fins for securing the one or more fins to the rail. 8. The solar energy system of claim 6, wherein a longitudinal spacing of the fins along lengths of the rails can be varied depending on one or more factors of an installation location, including latitude, snow, climate conditions, or surface conditions of the installation location. 9. The solar energy system of claim 6, further comprising a plurality of rail-to-rail interconnects electrically and mechanically connecting each rail to a longitudinally adjacent rail within each rail assembly. 10. The solar energy system of claim 9, wherein each of the plurality of rail-to-rail interconnects is sufficiently compliant to allow for surface variations of at least 1/8 of an inch at an installation location. 11. The solar energy system of claim 1, wherein each of the reflectors comprises a non-concentrating and diffuse reflector. 12. The solar energy system of claim 11, wherein each of the non-concentrating and diffuse reflectors comprises: a superstrate layer having a first coefficient of thermal expansion; a metal backsheet having a second coefficient of thermal expansion that is greater than the first coefficient of thermal expansion; and an adhesive layer disposed between the superstrate layer and the metal backsheet; wherein the superstrate layer, metal backsheet and adhesive layer are laminated together at a first temperature and cooled to a second temperature lower than the first temperature such that the superstrate layer, metal backsheet and adhesive layer form a convex reflector after cooling to the second temperature. 13. The solar energy system of claim 11, wherein each of the non-concentrating and diffuse reflectors comprises a reflective layer having an anisotropic surface texture configured to diffusely reflect light rays incident thereon. 14. The solar energy system of claim 11, wherein each of the non-concentrating and diffuse reflectors comprises: a superstrate layer having a front surface and a back surface, a stipple pattern being formed on the back surface, the superstrate layer having a first index of refraction; a reflective layer; and an adhesive layer disposed between the superstrate layer and the reflective layer, the adhesive layer having a second index of refraction that is different than the first index of refraction. 15. The solar energy system of claim 11, wherein the stipple pattern is isotropic or anisotropic. 16. The solar energy system of claim 11, wherein each of the non-concentrating and diffuse reflectors comprises a spectrally selective reflective layer with a dependency on incident angle. 17. The solar energy system of claim 16, wherein a reflection band of the spectrally selective reflective layer is approximately 700-1350 nanometers at a substantially normal incident angle, approximately 600-1250 nanometers at a 45 degree incident angle from normal, approximately 500-1150 nanometers at a 60 degree incident angle from normal, and about 400-1000 nanometers at a 70 degree incident angle from normal. 18. The solar energy system of claim 16, wherein each of the non-concentrating and diffuse reflectors further comprises a black coloration layer disposed behind the spectrally selective reflective layer, the black coloration layer configured to absorb energy of light rays transmitted through the spectrally selective reflective layer. 19. The solar energy system of claim 16, wherein each of the non-concentrating and diffuse reflectors further comprises a white coloration layer disposed behind the spectrally selective reflective layer, the white coloration layer configured to diffusely reflect light rays transmitted through the spectrally selective reflective layer. 20. The solar energy system of claim 11, wherein a visually perceived color of each of the non-concentrating and diffuse reflectors when viewed substantially normally is a shade of blue or purple. 21. The solar energy system of claim 1, wherein each of the reflectors comprises: a backsheet having a back surface disposed opposite a back surface of a photovoltaic module in an adjacent module row; and an emissive layer laminated to the back surface of the backsheet, the emissive layer having an emissivity greater than or equal to 0.6. 22. A solar energy system, comprising: a plurality of photovoltaic modules divided into a plurality of groups, the photovoltaic modules within each of the plurality of groups being electrically connected in parallel to each other, wherein each photovoltaic modules includes: a plurality of photovoltaic cells arranged in a plurality of cell rows, the photovoltaic cells in each cell row being electrically connected in parallel to each other, and the plurality of cell rows being electrically connected in series to each other; a plurality of low-voltage inverters, each low-voltage inverter being electrically connected to a corresponding group of photovoltaic modules to receive direct current input generated by the photovoltaic modules in the corresponding group; and a plurality of selector circuits, each selector circuit being electrically connected between a corresponding group of photovoltaic modules and low-voltage inverter, the selector circuits being further connected to each other such that the direct current input of each low-voltage inverter is re-routable to one or more of the other low-voltage inverters in the event of a failure of an inverter. 23. The solar energy system of claim 22, wherein each of the photovoltaic modules is configured to control maximum peak power and output voltage independently of the other photovoltaic modules. 24. The solar energy system of claim 22, wherein upon a collective production capacity of the photovoltaic modules exceeding a collective capacity of the low-voltage inverters, each of the photovoltaic modules is configured to transition to a constant voltage mode. 25. The solar energy system of claim 22, wherein the low-voltage inverters have different operating setpoints such that less than all of the low-voltage inverters are configured to operate during periods when collective power output of the photovoltaic modules is beneath one or more predetermined thresholds. 26. A reflector, comprising: a superstrate layer; a spectrally selective reflective layer disposed behind the superstrate layer, a reflection band of the spectrally selective reflective layer depending on an angle of incidence of incoming light rays; and a backsheet, wherein the spectrally selective reflective layer is environmentally sealed between the superstrate layer and the backsheet. 27. The reflector of claim 26, further comprising a coloration layer disposed between the spectrally selective reflective layer and the backsheet, the coloration layer at least partially determining a visually perceptible color of the reflector, wherein the coloration layer is black or white. 28. The reflector of claim 26, wherein the backsheet has an anisotropically textured surface configured to diffusely reflect light rays transmitted through the spectrally selective reflective layer. 29. The reflector of claim 26, further comprising: a first adhesive layer disposed between the superstrate layer and the spectrally selective reflective layer; and a second adhesive layer disposed between the spectrally selective reflective layer and the backsheet; wherein the superstrate layer, first adhesive layer, spectrally selective reflective layer, second adhesive layer, and backsheet have a variety of coefficients of thermal expansion and are laminated together at a first temperature and cooled to a second temperature lower than the first temperature such that the superstrate layer, first adhesive layer, spectrally selective reflective layer, second adhesive layer, and backsheet form a crowned reflector after being cooled to the second temperature. 