The invention provides a greeting card having provided therein an imaging device, the imaging device being configured to capture an image, the capture of an image being controlled by operation of an activation means and a detection means. The activation means being operable on the detection means and is switchable by a user between a non-activated mode, and an activated mode. On adoption of the activated mode, a subsequent detection of the occurrence of a preset event by the detection means effects a corresponding issuance of a trigger signal, the trigger signal causing the capture of the image by the imaging device.
Claims 1. A greeting card having provided therein an imaging device, the imaging device being configured to capture an image, the capture of an image being controlled by operation of an activation means and a detection means, wherein the activation means is operable on the detection means and is switchable by a user between a non-activated mode, and an activated mode wherein on adoption of the activated mode, a subsequent detection of the occurrence of a preset event by the detection means effects a corresponding issuance of a trigger signal, the trigger signal causing the capture of the image by the imaging device. 2. A card as claimed in claim 1, wherein the imaging device is mountable concealed in said card. 3. A card as claimed in claim 1, wherein the detection means is configured to detect the card being opened. 4. A card as claimed in claim 1, wherein the detection means is configured to detect the card being removed from the envelope. 5. A card as claimed in claim 1, wherein the detection means comprises a mechanical detector. 6. A card as claimed in claim 1, wherein the detection means comprises a photosensitive detector. 7. A card as claimed in claim 1, wherein the activation means further comprises a timer. 8. A card as claimed in claim 7 wherein the timer comprises means for setting a time delay to delay the capturing of an image for a preset time after issuance or receipt of the trigger signal. 9. A card as claimed in claim 1, wherein the imaging device comprises a lens. 10. A card as claimed in claim 9 wherein the lens comprises a wide angle lens. 11. A card as claimed in claim 1, wherein the imaging device comprises a data storage means. 12. A card as claimed in claim 1, wherein the imaging device comprises a data communication means. 13. A card as claimed in claim 1, wherein the imaging device comprises a wireless data communication means. 14. A card as claimed in claim 1, wherein the card comprises a USB port. 15. A card as claimed in claim 11, wherein the data storage means is configured to store the captured image, the captured image being transferable to the data communication means to enable a subsequent communication of the captured image. 16. A card as claimed in claim 1, wherein the card comprises at least a first leaf and a second leaf of card, and the camera device is mounted therebetween. 17. A card as claimed in claim 16 wherein the first Or second leaf comprises a window for receiving the camera lens. 18. A card as claimed in claim 1 further comprising a flash. 19. A card as claimed in claim 18 further comprising a light meter, wherein the light meter is configured to output data on ambient light levels to the flash. 20. A card as claimed in claim 1, wherein the imaging device comprises a solar call power supply. 21. A card as claimed in claim 1, wherein the imaging device comprises a battery power supply. 22. A card as claimed in claim 21 wherein the battery is a rechargeable battery. 23. A card device as claimed in claim 22 comprising a solar cell to recharge the battery. 24. A greeting card, the greeting card having an integrally formed camera therein, the camera being activated by an activator on sensing of a predetermined signal, wherein the activator is normally provided in an of condition where it will not activate the camera and is movable to an on position by a sender of the card, the movement to the on position ensuring that on subsequent sensing of the predetermined signal the camera will capture an image, and wherein a sending of an activated card by the sender to a recipient and the subsequent opening of the card by the recipient provides an activation of the activator and capture of an image by the camera, the captured image being that of the recipient of the card. 25. The card of claim 24 wherein the camera includes a storage device configured to store the captured image, the captured image being transferable to a transmission device to enable a subsequent transmission of the captured image to the sender of the card. 26. An imaging device suitable for mounting concealed in an imaging device support the imaging device being configured to capture an image, the capture of an image being controlled by operation of an activation means and a detection means, wherein the activation means is operable on the detection means and is switchable by a user between a non-activated mode, and an activated mode wherein on adoption of the activated mode, a subsequent detection of the occurrence of a preset event by the detection means effects a corresponding issuance of a trigger signal, the trigger signal causing the capture of the image by the imaging device. 27. An imaging device as claimed in claim 26 wherein the imaging device support is comprised of card. 28. A method of use of a greeting card as claimed in claim 1, the greeting card being initially set in the non-activated mode, including steps as follows: a. a sender preparing the card for sending, for example by writing a message b. the sender activating the imaging device to the activated mode c. the sender placing the card in an envelope and dispatching the card to the receiver d. a receiver opening the card e. the event of opening the card causing a trigger signal to be issued f. the camera automatically capturing an image. 