The invention relates to a method for monitoring a maintenance unit moving inside a pipeline, a state data signal generated by a first receiving and transmission unit due to a maintenance unit passing by being transmitted to at least one further receiving and transmission unit that is disposed at a distance along or in a pipeline, characterized in that the state data signal is provided with exact localization information by the first receiving and transmission unit, is routed via at least one further receiving and transmission unit in the direction of an interface device, and is supplied there to a SCADA system for analyzing the information that can be retrieved from the state data signal in quasi-real-time.
Claims 1.-16. (canceled) 17. A method for monitoring a maintenance device moving in a pipeline, the method comprising the steps of: generating a status data signal by a first sending and receiving unit when a maintenance device moves past the first sending and receiving unit; combining the status data signal of the first sending and receiving unit with an exact localisation tag to a combined status data signal; relaying the combined status data signal tag via at least one second sending and receiving unit, arranged on or along the pipeline at a distance from the first sending and receiving unit, toward an interface unit; and feeding the combined status data signal into a SCADA system in quasi-real-time for evaluation of the information obtainable from the combined status data signal. 18. The method according to claim 17, wherein in the step of relaying the combined status data signal is picked up by the at least one second sending and receiving unit and sent on unchanged toward the interface unit. 19. The method according to claim 17, wherein the exact localization tag is a location and/or time signal of a global positioning system. 20. The method according to claim 17, comprising the step of generating the exact localisation tag only upon or directly after generation of the status data signal. 21. The method according to claim 17, comprising the step of providing the status data signal by the first sending and receiving unit with information as to the origin of the status data signal. 22. The method according to claim 17, comprising the step of providing the status data signal with a direction specifier for relaying the status data signal in a desired direction along the pipeline. 23. The method according to claim 17, comprising the step of sending the combined status data signal at least twice with a time delay by the first sending and receiving unit. 24. The method according to claim 17, comprising the step of picking up the combined status data signal in a noncontact fashion. 25. The method according to claim 17, comprising the step of calculating, by using status data of the combined status data signals generated by several of the first sending and receiving units, arrival times of the maintenance device, speeds, and/or reference data for the synchronisation of the data recorded in the maintenance device. 26. The method according to claim 25, wherein the step of calculating is carried out after an inspection of the pipeline. 27. A device, especially for carrying out a method according to claim 17, comprising: a SCADA system; an interface unit connected to the SCADA system; a first sending and receiving unit configured to generate and transmit a combined status data signal provided with an exact localisation tag; at least one second sending and receiving unit relaying the combined status data signal received from the first sending and receiving unit toward the interface unit for feeding the combined status data signal into the SCADA system. 28. . The device according to claim 27, wherein the first and second sending and receiving units each have an energy accumulator. 29. The device according to claim 28, wherein the energy accumulator is rechargeable. 30. The device according to claim 27, wherein the first and second sending and receiving units each have a solar panel as an energy supply. 31. The device according to claim 27, wherein the first and second sending and receiving units each have an independent energy supply. 32. The device according to claim 27, wherein the first and second sending and receiving units each have a recording device for signals of a global positioning system. 33. The device according to claim 27, comprising a service interface. 34. The device according to claim 27, wherein the first and second sending and receiving units each have means for directional relaying of the combined status data signal. 