It includes at least one module with a concave reflecting mirror surface which concentrates the light radiation towards certain devices in order to then obtain electrical or other type of energy. It also includes means for orienting that mirror surface according to the position of the sun. It is characterised in principle in that each module comprises a thin lightweight laminar body with an arched structure which incorporates the concave mirror surface, this laminar body being associated with certain stiffening supports which stabilise and stiffen that arched structure in order to maintain this shape, said structure being supported on some ground with the interposition of guide means by which the arched structure at least tilts towards one side or the other depending on the light sensor or timer which activates a device that positions each module in real time with the required orientation according to the position of the sun.
Claims 1-73. (canceled) 74. Solar energy concentrator system, characterized by comprising: solar radiation receptor devices; at least one module (1) comprising a thin lightweight laminar body with an arched structure (2) which further comprises a curved-concave reflective mirror surface that concentrates the solar radiation towards said solar radiation receptor devices in order to then obtain different types of energy; means of module (1) orientation in real-time according to the position of the sun, where said means of orientation comprise two lateral tanks (12) which in function of the relative variation between the material weights contained in said tanks (12) alters the orientation of the respective module (1), passing material from one tank (12) to another in order to equilibrate and reach each module (1) position; means of stiffening (3) which stiffen the arched structure (2) for maintaining module (1) shape by means of stiffening supports; guiding means by which the arched structure (2) at least tilts towards one side or the other depending on a light sensor or timer which activates the means of orientation that position each module in real time with the required orientation according to the position of the sun; means of fastening; means of stabilizing; automatic means of cleaning; means of recovering energy arranged in the solar energy receiver devices; and means of water treatment. 75. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 74, characterised in that the means of real-time orientation of each module (1) comprises two side tanks (12) which hang in a tilt manner from the highest part of the laterals of each module, and depending on the relative variation among the weights of the material contained in said tanks (12), vary the orientation of the respective module (1), passing the material from one tank to the other tank (12) by means of an option selected from mechanically, electrically and a combination of both, in order to balance and achieve each position of the module (1) depending on a light sensor or timer, transferring material from one tank to another tank (12) and vice versa, in accordance with the position of the sun. 76. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 75, characterised in that the material contained in the tanks (12) is a liquid fluid that is transferred by means of a closed circuit from one tank to the other (12) via lower zones aided by a pump connected with the light sensor or timer. 77. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 76, characterised in that the tanks (12) are hollow closed bodies with an essentially tubular structure provided with small upper perforations. 78. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 74, characterised in that the means of real-time orientation of each module or array of modules (1) comprise at least a linear motor element, selected between a hydraulic and a pneumatic cylinder (93) which acts on each module or array of modules (1) in order to cause them to tilt towards one side of the other, the rod of the respective cylinder (93) being connected in correspondence with the upper edges of the respective module or array of modules (1). 79. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 74, characterised in that the means of real-time orientation of each module or array of modules (1) comprises at least a rotary motor element (94), whose outlet rotation shaft connects with a pulley (95) to which a belt (97) is coupled or similar coupled in another loose rotary element (96), belt (97) whose ends connect with the upper edges of each module or array of modules (1). 80. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 74, characterised in that the guiding means are located in the lower part of each module (1) comprising guides (4) which are complemented with other transverse ground (28) guides (5) in order to ensure an ordered tilting of the modules during their tilting movement, searching for the most suitable orientation according to the position of the sun. 81. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 80, characterised in that the ground guides (5) comprise ribs acting as rails while the guides (4) for the module comprise a structure selected between staggered and grooved. 82. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 80, characterised in that the ground guides (5) comprise channels while the guides (4) for the respective module comprise ribs. 83. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 80, characterised in that the ground guides (28) comprise transverse tensed cables (5'') connected via their ends to supports (10) fixed to the ground, cables on which respective guide profiles for the modules (1) following the curvature of the stiffening supports (3) rest. 84. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 83, characterised in that the guides for the modules via the tensed cables (5'') and the guide profiles for the modules comprise ringed runners (90) clasping the cables (5'') and also widened portions (91) of the guide profiles for the modules (1), dragging the movement of the modules to the ringed runners (90) all along the tensed cables (5'') by tensioning elements (92) connected to said tensed cables (5'') and to the end supports (10). 85. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 80, characterised in that the ground guides comprise toothed racks (5') which are complemented with teeth of the guides (4) of the modules. 86. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 74, characterised in that the stiffening supports (3) comprise an enveloping structure clasping each module (1), at least via its ends, and at the same time having a transverse section (19) which runs along the distance existing between the two longitudinal free edges of the curved laminar bodies (2). 87. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 74, characterised in that when there exist at least two alignments of modules (1) in parallel, provision has been made for the tanks (12) on one side of the modules (1) to be interconnected by means of a general duct (20) arranged in the forward face, while the tanks (12) on the other even side are interconnected by means of another general duct (20') arranged in the rear face; all this in order to achieve a perfect synchronisation in at least the tilting movement to one side and the other of the modules in order to orientate them according to the position of the sun. 88. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 74, characterised in that the means of securing and stabilizing of the modules (1) which permit at least the tilting movement thereof, comprising pulleys (98) secured to the ground (28) in which a stay (99) is coupled, the two arms of which are connected via their ends in the opposite sides of the stiffening supports (3). 89. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 83, characterised in that the curved module (1) are guided and rest on the upper arm of closed loop cables (5''), the two arms of which, upper and lower, are attached by means of stiff pieces (11) which maintain the horizontal direction of said upper arms. 90. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 74, characterised in that when there exists at least two alignments of modules (1) in parallel, with their tanks (12) interconnected by means of a pair of general pipes, forward (20) and rear (20'), each one of them is linked to the ends of rocker arms (21) centrally linking to vertical posts (22), the free ends of said rocker arms (21) being associated by means of a tensor cable (23). 91. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 74, characterised in that the means of guiding for the modules (1) comprising a securing trolley (6) with lower wheels (8) and upper wheels (7), the latter being in contact with the stiffening supports (3), while the lower wheels (8) are in contact with the support or frame of the corresponding guide. 92. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 74, characterised in that the modules (1) are coupled to the guiding supports by means of pairs of pinions (24 and 25) coupled in fixed points: pinions (24) which make contact with an upper band of the curved supports (3) of the modules (1) and other pinions (25) which make contact with a lower band of said same curved supports (3). 93. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 74, characterised in that the module (1) comprises lateral reinforcements against deformations (34) joined by means of a stay and a third centred reinforcement (35) fixed to an elongated support (20). 94. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 74, characterised in that the automatic cleaning means comprise a self-propelled vehicle (37) provided with a pair of lateral brushes (38) and cleaning pipes (39), the vehicle (37) longitudinally travelling along the modules (1) via their lowermost part, the vehicle further comprising a cleaning fluids tank (40), a control circuit (41) and sensors (42), along with a recharging plug (45). 95. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 74, characterised in that the means of energy recovery in each module comprise at least: collimator devices (100, 101) which collect the projection of the light radiation reflected by the reflecting mirror surface of the curved laminar body (2); diffractor devices (102) that receive the light radiation concentrated in the collimator devices (100, 101); cells (103) optimised to different light spectra which receive the light radiation according to the frequency of colours emitted by the diffractor devices (102). 96. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 95, characterised in that the collimators (17) are inserted in passing windows of the arched laminar mirror body (2), interrupting the continuity of said laminar body (2), while the diffractors (102) and the cells (103) optimised to different light spectra are located behind said laminar body (2). 97. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 96, characterised in that each collimator (100), diffractor (102) and cell (103) optimised to a different light spectra comprises an independent group which is fixed to the laminar body (2) by means of the collimator (100) in correspondence with the respective passing window by means of flanges or similar. 98. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 97, characterised in that the collimators are upper fixed in the elongated support (104) which reaches the ends of each module (1). 99. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 98, characterised in that the collimators present an structure selected between flat (100) and arched (101), the curved-concave mirror face of which projects the light radiation to the diffractors (102) and these to the cells (103) optimised to different light spectra. 100. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 99, characterised in that the light reflecting face of the diffractors (102) comprises a smooth mirror surface with small crevices which project the reflection of the light in the entire range of colours towards the cells (103) optimised to different light spectra. 101. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 74, characterised in that the means of energy recovery comprise at least one photoelectric cell (52) receiver of the light radiation situated centrally above the respective module (1). 102. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 101, characterised in that the system comprises mirrors (105, 106 and 107) above and below the photoelectric cells (52), means of exploitation and feedback of the solar rays. 103. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 102, characterised in that the upper mirror (106) is located in a vertical plane, and with one of its faces comprising a multitude of tiny mirrors (108). 104. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 74, characterised in that the means of energy recovery comprise at least an element selected from a pipe and a coil, through which water or another fluid flows in order to heat it with the heat generated by the light radiation emitted by the curved laminar body (2). 105. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 74, characterised in that in a centred and raised strategic zone of the modules (1) two sets of pipes (48) are longitudinally provided in two planes perpendicular to the projection of the radiation emitted by the curved laminar mirror bodies (2), and at the same time from the confluence of those two planes of pipes (48) converging underneath, a straight profile (49) projects downwards in order to absorb the lower residual radiation, further comprising an upper reflecting pitched roof (47) for maintaining the heat and optimising the incoming radiation. 106. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 74, characterised in that in a centred and raised strategic zone of the modules (1) a single longitudinal pipe (50) is provided with two inclined faces converging downwards which perpendicularly receive the projection of the solar radiation via the laminar mirror bodies (2), said inclined faces comprising diffracting laminas or filters (51) which reflect the light towards a photovoltaic cell (52), while the other component of the radiation, being heat, is transmitted to the fluid which circulates in pipe (50), further comprising a reflecting pitched roof (47) in order to maintain the heat and optimise the incoming radiation. 107. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 74, characterised in that in a centred and raised strategic zone of the modules (1) a longitudinal pipe (50) is provided with two inclined faces converging downwards and in the proximity of which transparent photovoltaic cells (53) are provided in planes parallel to said inclined faces, said transparent photovoltaic cells (53) directly collecting the light radiation and, on the other hand, allowing the heat radiation to pass up to the fluid of the longitudinal pipe (50) in order to heat it, further comprising a reflecting pitched roof (47) for maintaining the heat and optimising the incoming radiation. 108. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 74, characterised in that in a centred and raised strategic zone of the modules (1) a single longitudinal pipe (50) is provided with two inclined faces converging downwards which perpendicularly receive the projection of the solar radiation via two laminar mirror bodies (2), said inclined faces comprising diffracting laminas or filters (51) which reflect the light towards a photolysis cell (54), further comprising a reflecting pitched roof (47) for maintaining the heat and optimising the incoming radiation. 109. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 74, characterised in that in a centred and raised strategic zone of the modules (1), the means of water treatment comprise two longitudinal collectors, upper (55) and lower (56), for treating salt water or contaminated water, obtaining residual water or purified water by evaporation, the water to be treated being made to circulate at least through the lower collector (56) which will receive solar radiation via the laminar mirror bodies (2) of the modules (1), raising the temperature of the water until evaporation of the water is achieved which will pass in the gaseous state as far as the upper collector (55) via narrow radial ducts (61) linking both collectors (55) and (56), the water vapour being then condensed into the liquid state inside the upper collector (55), and the precipitated salt and other residues being extracted by means of an extraction and cleaning mechanism (64) located in the lower collector (56). 110. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 109, characterised in that the lower collector (56) comprises a narrow annular space (62) defined between the outer wall of the lower collector (56) and a tubular body (63) arranged concentrically and open at the bottom, rapidly heating the part of the fluid that circulates though that narrow annular space (62), further achieving a faster evaporation and, at the same time, from said narrow annular space (62) start said narrow radial ducts (61). 111. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 109, characterised in that the annular space (62) of the lower collector (56) is divided into various compartments separated by small partitions (62'), thereby achieving evaporation of the fluid at different pressures, with the vapour rising through respective radial ducts (61, 61'). 112. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 110, characterised in that the upper collector (55) comprises at least one concentric annular chamber (58), through which circulates the water to be treated before it reaches the lower collector (56), the passage of this untreated water by the said annular chamber (58) helping to produce the condensation of the water vapour more rapidly, said chamber (58) being defined by the outer wall of the collector and an inner concentric tubular body which limits a central space where the narrow ducts (61) in which the steam circulates flow. 113. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 109, characterised in that the upper collector (55) comprises several concentric annular chambers (69): one of greater condensation (69) externally defined by the wall of the collector, and an inner (58'), via which circulates the untreated water prior to passing to the lower collector (56), said inner annular chamber (58') defining a centred space where the narrow ducts (61) also flow, for the condensation of the water at a different pressure from the lower chamber (58'). 114. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 109, characterised in that the lower collector (56) comprises a piston (67) in such a way that when said lower collector (56) is emptied of the fluid contained during the evaporation process a vacuum is produced inside the lower collector (56) which will displace the piston (67) previously retained during the evaporation process, with its fastening being released when the collector (56) is emptied, said piston (67) being associated with an electrical generator (68) or other energy generating receiver for producing the same, and at the same time the ducts (61) comprise a conical narrowing (114) which is complemented with a small spherical body (113) which blocks each duct (61) of the lower collector (56) when vacuum is produced in said collector (56). 115. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 109, characterised in that the water to be treated passes from the upper collector (55) to the lower one (56) via a curved duct (59) where a passage and cut-off valve (60) is inserted which closes when the lower collector (56) is full with fluid. 116. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 74, characterised in that the modules (1) comprise a Fresnel lens (81) arranged on top. 117. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 106, characterised in that the receiver devices of the solar radiation are photovoltaic cells (52) connected in series and associated with small electronic circuits (82) in order to obtain an alternating current with a high voltage in the array of cells, each electronic circuit (52) comprising among its elements a protection block for maximum and planned voltage or unexpected voltage cuts. 118. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 117, characterised in that the electronic circuits (82) are connected together in order to receive a common master signal of alternating current to those circuits (82) selected between single phase or multiphase; and additionally selected between sinusoidal and by pulses, the output signal of said circuits (82) being a signal of alternating current and frequency selected from 50 Hz and 60 Hz with a voltage between the voltage of the master signal and the high voltage. 119. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 74, characterised in that the reflecting laminar bodies (2) are integral with a structure in the form of a beehive, via which they are attached to the curved supports (3). 120. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 74, characterised in that the means of stability arranged on the laminar mirror bodies (2) comprise at least in their highest lateral zones of the modules (1) air passages which are open, at least when the wind is blowing harder than a predetermined speed. 121. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 120, characterised in that the air passages of the laminar bodies (2) comprise passing holes (31). 122. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 120, characterised in that the air passages comprise openings (29) made as a consequence of cuts which demarcate folding flaps (29') which are joined to magnetic elements (32) when there does not exist any wind, releasing the air passages (29) when the wind is blowing harder than a predetermined speed. 123. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 120, characterised in that the air passages (30) present a radial structure associated with pieces (33) with their front face covered by a mirror material. 124. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 74, characterised in that the guiding means for the modules permit the arched structure to tilt and be moved by rolling towards one side or the other depending on the light sensor or timer which activates the device that positions each module in real time with the required orientation and according to the position of the sun. 125. Solar energy concentrator system, according to claim 89, characterised in that the guiding cables (5'') are utilised as conducting elements for electricity when the modules (1) include photoelectric cells, in such a way that said cells are connected to the arched stiffening supports (3) and these, being in contact with the cables (5''), transmit electric current. 126. Mounting process of a solar energy concentrator system, which, being the process intended for mounting on the ground an array of solar modules associated with each other and that automatically move, at all times, searching for the sun orientation, is characterised in that it comprises: a first stage in which on the ground (28) two rollable tapes (70) are laid out perpendicularly in the manner of two coordinate axes by means of a first robot vehicle (78'), the tapes being provided with laser devices (71) at regular distance intervals which project a grid of laser beams (72) in a single horizontal plane; a second stage in which means for guiding, supporting and installation of the solar modules (1) are provided, in accordance with the grid formed by the laser beams (72), also by means of said first robot vehicle (78'), selected between: inverted "U" shape means (27) comprising some inflatable elements (76), and closed loop cables (5'') coupled to guides (4) by means of ringed runners (90), said closed loop cables (5'') being coupled to end supports (10) fixed to the floor (28), with several modules (1) being coupled on the upper arms of adjacent closed loop cables (5''); a third stage in which a support structure (3) for the different modules (1) is mounted; a fourth stage wherein at least one lateral vehicle (79) with laminar mirror bodies (2) pulls a centred robot (78) transporting the components of the solar modules, with exception of the laminar mirror bodies (2); a fifth stage in which energy receivers are mounted; a sixth stage in which the reflecting laminar bodies (2) are mounted by automatically screwing them on the support structure (3) of the solar modules (1); a seventh stage in which the balancing pipes (12) are positioned; an eighth stage in which the water and energy circuits are closed; a ninth stage in which parallel guides are provided on the ground (28) which are complemented with other guides of the curved laminar body formed by a vehicle (109) starting from a plane laminar body, whose curved-concave face presents a mirror surface; a tenth stage in which when there exists at least two modules in parallel, the tanks on one side of the modules are interconnected via a general duct (20) provided in the forward face, while the tanks (12) on the other paired side are interconnected via another general duct (20') provided in the rear face; and, an eleventh stage in which the curved bodies (2) together with the rest of their elements linked to them are secured by means of pulleys (98) and stays (99), the ends of which are secured to the two opposing sides of the curved laminar bodies (2). 