The memorial cross (105) provides night-time illumination of a translucent cruciform housing. Photovoltaic solar panels (120) on the housing's upwardly facing surfaces charge internal electrical batteries (205) during daylight hours. At dusk, a control switch directs current from the charged batteries (105) to light emitting diodes (LEDs) (210) that are disposed in the vertical (115) and horizontal (110) sections of the housing so that the LEDs (210) emit light through the translucent cruciform housing. Decorative images (including flags, illustrations, indicia, etc.) may be displayed on the face of the cruciform housing.
Claims 1. A memorial cross, comprising: a hollow translucent vertical section joined with a hollow translucent horizontal section to form a cruciform shaped housing; photovoltaic solar panels mounted on top surfaces of the horizontal and the vertical sections; batteries mounted within at least one of the horizontal or vertical sections; a plurality of light sources mounted within at least one of the horizontal or vertical sections; a control switch disposed within the cruciform housing, the control switch being electrically operationally coupled to the batteries, the light sources, and the photovoltaic solar panels; a one piece cover panel having fasteners disposed on edges of a cruciform shape that matches the hollow vertical and horizontal sections of the cruciform housing, the one piece cover being removably attached to the cruciform housing via the fasteners; mounting bosses being disposed on the one piece cover so that the memorial cross can be mounted for display by mating the mounting bosses with corresponding mounting points on a mounting device; and, wherein at dawn, the control switch switches the batteries from operating the lighting sources to a charging mode to charge the batteries via a connection with the photovoltaic solar panels, and at dusk, the control switch switches the batteries away from the photovoltaic solar panels and back to power the lighting sources, whereby the memorial cross becomes illuminated. 2. The memorial cross of claim 1 wherein the horizontal and vertical sections are formed of one piece of translucent material. 3. The memorial cross of claim 2 wherein the translucent material comprises a polymer. 4. The memorial cross of claim 1 wherein the horizontal section is formed of one piece of translucent polymer and the vertical section is formed of one piece of translucent polymer, the vertical section having slots through which the horizontal section engages the vertical section so that the horizontal section locks into the vertical section. 5. The memorial cross of claim 1 wherein the light sources and the batteries are disposed in both the horizontal section and the vertical section. 6. The memorial cross of claim 1 wherein the light sources, batteries and control switch are disposed in only one of the horizontal section or the vertical section. 7. The memorial cross of claim 1 wherein the mounting bosses are cylindrical and extend normal to the one piece cover. 8. The memorial cross of claim 1 wherein the photovoltaic solar panel on the horizontal section extends parallel to the photovoltaic solar panel on the vertical section. 9. The memorial cross of claim 8 wherein the photovoltaic solar panel on the horizontal section extends in a different plane than the photovoltaic solar panel on the vertical section. 10. The memorial cross of claim 1 wherein the photovoltaic solar panels comprise: a single square photovoltaic solar panel on the vertical section; and two rectangular photovoltaic solar panels on the horizontal section. 11. The memorial cross of claim 1 wherein the batteries comprise at least three batteries. 12. The memorial cross of claim 11 wherein the batteries comprise two batteries mounted longitudinally in the vertical section and one battery mounted laterally in a central region formed by an intersection of the vertical section and the horizontal section. 13. The memorial cross of claim 1 wherein the light sources are comprised of light emitting diodes (LEDs). 14. The memorial cross of claim 13 wherein the light source is comprised of four LEDs, a first LED is positioned adjacent a first end of the vertical section, a second LED is positioned adjacent a second end of the vertical section, a third LED is positioned adjacent a first end of the horizontal section, and a fourth LED is positioned adjacent a second end of the horizontal section. 15. The memorial cross of claim 1 wherein a decorative design is displayed on a face of the housing. 16. The memorial cross of claim 15 wherein the decorative design is a flag. 17. A system for providing an illuminated memorial cross apparatus, the system comprising: a housing means comprising: a translucent polymeric cruciform housing having a single vertical section, and first and second horizontal sections extending perpendicularly from the vertical section, wherein: the vertical section comprises a single upwardly oriented square photovoltaic solar panel; and the first and second horizontal sections each comprise a single upwardly oriented rectangular photovoltaic solar panel; wherein the square photovoltaic solar panel is oriented between the rectangular photovoltaic solar panels so that square photovoltaic solar panel and the rectangular photovoltaic solar panels comprise the entire upwardly facing surface of the housing, the square photovoltaic solar panel being disposed parallel to, but in a separate horizontal plane from, the rectangular solar photovoltaic panels; an illuminating means comprising: at least three batteries, two batteries being longitudinally mounted in the vertical section and one battery being mounted in a central region formed by an intersection of the vertical section and the first and second horizontal sections, the batteries being in electrical communication with the square and rectangular photovoltaic solar panels; at least four light emitting diodes (LEDs), a first LED positioned adjacent a first end of the vertical section, and a second LED positioned adjacent a second end of the vertical section, a third LED positioned adjacent a first end of the first horizontal section, and a fourth LED positioned adjacent a first end of the second horizontal section, the LEDs being in electrical communication with the batteries; and a control switch, the control switch being operationally coupled to the square and the rectangular photovoltaic panels, the batteries, and the LEDs, so that during daylight hours the control switch directs current generated by the square and rectangular photovoltaic panels to the batteries, and at dusk the control switch directs current from the batteries to the LEDs; wherein the illuminating means is positioned within the housing means so that light is projected through the housing means thereby providing an illuminated memorial cross apparatus. 18. A method of making an illuminated cross, the steps comprising: providing a vertical translucent housing; fitting a translucent horizontal housing into the translucent vertical housing so that the horizontal housing in combination with the vertical housing forms a translucent cross; attaching photovoltaic solar panels to upwardly facing surfaces of the cross; installing electrical batteries in the cross and connecting the batteries to the photovoltaic solar panels; installing light sources in the cross and connecting the light sources to the batteries; and, installing a control switch in the cross and connecting the control switch to the batteries and the photovoltaic solar panels so that during daylight hours the control switch directs electrical current from the photovoltaic solar panels to the batteries, and at night the control switch directs electrical current from the batteries to the light sources so that the light sources project light through the horizontal and vertical housings and thereby illuminate the cross. 