A self-contained valve actuator of the present invention can comprise an actuator component. This actuator can be linear or quarter turn depending on the valve. The actuator can be double acting which means the piston will move once to open and once to close. The self-contained valve system uses hydraulic fluid to operate the valve. The valve system is directly powered with electric power from a battery. Solar panels are also incorporated to capture solar energy and convert this energy into electrical energy. This converted electrical energy is stored in the battery which enables the battery to continuously supply energy while substantially reducing the possibility of exhausting battery power. This resupply of electrical energy and the use of the hydraulic fluid creates a self-contained valve actuation system.
Claims 1. An automatic valve control system having a self-contained valve actuator and a self-contained power generating source comprising: a valve positioned in a flowline for altering the volume of the flowline in order to affect the flow of content in the flowline; an actuator means connected to said valve, said actuator means being a valve positioned in the flowline in order to affect the flow of the content of the flowline; one or more sensors positioned in the flowline to measure various parameters of the flowline and flowline content; a hydraulic fluid for supplying power to said actuator means to enable said actuator means to change positions of the valve in the flowline; a hydraulic pump for supplying pressure to said hydraulic fluid thereby generating power to said actuator means; an information processing module in communication with said one or more sensors and with said hydraulic pump, said information processor module containing software programs capable of processing information received at the processing module from said one or more sensors and capable of transmitting control commands to said hydraulic pump; a power source for supplying electrical power to said processing module; and a power generating module connected to said power source for replenishing electrical power in said power source. 2. The self-actuating valve control system as described in claim 1 wherein said power source is a rechargeable battery source. 3. The self-actuating valve control system as described in claim 2 wherein said power generating module further comprises one or more solar panels. 4. The self-actuating valve control system as described in claim 3 further comprising a power conversion module for converting solar power into electrical power. 5. The self-actuating valve control system as described in claim 4 further comprising a power level monitor to determine when power in the power supply has reached predefined power threshold levels. 6. The self-actuating valve control system as described in claim 1 further comprising a hydraulic accumulator for containing the hydraulic fluid and supplying the hydraulic fluid the actuator means through the hydraulic pump. 7. The self-actuating valve control system as described in claim 6 further comprising a hydraulic tank connected to said hydraulic accumulator for storing hydraulic fluid from said hydraulic accumulator and supplying hydraulic fluid to said hydraulic accumulator. 8. The self-actuating valve control system as described in claim 1 wherein said hydraulic pump is power through an electronic motor. 9. The self-actuating valve control system as described in claim 1 further comprising a valve position indicator, said valve position indicator being positioned along said actuator means, said valve position indicating means capable of visually displaying a current position of the position of the valve in the flowline. 10. The self-actuating valve control system as described in claim 7 wherein said hydraulic tank further comprising a diaphragm in said hydraulic tank to isolate the hydraulic fluid from air contaminants. 11. The self-actuating valve control system as described in claim 1 further comprising valve control instrumentation for detecting and transmitting valve actuator control information and for receiving valve control information from another location, said valve control instrumentation being positioned on the self-actuating valve control system and being enclosed such that said valve control instrumentation is protected from environmental elements and such that said valve control instrumentation is secured from vandalism or theft. 12. The self-actuating valve control system as described in claim 1 wherein said self-activating valve control system components including said actuator means, hydraulic pump, processing module, power source, power generating module, power conversion module, power level indicator, hydraulic accumulator and hydraulic tank are configured and positioned in relationship to each other on said self-actuating valve control system such that the gravitational center for said self-actuating valve control system is maintained in the center of the configuration of the system components such that the physical stability of the self-actuating valve control system is maintained regardless of environmental conditions. 13. A method for automatically controlling a valve using a self-contained actuator comprising the steps of: determining flowline parameters for contents being transported through the flowline; monitoring activity of contents in the flowline based on the determined flowline parameters; detecting an event in the flow of the flowline contents; interpreting the detected event to identify a condition based on the determined flowline parameters; determining an appropriate response to the identified flowline condition; implementing the determined response; notifying an operator of the detected event and the implemented response; and returning to an activity monitoring state. 14. The method as described in claim 13 wherein said appropriate response determining step further comprises: identifying a flowline condition based on determined flowline parameters; comparing the identified flowline condition to a predetermined set of responses; and identifying a predetermined response that corresponds to the identified flowline condition. 15. The method as described in claim 13 wherein said determined response is an adjustment of pressure in the flowline. 16. The method as described in claim 15 wherein said pressure adjustment comprises the steps of adjusting hydraulic pressure in the self-actuator by altering hydraulic fluid pressure of hydraulic fluid in the self-contained actuator. 