The invention relates to a solar power plant comprising a solar module system with a plurality of solar modules arranged in a plane for converting solar radiation into electrical energy, and comprising an adjusting device for the sun-position-dependent tracking of the solar module system, wherein the solar module system is mounted such that it can be pivoted at least about one pivot axis, wherein the solar modules are mounted with their edges at least in part in a J-shaped holding profile.
Claims 1. A solar plant (1), including a solar module system (1) which includes a plurality of solar modules (2) arranged in a plane for transforming solar radiation into electrical energy, and with an adjusting device for allowing the solar module system (1) to follow the position of the sun, wherein the solar module system (1) is mounted for pivoting about at least one pivot axis, and wherein the solar modules (2) are mounted at least partially along an edge in a J-shaped mounting bracket (4, 4'). 2. A solar plant according to claim 1, wherein the J-shaped mounting bracket (4) includes a channel-shaped stabilizing section (6) and a groove section (8) for receiving the edge (7) of the solar module (2). 3. A solar plant according to claim 1, wherein the stabilizing section (6) of the mounting bracket (4) unitarily transitions to the groove section (8). 4. A solar plant according to claim 1, wherein the groove section (8) includes two parallel edge lobes (9, 10) oriented in the same direction, of which the extension lines are spaced apart with such a separation from each other (A) that the solar module (2) can be slid with play between the edge lobes (9, 10) and secured. 5. A solar plant according to claim 1, wherein the edge lobes (9, 10) run perpendicular to the narrow side (12) of the solar module (2) and parallel to the longitudinal middle plane (M) of the solar module (2). 6. A solar plant according to claim 1, wherein the stabilizing section (6) includes a floor wall (16) and a first side wall (14) extending from the floor wall (16) and a second side wall (15), the breadth of separation (B) to each other and/or the height (H) being greater than half the thickness (D) of the solar module. 7. A solar plant according to claim 1, wherein the groove (13) of the groove section (8) extends in the plane of elongation of the first sidewall (14) of the stabilizing section (6). 8. A solar plant according to claim 1, wherein a lower edge lobe (9) of the groove section (8) connects with the second side wall (15) of the stabilizing section (6) and the upper edge lobe (10) of the groove section (8) connects to the first sidewall (14) of the stabilizing section (6). 9. A solar plant according to claim 1, wherein the lower edge lobe (9) is associated with a fastening element for securing the solar module (2). 10. A mounting bracket according to claim 1 for securing a solar module (2). 