A system and method for mounting photovoltaic solar panels onto a roof. The system includes first and second strut rails spaced from the roof employing a series of standoffs, the strut rails having a length, cross section, a base and side walls, side walls terminating with first and second turned in edges. First and second mounting fixtures are attached to the photovoltaic solar panels which are of a type and geometry enabling the solar panels to be removably appended to the strut rails. The first and second mounting fixtures can be applied to the photovoltaic solar panels before being elevated to a roof.
Claims 1. A system for mounting photovoltaic solar panels onto a roof, said system comprising first and second strut rails, each strut rail having a length and a cross section, each cross section having a base, side walls and first and second turned in edges, a first mounting fixture comprising a first mounting block for removably appending said photovoltaic solar panels to a first of said strut rails, said first mounting block having a tooth at its first edge and a cam at its second edge, said tooth sized and positioned to fit beneath a first turned in edge of said first strut rail while said cam frictionally abuts a second turned in edge of said first strut rail and a second mounting fixture comprising a second mounting block for removably appending said photovoltaic solar panel to said second strut rail, said second mounting block comprising a protruding shaft being sized to extend between said side walls of said second strut rail and further having an indent configured within said protruding shaft for capturing one of said first or second turned in edges when said indent is urged against one of said first or second turned in edges for releasably securing said photovoltaic solar panels to said second strut rail. 2. The system of claim 1 further comprising a set screw for urging said one of said first or second turned in edges against said indent. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein said second mounting block further comprises an arm extending parallel to said protruding shaft having a threaded hole for receipt of said set screw. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein said photovoltaic solar panels are substantially rectangular wherein a plurality of said first mounting fixtures are affixed to a first edge thereof and a plurality of said second mounting fixtures are affixed to a second edge thereof. 5. The system of claim 2 wherein said set screw further comprises an opening for receiving a tool for rotating said set screw for moving said protruding shaft within said second strut rail. 6. The system of claim 1 further comprising a grounding strip configured to create a grounding path between said photovoltaic solar panel and at least one of said first and second strut rails. 7. The system of claim 1 wherein said strut rails are further defined as comprising a series of apertures along their lengths. 8. The system of claim 7 further comprising a plurality of first and second strut rails positioned end to end when installed upon said roof. 9. The system of claim 8 wherein a gap is provided between said plurality of adjacent first and second strut rails. 10. The system of claim 9 further comprising an electrically conductive bridge spanning said gap between adjacent first and second strut rails. 11. The system of claim 1 further comprising a series of standoffs for mounting said strut rails onto and spaced from said roof, each of said standoffs comprising a first end for penetrating said roof and a second end for releaseably capturing a strut rail. 12. A method for mounting photovoltaic solar panels onto a roof comprising fixedly attaching a plurality of standoffs, said standoffs comprising first ends for penetrating said roof and second ends for releasably capturing a strut rail, appending first and second strut rails to said standoffs, each strut rail having a length and a cross section, each cross section having a base, side walls and first and second turned in edges, providing a plurality of first and second mounting fixtures comprising first and second mounting blocks, respectively, attached to said photovoltaic solar panels, applying said fixtures to said solar panels for removably appending said photovoltaic solar panels to said first and second strut rails, said first mounting block having a tooth at its first edge and a cam at its second edge, said tooth sized and positioned to fit beneath a first turned in edge of said first strut rail while said cam frictionally abuts a second turned in edge of said first strut rail, said second mounting block comprising a protruding shaft being sized to extend between said side walls of said second strut rail and further having an indent configured within said protruding shaft for capturing one of said first or second turned in edges when said indent is urged against one of said first or second turned in edges, first applying said first mounting block to said first strut rails by first engaging said tooth beneath a first turned in edge of said first strut rail and rotating said solar panel to enable said cam to frictionally abut a second turned in edge of said first strut rail while inserting said protruding shaft between said side walls of said second strut rail and urging said indent to abut said turned in edge of said second strut rail. 13. The method of claim 12 wherein said second mounting block is provided with a threaded hole and set screw, said indent being urged against one of said first or second turned in edges of said second strut rail by rotation of said set screw. 14. The method of claim 12 wherein said first and second mounting fixtures are applied to said photovoltaic solar panels prior to elevating said photovoltaic solar panels onto a roof. 15. The method of claim 12 further comprising applying a ground strip between said photovoltaic solar panel and at least one of said first and second strut rails. 16. The method of claim 12 further comprising applying a grounding strip within said indent prior to securing said second mounting fixture to a turned in edge of said second strut rail. 17. The method of claim 12 wherein a plurality of first and second strut rails are applied to said roof end to end. 18. The method of claim 17 wherein said first and second strut rails are applied to said roof while providing a gap between adjacent first and second strut rails. 19. The method of claim 18 further applying an electrically conductive bridge spanning said gap between adjacent first and second strut rails. 20. The method of claim 12 further comprising installing a grounding ship proximate said tooth located between said first mounting block and first turned in edge of said first strut rail. 21. A system for mounting photovoltaic solar panels onto a roof, said system comprising first and second strut rails, each shut rail having a length and a cross section, each cross section having a base, side walls and first and second turned in edges, a first mounting fixture comprising a first mounting block for removably appending said photovoltaic solar panels to a first of said shut rails, said first mounting block having a tooth at its first edge and a cam at its second edge, said tooth sized and positioned to fit beneath a first turned in edge of said first shut rail while said cam frictionally abuts a second turned in edge of said first strut rail and a second mounting fixture comprising a second mounting block for removably appending said photovoltaic solar panel to said second strut rail, said second mounting block comprising a protruding shaft and worm gear, said protruding shaft being sized to extend between said side walls of said second shut rail and further having a notch configured within said protruding shaft for capturing one of said first or second turned in edges upon rotation of said worm gear for releasably securing said photovoltaic solar panels to said second strut rail. 22. The system of claim 21 wherein said second mounting fixture further comprises a securing bracket for rotatably securing a threaded shaft, said threaded shaft being threadably engaged to said protruding shaft. 23. The system of claim 22 wherein said threaded shaft further comprises an extremity having an interface for receiving a tool for rotating said threaded shaft and for moving said protruding shaft within said second shut rail. 24. The system of claim 21 further comprising a grounding ship configured to create a grounding path between said photovoltaic solar panels and at least one of said first and second shut rails. 25. A system for mounting photovoltaic solar panels onto a roof, said system comprising first and second shut rails, each shut rail having a length and a cross section, each cross section having abase, side walls and first and second turned in edges, a first mounting fixture comprising a first mounting block for removably appending said photovoltaic solar panels to a first of said strut rails, and a second mounting fixture comprising a second mounting block for removably appending said photovoltaic solar panel to said second strut rail, said second mounting block comprising a protruding shaft being sized to extend between said side walls of said second strut rail and further having an indent configured within said protruding shaft for capturing one of said first or second turned in edges when said indent is urged against one of said first or second turned in edges for releasably securing said photovoltaic solar panels to said second strut rail. 