A photovoltaic electrochromic device and a method of manufacturing the same are provided. According to the method, at least one thin-film solar cell is formed on a transparent substrate, wherein the thin-film solar cell at least includes an anode, a photoelectric conversion layer, and a cathode, and a portion of a surface of the anode is exposed from the thin film solar cell. An electrochromic thin film is then deposited on at least one surface of the cathode and the exposed surface of the anode. Thereafter, an electrolyte layer is formed on a surface of the thin-film solar cell to cover the electrochromic thin film. The anode and the cathode of the thin-film solar cell also serve as the anode and the cathode of the photovoltaic electrochromic device.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic electrochromic device, at least comprising: a transparent substrate; at least one thin-film solar cell formed on the transparent substrate, wherein the thin-film solar cell at least comprises an anode, a photoelectric conversion layer, and a cathode, and a portion of a surface of the anode is exposed from the thin film solar cell; at least one electrochromic thin film disposed on at least one surface of the cathode and the exposed surface of the anode of the thin-film solar cell; and an electrolyte layer covering the electrochromic thin films. 2. The photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 1, wherein a material of the electrochromic thin film comprises conducting polymer, transition metal oxide, transition metal or Prussian blue. 3. The photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 2, wherein the transition metal oxide is selected from a group consisting of WO.sub.3, MoO.sub.3, V.sub.2O.sub.5, Nb.sub.2O.sub.5, NiO, SnO, Fe.sub.2O.sub.3, CoO, Ir.sub.2O.sub.3, Rh.sub.2O.sub.3, and MnO.sub.2. 4. The photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 2, wherein the transition metal is selected from metal, alloy, hydride, chalcogenide or telluride formed from a group of transition metal consisting of Mn, Mg, Co, Cu, Ni, Zn, V, Cr, Fe, Bi, Sb, Au, Zn, Pt, Ag, Ti, Nb, Te and Se. 5. The photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the thin-film solar cell comprises silicon thin-film solar cell, CIGS thin-film solar cell, or CdTe thin-film solar cell. 6. The photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 5, wherein the silicon thin-film solar cell comprises a-Si thin-film solar cell, a-Si/mc-Si tandem thin-film solar cell, a-Si/a-Si tandem thin-film solar cell or multijunction a-Si thin film solar cell. 7. The photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 5, wherein the photovoltaic electrochromic device comprises a plurality of thin-film solar cells and they are connected in series; and the anode of one of the thin-film solar cells is electrically connected to the cathode of another thin-film solar cell. 8. The photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 7, wherein the anode is exposed between the cathodes, and a shading area of the electrochromic thin film is determined by a width of an interval between the cathodes. 9. The photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 5, wherein the thin-film solar cell further comprises a passivation layer disposed on a sidewall of the photoelectric conversion layer of the thin-film solar cell. 10. The photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the electrolyte layer comprises solid electrolyte or liquid electrolyte. 11. The photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the transparent substrate comprises a glass, plastic or flexible substrate. 12. The photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a transparent non-conductive substrate covering the electrolyte layer. 13. The photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 12, further comprising a reflective film disposed on a surface of the transparent non-conductive substrate to form a mirror. 14. The photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a DC/AC inverter to convert current generated by the thin-film solar cell into utility grid. 15. The photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a DC charge storage device to store the current generated by the thin-film solar cell. 16. The photovoltaic electrochromic device as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a thin-film transistor connected to the anode and the cathode of the thin-film solar cell to control a switch between the thin-film solar cell and an exterior circuit. 17. A method of manufacturing a photovoltaic electrochromic device, the method comprising: forming at least one thin-film solar cell on a transparent substrate, wherein the thin-film solar cell at least comprises an anode, a photoelectric conversion layer, and a cathode, and a portion of a surface of the anode is exposed from the thin film solar cell; depositing an electrochromic thin film on at least one surface of the cathode and the exposed surface of the anode; and forming an electrolyte layer on a surface of the thin-film solar cell to cover the electrochromic thin film, wherein the anode and the cathode of the thin-film solar cell also serve as the anode and the cathode of the photovoltaic electrochromic device. 18. The manufacturing method as claimed in claim 17, wherein a method of depositing the electrochromic thin film comprises: disposing an electroplating solution to be in contact with the anode and the cathode of the thin-film solar cell; illuminating the thin-film solar cell to generate current, which causes redox reaction in the electroplating solution to form the electrochromic thin film on at least one surface of the anode and the cathode; and removing the electroplating solution. 19. The manufacturing method as claimed in claim 18, wherein a composition of the electrochromic thin film comprises a high molecular polymer formed by electropolymerization of aniline monomer, EDOT monomer or viologen monomer; or electroplating of ferric-ferrocyanide chromophore or nickel oxyhydroxide or WO.sub.3 thin film. 20. The manufacturing method as claimed in claim 18, wherein the electroplating solution comprises aniline monomer, EDOT monomer, or viologen monomer; ferric-ferrocyanide chromophore; or nickel oxyhydroxide or peroxytungstate electroplating solution. 21. The manufacturing method as claimed in claim 17, wherein the method of depositing the electrochromic thin film comprises electron beam evaporation, ion-assisted coating, reactive and non-reactive sputtering, thermal evaporation, CVD, plasma enhanced CVD or atmospheric pressure CVD. 22. The manufacturing method as claimed in claim 21, wherein a material of the electrochromic thin film comprises transition metal oxide or transition metal. 23. The manufacturing method as claimed in claim 22, wherein the transition metal oxide is selected from a group consisting of WO.sub.3, MoO.sub.3, V.sub.2O.sub.5, Nb.sub.2O.sub.5, NiO, SnO, Fe.sub.2O.sub.3, CoO, Ir.sub.2O.sub.3, Rh.sub.2O.sub.3, and MnO.sub.2. 24. The manufacturing method as claimed in claim 22, wherein the transition metal is selected from metal, alloy, hydride, chalcogenide or telluride formed from a group of transition metal consisting of Mn, Mg, Co, Cu, Ni, Zn, V, Cr, Fe, Bi, Sb, Au, Zn, Pt, Ag, Ti, Nb, Te and Se. 25. The manufacturing method as claimed in claim 17, wherein the thin-film solar cell comprises silicon thin-film solar cell, CIGS thin-film solar cell, or CdTe thin-film solar cell. 26. The manufacturing method as claimed in claim 25, wherein a process of forming the thin-film solar cell on the transparent substrate further comprises forming a passivation layer on a sidewall of the photoelectric conversion layer of the thin-film solar cell. 27. The manufacturing method as claimed in claim 17, wherein the electrolyte layer comprises solid electrolyte or liquid electrolyte. 28. The manufacturing method as claimed in claim 27, wherein the step of forming the electrolyte layer comprises electrolytic depositing the solid electrolyte on the surface of the thin-film solar cell. 29. The manufacturing method as claimed in claim 27, wherein the step of forming the electrolyte layer comprises successively vacuum depositing the solid electrolyte on the surface of the thin-film solar cell. 30. The manufacturing method as claimed in claim 27, wherein the liquid electrolyte comprises an alkali metal salt and a solvent. 31. The manufacturing method as claimed in claim 30, wherein the alkali metal salt comprises lithium trifluoromethylsulfonate, lithium perchlorate, bis(trifluoroethylsulfonyl)imide or tetra alkyl ammonium salt. 32. The manufacturing method as claimed in claim 30, wherein the solvent comprises propylene carbonate, dipropyl carbonate, glycol carbonate, .gamma.-butyrolactone, acetonitrile, tetrahydrofuran, or N-methyl-2-pyrrolidone. 33. The manufacturing method as claimed in claim 27, wherein the solid electrolyte comprises an alkali metal salt, a solvent and a polymer. 34. The manufacturing method as claimed in claim 33, wherein the polymer comprises Poly(ethylene oxide), Poly(propylene oxide), Poly(vinyl butyral), or Poly(methyl methacrylate) or the mixture thereof. 35. The manufacturing method as claimed in claim 17, further comprising disposing a transparent non-conductive substrate to cover the electrolyte layer after forming the electrolyte layer. 36. The manufacturing method as claimed in claim 35, further comprising bonding the transparent substrate, the electrolyte layer, and the transparent non-conductive layer with a laminator or an autoclave after forming the electrolyte layer. 37. The manufacturing method as claimed in one of claim 35, wherein the process of forming the electrolyte layer further comprising bonding the transparent substrate, the electrolyte layer, and the transparent non-conductive substrate with a laminator or an autoclave. 38. The manufacturing method as claimed in claim 35, further comprising forming a reflective film on a surface of the transparent non-conductive substrate to form a mirror before disposing the transparent non-conductive substrate to cover the electrolyte layer. 