Systems and methods for interfacing a renewable power source to a power grid are provided. A weather condition that may affect the power output of the renewable power source is identified. A potential impact of the identified weather condition on the renewable power source is determined. An output of the renewable power source that is supplied to the power grid is adjusted based at least in part on the determination.
Claims 1. A method for interfacing a renewable power source to a power grid, the method comprising: identifying a weather condition operable to affect power output of the renewable power source; determining a potential impact of the weather condition on the renewable power source; and adjusting, based at least in part on the determination, an output of the renewable power source that is supplied to the power grid. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein identifying a weather condition comprises identifying a weather condition utilizing at least one radar, at least one satellite, at least one sensor, or at least one irradiance sensor. 3. The method of claim 1, further comprising: determining one or more characteristics associated with the identified weather condition, wherein determining a potential impact of the weather condition comprises determining a potential impact based at least in part on the one or more determined characteristics. 4. The method of claim 3, wherein the one or more characteristics comprise at least one of an irradiance of light that is transmitted through the weather condition, an opacity of the weather condition, a location of the weather condition, a rate of movement of the weather condition, or a direction of movement of the weather condition. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein adjusting an output of the renewable power source comprises reducing an amount of power that is supplied to the power grid by one or more photovoltaic cells via at least one inverter. 6. The method of claim 1, further comprising: providing power to the power grid from one or more supplemental power sources. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein the one or more supplemental power sources comprise at least one of a generator that provides power directly to the power grid or a battery that provides power to an inverter. 8. The method of claim 1, further comprising: connecting at least one capacitor to the renewable power source, wherein the output of the renewable power source is adjusted based at least in part on the amount of power stored in the at least one capacitor. 9. The method of claim 1, wherein the renewable power source comprises one of a photovoltaic cell, an array of photovoltaic cells, a wind turbine, or a plurality of wind turbines. 10. A system for interfacing one or more renewable power sources to a power grid, the system comprising: at least one renewable power source; at least one sensing device operable to identify a weather condition operable to affect the power output of the at least one renewable power source; and at least one controller operable to determine a potential impact of the weather condition on the at least one renewable power source and to adjust, based at least in part on the determination, an output of the at least one renewable power source. 11. The system of claim 10, wherein the at least one renewable power source comprises one of a photovoltaic cell, an array of photovoltaic cells, a wind turbine, or a plurality of wind turbines. 12. The system of claim 10, wherein the at least one renewable power source comprises one or more photovoltaic cells that are interfaced to the power grid by at least one inverter. 13. The system of claim 10, wherein the at least one sensing device comprises at least one radar, at least one satellite, at least one sensor, or at least one irradiance sensor. 14. The system of claim 10, wherein the at least one controller is further operable to determine one or more characteristics associated with the identified weather condition and to determine the potential impact of the weather condition based at least in part on the one or more determined characteristics. 15. The system of claim 14, wherein the one or more characteristics comprise at least one of an irradiance of light that is transmitted through the weather condition, an opacity of the weather condition, a location of the weather condition, a rate of movement of the weather condition, or a direction of movement of the weather condition. 16. The system of claim 10, wherein the at least one controller is operable to adjust the output of the at least one renewable power source by reducing an amount of power that is supplied to the power grid by the at least one renewable power source via at least one inverter. 17. The system of claim 10, further comprising: one or more supplemental power sources operable to provide power to the power grid. 18. The system of claim 17, wherein the one or more supplemental power sources comprise at least one of a generator that provides power directly to the power grid or a battery that provides power to at least one inverter. 19. The system of claim 10, further comprising: at least one capacitor connected to the at least one renewable power source, wherein the at least one controller is operable to adjust the output of the at least one renewable power source based at least in part on the amount of power stored in the at least one capacitor. 20. A system for interfacing a renewable power source to a power grid, the system comprising: at least one renewable power source comprising a photovoltaic array and at least one inverter operable to interface the photovoltaic array to a power grid; at least one sensing device operable to identify a weather condition operable to affect the power output of the at least one renewable power source; and at least one controller operable to determine a potential impact of the weather condition on the at least one renewable power source and to adjust, based at least in part on the determination, an output of the at least one renewable power source that is supplied to the power grid. 