A method operates a gas turbine that includes a compressor section, a turbine section and an extraction cooling system. The method includes monitoring an operation of the gas turbine, directing a cooling air flow through the extraction cooling system from the compressor section to the turbine section in response to normal operation of the gas turbine, and directing a warming air flow through the extraction cooling system to the compressor section and the turbine section in response to shutdown of the gas turbine.
Claims 1. A method of operating a gas turbine, the gas turbine comprising a compressor section, a turbine section and an extraction cooling system, the method comprising: monitoring an operation of the gas turbine; directing a cooling air flow through the extraction cooling system from the compressor section to the turbine section in response to normal operation of the gas turbine; and directing a warming air flow through the extraction cooling system to the compressor section and the turbine section in response to shutdown of the gas turbine. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein directing a warming air flow through the extraction cooling system comprises directing a warming air flow onto a portion of a stator case about the turbine section. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein directing a warming air flow through the extraction cooling system comprises directing a warming air flow onto a portion of the stator case about the compressor section. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein directing a warming air flow through the extraction cooling system comprises interrupting a cooling air flow through the extraction cooling system. 5. The method of claim 4, wherein directing a warming air flow through an extraction cooling system comprises directing a warming air flow through a portion of the extraction cooling system in a reverse direction. 6. The method of claim 1, further comprising closing an inlet guide vane in the compressor section in response to the shutdown. 7. The method of claim 1, further comprising interrupting an air flow through the extraction cooling system to an interior of the gas turbine in response to the shutdown. 8. The method of claim 1, further comprising directing a warming air flow through the extraction cooling system from the interior of the gas turbine to a stator case in response to the shutdown. 9. A system for reducing heat loss from a stator case of a gas turbine during a shutdown cycle, the system comprising: a heat exchanger; an external air source operable to direct air into the heat exchanger; an external heat source operable to supply heat to the heat exchanger; at least one supply line in fluid communication with the heat exchanger and the stator case; and a controller operable to trigger the external air source in response to the shutdown cycle. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein the external air source comprises a blower adapted to direct ambient air into the heat exchanger. 11. The system of claim 9, wherein the external heat source comprises one or more of the following: an electrical heat source, a gas heat source, a geothermal heat source, a solar heat source, a biomass heat source, an external burner, and a flow of steam from a boiler. 12. The system of claim 9, wherein the at least one supply line comprises a plurality of compressor supply lines in fluid communication with the stator case adjacent to a compressor. 13. The system of claim 9, wherein the at least one supply line comprises a plurality of turbine supply lines in fluid communication with the stator case adjacent to a turbine. 14. The system of claim 9, further comprising a closable passage, wherein: the closable passage comprises one or more of the following: a closeable guide vane in the compressor section, a closable door in an inlet plenum to the compressor section, and a closable door in an exhaust plenum from the turbine section; and the controller is further operable to close the closable passage in response to the shutdown cycle. 15. The system of claim 9, further comprising an insulation layer positioned about at least a portion of the stator case. 16. The system of claim 9, further comprising turning gear operable to rotate a rotor of the gas turbine, wherein the controller is further operable to cause the turning gear to rotate the rotor at a relatively low speed, wherein the relatively low speed is selected to substantially reduce temperature variations along a vertical cross-section of the gas turbine. 17. The system of claim 9, the gas turbine comprising an existing interior component supply line that permits air flow to interior components of the gas turbine, the system further comprising: an interior component supply valve positioned on the interior component supply line, wherein the controller is further operable to close the interior component supply valve in response to the shutdown cycle. 18. The system of claim 9, further comprising: an interior component supply line in fluid communication with interior components of the gas turbine and the stator case; and a blower positioned on the interior component supply line, wherein the controller is further operable to initiate the blower in response to the shutdown cycle to direct heated air from the interior components to the stator case. 19. A system for reducing heat loss from a stator case of a gas turbine during a shutdown cycle, the system comprising: an extraction cooling system configured to direct a flow of cooled air from a compressor to the stator case about a turbine section; at least one valve operable to selectively permit or prevent the flow of cooled air to the stator case about the turbine section; and a controller operable to actuate the valve in response to the shutdown cycle to prevent the flow of cooled air. 20. The system of claim 19, further comprising an inlet guide vane movable between opened and closed positions, wherein the controller is further operable to close the inlet guide vane in response to the shutdown cycle. 21. The system of claim 19, further comprising turning gear associated with a rotor, wherein: the closable guide vane is positioned adjacent to a port of the extraction cooling system in the compressor; and the controller is further operable cause the turning gear to rotate the rotor at a speed selected to drive air through the extraction cooling system. 22. A system for reducing heat loss from a stator case of a gas turbine during a shutdown cycle, the system comprising: a heated cover positioned about at least a portion of the stator case; and a controller operable to cause the heated cover to heat in response to the shutdown cycle. 23. The system of claim 22, wherein the controller is further operable to cause the heated cover to stop heating in response to a hot restart cycle. 24. The system of claim 22, further comprising an insulation layer positioned over at least a portion of the heated cover. 25. The system of claim 22, wherein the controller is further operable to variably control the heated cover according to position on the stator case. 26. A system for reducing heat loss from a stator case of a gas turbine during shutdown, the system comprising: an inlet guide vane movable between opened and closed positions; and a controller operable to close the inlet guide vane in response to the shutdown. 27. The system of claim 26, further comprising turning gear operable to control a rotation of a rotor, wherein the controller is further operable to cause the turning gear to rotate the rotor at a relatively low speed, wherein the relatively low speed is selected to substantially reduce temperature variations along a vertical cross-section of the gas turbine. 28. The system of claim 26, further comprising an extraction cooling system, wherein the controller is further operable to interrupt the extraction cooling system in response to the shutdown to prevent a cooling air flow from a compressor to a portion of the stator casing. 29. The system of claim 28, further comprising an external heat source and an external air source associated with the extraction cooling system, wherein the controller is further operable to repurpose the extraction cooling system to direct a warming air flow onto the stator case during shutdown. 30. The system of claim 26, further comprising at least one door, the door movable between opened and closed positions, the door positioned in either an inlet plenum into the compressor section or an exhaust plenum from the turbine section, wherein the controller is further operable to close the door in response to the shutdown. 