Exemplary embodiments of the invention relate to an optical transceiver module having a diagnostic communications link, wherein the link is configured to access diagnostic and other data contained within the transceiver controller via a backdoor interface. Controller data, including operational parameter values and module setup values, is accessible while the transceiver operates in conjunction with an external host and may be retrieved, and sometimes modified, in real time without interrupting normal transceiver operation or suspending the transmission of data over optical fibers. The data is accessed with an external user device via a backdoor interface on the outside of the transceiver module.
Claims 1. A transceiver module comprising: a printed circuit board that interfaces with a host system; an optical transmitter assembly electrically connected to the printed circuit board, the optical transmitter assembly connecting to a network over a first port; an optical receiver assembly electrically connected to the printed circuit board, the optical receiver connecting to the network over a second port; a diagnostic port assembly communicatively connected to the printed circuit board, wherein the diagnostic port assembly enables an external device to interface with the transceiver while the optical transmitter assembly and the optical receiver assembly continue to operate over the network. 2. The transceiver module of claim 1, wherein the diagnostic port assembly comprises an electrical output component and an electrical input component. 3. The transceiver module of claim 1, wherein the diagnostic port assembly comprises an antenna, a transmitter and a receiver to interface with the external device wirelessly. 4. The transceiver module of claim 1, wherein the diagnostic port assembly comprises a second optical transmitter assembly and a second optical receiver assembly to communicate optically with the external device. 5. The transceiver module of claim 4, wherein the second optical transmitter assembly comprises either a laser or a light emitting diode. 6. The transceiver module of claim 4, wherein the second optical receiver assembly comprises either a photodiode or a phototransistor. 7. The transceiver module of claim 4 wherein, the second optical transmitter assembly transmits data with a particular light emitting diode and the second optical receiver assembly receives data using photovoltaic properties of the light emitting diode. 8. The transceiver module of claim 1, wherein the diagnostic port assembly generates output and input that include at least one of digital diagnostic data, transceiver operating code, setup functions, identification information, eye safety and general fault detection information, temperature compensation functions, monitoring functions, power on time data, or margining data. 9. The transceiver module of claim 1, further comprising a memory, wherein the input receive by the diagnostic port assembly includes transceiver firmware to be stored in a predetermined memory location of the memory. 10. An optical transceiver module, comprising: a controller for managing transceiver operation with controller data; an optical transmitter assembly communicatively coupled to the controller for transmitting high-speed data over a network; an optical receiver assembly communicatively coupled to the microcontroller for receiving high-speed data over the network; a diagnostic port assembly communicatively coupled to the controller, for interfacing with an external user device, wherein the diagnostic port assembly is configured to transfer controller data to and from the external user device over a diagnostic link that is independent of the network. 11. The transceiver module of claim 10, wherein the controller data comprises at least one of digital diagnostic data, transceiver operating code, setup functions, identification information, eye safety and general fault detection information, temperature compensation functions, monitoring functions, power on time data, and margining data. 12. The transceiver module of claim 11, wherein the diagnostic port assembly comprises: an optical receiver for receiving optical signals from an optical medium and converting the optical signals into electrical signals, wherein the electrical signals contain controller data for use by the controller; and an optical transmitter for emitting optical signals representative of electrical signals containing controller data onto an optical medium. 13. The transceiver module of claim 12, wherein the optical transmitter of the diagnostic port assembly comprises either a laser or a light emitting diode. 14. The transceiver module of claim 12, wherein the optical receiver of the diagnostic port assembly comprises a photodiode or a phototransistor. 15. The transceiver module of claim 12, wherein the optical transmitter and the optical receiver are both implemented as a single light emitting diode. 16. The transceiver module of claim 10, wherein the diagnostic port assembly comprises a wireless communication system. 17. The transceiver module of claim 16, wherein the wireless communication system further comprises an antenna, a transmitter, and a receiver to communicate with the external user device wirelessly. 18. The transceiver module of claim 10 wherein, the diagnostic port assembly is coupled to the controller through a UART. 