Solar cell assemblies and method of making solar cell assemblies. The method, including: fabricating solar cell chips on solar cell wafers; dicing the solar cell wafers into individual solar cell chips; packaging the individual solar cell chips in molded plastic packages to form solar cell chip packages; and mounting on and electrically connecting one or more of the solar cell chip packages to a printed circuit board. The assemblies including a printed circuit board; one or more solar cell chip packages mounted on and electrically connected to the printed circuit board, each of said one or more solar chip packages comprising a solar cell chip and a lead frame encapsulated in a molded plastic body, top surfaces the solar cell chips exposed in top surfaces of the molded plastic bodies.
Claims 1. A method, comprising: (a) fabricating solar cell chips on solar cell wafers; (b) dicing said solar cell wafers into individual solar cell chips; (c) packaging said individual solar cell chips in molded plastic packages to form solar cell chip packages; and (d) mounting on and electrically connecting one or more of said solar cell chip package to a printed circuit board. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein each of said one or more solar cell chip packages is soldered to pads on a top surface of said printed circuit board. 3. The method of claim 1, further including: between (c) and (d), soldering one or more sockets onto pads on said top surface of said printed circuit board; and after said soldering said one or more sockets, inserting each of said one or more solar cell chip packages into a respective sockets of said one or more sockets. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein said solar chips have a contact frame on a top surface and a bus bar an opposite bottom surface, said top surface of said solar chips exposed in a top surface of said packages, a first set of leads of said packages soldered to said bus bar and a second set of leads of said package either soldered, wire bonded or bump bonded to said contact frames. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein when there are two or more integrated circuit chip packages mounted on said printed circuit board, electrically connecting said two or more solar cell chip packages in series, electrically connecting said two or more solar cell chip packages in parallel, or when there are three or more integrated circuit chip packages mounted on said printed circuit board electrically connecting said three or more solar cell chip packages in a series and parallel combination. 6. The method of claim 1, further including: in (c), encapsulating heat spreaders in said packages with said solar cell chips, top surfaces of said heat spreaders in contact with bottom surfaces of said solar cell chips, bottom surfaces of said heat spreaders exposed in bottom surfaces of said packages; and contacting said bottom surfaces of said heat spreaders with cooling devices. 7. The method of claim 1, further including: before (a), reclaiming and processing scrap wafers from an integrated circuit chip fabrication facility to form said solar cell wafers; and wherein (a) includes processing said solar cell wafers on at least one tool used to fabricate integrated circuit chips in said integrated circuit chip fabrication facility. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein each of said one or more solar cell chips includes: a P-doped layer and an N-doped layer in a silicon substrate, said P-doped layer adjacent to a top surface of said substrate and said N-doped layer adjacent to a bottom surface of said substrate; a dielectric top passivation layer on said top surface of said substrate and a dielectric bottom passivation layer on said top surface of said substrate; an antireflective coating on said top passivation layer; a first set of openings through said antireflective coating and through said top passivation layer to said P-doped layer and photolithographically forming a second set of openings through said bottom passivation layer to said N-doped layer; first metal silicide contacts to said P-doped layer and second metal silicide contacts to said N-doped layer in said first and second openings respectively; and metal contact frames on said first metal silicide contacts and metal bus bars on said second metal silicide contacts; 9. The method of claim 8, wherein each of said one or more solar cell chips further includes emitter regions in said substrate, said emitter regions extending from said bottom surface of substrate through said N-doped layer into said substrate a further distance than said N-doped layer extends into said substrate, a concentration of N-dopant of said emitters greater than a N-dopant concentration of said N-doped layer. 10. The method of claim 1, wherein each of said one or more solar cell chips range in surface area from about 25 mm.sup.2 to about 400 mm.sup.2. 11. A device, comprising: a printed circuit board; one or more solar cell chip packages mounted on and electrically connected to said printed circuit board, each of said one or more solar cell chip packages comprising a solar cell chip and a lead frame encapsulated in an a molded plastic body, top surfaces of said solar cell chips exposed in top surfaces of said molded plastic bodies. 12. The device of claim 11, wherein each of said one or more solar cell chip packages is soldered to pads on a top surface of said printed circuit board. 13. The device of claim 11, further including: sockets soldered onto pads on said top surface of said printed circuit board; and each of said one or more solar cell chip packages removeably inserted into a respective socket. 14. The device of claim 11, wherein each solar cell chip of said one or more solar chips has a contact frame on said top surface and a bus bar an opposite bottom surface, said top surface of said solar chips exposed in a top surface of said packages, a first set of leads of said packages soldered to said bus bars and a second set of leads of said package either soldered, wire bonded or bump bonded to said contact frames. 15. The device of claim 11, wherein when there are two or more integrated circuit chip packages mounted on said printed circuit board, electrically connecting said two or more solar cell chip packages in series, electrically connecting said two or more solar cell chip packages in parallel to, or when there are three or more integrated circuit chip packages mounted on said printed circuit board electrically connecting said three or more solar cell chip packages in a series and parallel combination. 16. The device of claim 11, further including: respective heat spreaders encapsulated in said packages, top surfaces of said heat spreaders in contact with bottom surfaces of said solar cell chips, bottom surfaces of said heat spreaders exposed in bottom surfaces of said packages; and a cooling device contacting said bottom surfaces of said heat spreaders. 17. The device of claim 11, further including: at least one device selected from the group consisting of resisters, capacitors, inductors, diodes, transistors, and integrated circuit chips mounted on said printed circuit board and electrically connected to said one or more solar cell chip packages. 18. The device of claim 11, wherein each of said one or more solar cell chips includes: a P-doped layer and an N-doped layer in a silicon substrate, said P-doped layer adjacent to a top surface of said substrate and said N-doped layer adjacent to a bottom surface of said substrate; a dielectric top passivation layer on said top surface of said substrate and a dielectric bottom passivation layer on said top surface of said substrate; an antireflective coating on said top passivation layer; a first set of openings through said antireflective coating and through said top passivation layer to said P-doped layer and photolithographically forming a second set of openings through said bottom passivation layer to said N-doped layer; first metal silicide contacts to said P-doped layer and second metal silicide contacts to said N-doped layer in said first and second openings respectively; and metal contact frames on said first metal silicide contacts and metal bus bars on said second metal silicide contacts; 19. The device of claim 18, wherein each of said one or more solar cell chips further includes emitter regions in said substrate, said emitter regions extending from said bottom surface of substrate through said N-doped layer into said substrate a further distance than said N-doped layer extends into said substrate, a concentration of N-dopant of said emitters greater than a N-dopant concentration of said N-doped layer. 20. The device of claim 12, wherein each solar cell chip of said one or more solar cell chips range in surface area from about 25 mm.sup.2 to about 400 mm.sup.2. 