A mounting system for photovoltaic solar panels providing support for different sized panels, and/or panels having mounting holes located in different locations. A universal panel clamp includes at least one elongated hole or slot to attach to a mounting hole on a solar panel frame. A clamp is attached to an upper hole, and a second clamp is attached to a lower mounting hole. The upper clamps are attached to an upper lateral support member, and the lower clamps are attached to a lower lateral support member. This assembly may be supported by A-shaped support members having adjustable tilt arms, or posts with specially configured brackets.
Claims 1. A mounting clamp for solar panels comprising: a top section comprising: at least one elongated slot for aligning with a mounting hole on a solar panel; a rear section; and mounting hardware to attach the top and rear sections together around a support member. 2. The mounting clamp of claim 1, wherein the at least one elongated slot is sized to accommodate solar panel mounting holes which are located in a band approximately 0.5'' to 1.25'' from an edge of a solar panel frame. 3. The mounting clamp of claim 1, wherein the at least one elongated slot is sized to accommodate solar panel mounting holes which are located in a band approximately 0.25'' to 2'' from an edge of a solar panel frame. 4. The mounting clamp of claim 1, wherein the front and rear sections are configured to attach to a round metal support tube. 5. The mounting clamp of claim 1, wherein the top section comprises two elongated slots for aligning with mounting holes on adjacent solar panels in an array. 6. The mounting clamp of claim 5, wherein the two elongated slots are enclosed elongated holes approximately 0.35.times.0.75 inches, and spaced approximately 1.4 inches apart at their inner edges. 7. The mounting clamp of claim 1, wherein the top section further comprises a top attachment hole and a bottom attachment hole, and the rear section comprises a top attachment hole and a bottom attachment hole. 8. The mounting clamp of claim 1, wherein the top section further comprises a spacer fin to provide a fixed gap between adjacent solar panels. 9. A mounting clamp for solar panels comprising: a top section comprising: two elongated holes for aligning with mounting holes on adjacent solar panels; and a spacer fin to provide a fixed gap between the adjacent solar panels; and a rear section; wherein the top and rear sections are configured to attach together around a support member. 10. The mounting clamp of claim 9, wherein the elongated holes are sized to accommodate solar panel mounting holes which are located in a band approximately 0.5'' to 1.25'' from an edge of a solar panel frame. 11. The mounting clamp of claim 9, wherein the elongated holes are sized to accommodate solar panel mounting holes which are located in a band approximately 0.25'' to 2'' from an edge of a solar panel frame. 12. The mounting clamp of claim 9, wherein the two elongated holes are approximately 0.35.times.0.75 inches, and spaced approximately 1.4 inches apart at their inner edges. 13. A solar panel mounting system comprising: at least two A-shaped support frames, each A-shaped support frame including a top bracket; a tilt arm connected to an A-shaped support frame at a position along a front of the A-shaped support frame; a top lateral support member connected to each A-shaped support frame at each top bracket; a bottom lateral support member connected to each tilt arm, wherein each tilt arm is attached to an A-shaped support member at a location to align the bottom lateral support member with at least one bottom mounting hole on a solar panel frame; and a first solar panel clamp attached to the top lateral support member; and a second solar panel clamp attached to the bottom lateral support member, wherein the first and second panel clamps comprise: a top section comprising: at least one elongated slot for aligning with a mounting hole on a solar panel; a rear section; and mounting hardware to attach the top and rear sections together around a lateral support member. 14. The mounting system of claim 13, wherein the at least one elongated slot is sized to accommodate solar panel mounting holes which are located in a band approximately 0.5'' to 1.25'' from an edge of a solar panel frame. 15. The mounting system of claim 13, wherein the at least one elongated slot is sized to accommodate solar panel mounting holes which are located in a band approximately 0.25'' to 2'' from an edge of a solar panel frame. 16. The mounting system of claim 13, wherein the top and rear sections are configured to attach to a round metal support tube. 17. The mounting system of claim 13, wherein the top section comprises two elongated slots for aligning with mounting holes on adjacent solar panels in an array. 18. The mounting system of claim 17, wherein the two elongated slots are enclosed elongated holes approximately 0.35.times.0.75 inches, and spaced approximately 1.4 inches apart at their inner edges. 19. The mounting system of claim 13, wherein the top section further comprises a top attachment hole and a bottom attachment hole, and the rear section comprises a top attachment hole and a bottom attachment hole. 20. The mounting system of claim 13, wherein the top section further comprises a spacer fin to provide a fixed gap between adjacent solar panels. 21. A solar panel mounting system comprising: at least two mounting posts; a mounting bracket connected at a top of a mounting post; a top lateral support member connected to each mounting bracket; a bottom lateral support member connected to each mounting bracket at a location to align the bottom lateral support member with at least one bottom mounting hole on a solar panel frame; and a first solar panel clamp attached to the top lateral support member; and a second solar panel clamp attached to the bottom lateral support member, wherein the first and second panel clamps comprise: a top section comprising: at least one elongated slot for aligning with a mounting hole on a solar panel; a rear section; and mounting hardware to attach the front and rear sections together around a lateral support member. 22. The mounting system of claim 21, wherein the at least one elongated slot is sized to accommodate solar panel mounting holes which are located in a band approximately 0.5'' to 1.25'' from an edge of a solar panel frame. 23. The mounting system of claim 21, wherein the at least one elongated slot is sized to accommodate solar panel mounting holes which are located in a band approximately 0.25'' to 2'' from an edge of a solar panel frame. 24. The mounting system of claim 21, wherein the top and rear sections are configured to attach to a round metal support tube. 25. The mounting system of claim 21, wherein the top section comprises two elongated slots for aligning with mounting holes on adjacent solar panels in an array. 26. The mounting system of claim 25, wherein the two elongated slots are enclosed elongated holes approximately 0.35.times.0.75 inches, and spaced approximately 1.4 inches apart at their inner edges. 27. The mounting system of claim 21, wherein the top section further comprises a top attachment hole and a bottom attachment hole, and the rear section comprises a top attachment hole and a bottom attachment hole. 28. The mounting system of claim 21, wherein the top section further comprises a spacer fin to provide a fixed gap between adjacent solar panels. 29. The mounting system of claim 28, wherein the spacer fin is 0.375 inches wide. 