A portable solar power collection and storage system integrated into a body affixed to a towable trailer vehicle, which in a preferred configuration may require no complicated setup steps or even no setup steps at all, and may be not wind vulnerable due to integrated body construction with substantially contained rather than extended solar panel(s). The system may further include water pumping and treatment equipment.
Claims 1. A portable solar generator system comprising: a towable trailer vehicle with two or more wheels and a towing hitch, one or more photovoltaic solar collection panels substantially mounted to the body of said trailer vehicle such that they are not substantially extended away from said vehicle body so as to expose them to wind damage, and the trailer having an axis of rotation such that the elevation angle of said photovoltaic panel collector may be adjusted by rotation around that axis to more directly face the sun. 2. A portable solar generator system as in claim 1 further comprising one or more storage batteries having a direct current battery output. 3. A portable solar generator system as in claim 2 further comprising an inverter to convert the direct current battery output to alternating current. 4. A portable solar generator system as in claim 1 wherein the axis of rotation for elevation angle adjustment is the trailer vehicle wheel assembly axis. 5. A portable solar generator system as in claim 1 further comprising a water pump. 6. A portable solar generator system as in claim 5 additionally comprising water treatment equipment comprising a number of water quality treatment and filtering elements. 7. A portable solar generator system as in claim 5 additionally comprising water treatment equipment comprising a salt-water desalination device. 8. A portable solar generator system as in claim 2 additionally comprising a water pump wherein said water pump may be activated by an automatic shunt system to operate at times when said batteries are fully charged allowing solar energy converted to electricity to be directed to work instead of being stored as electrical battery charge. 9. A portable solar generator system as in claim 2 additionally comprising an auxiliary direct current input to allow for recharging of the batteries from an external power source such as a wind turbine, hydroelectric generator, human powered generator, additional photovoltaic solar collector panel, or any other appropriate power generation system. 10. A portable solar generator system as in claim 3 additionally comprising an output alternative directing generated power to an interface connected to external municipal power utility system. 11. A portable solar generator system as in claim 3 additionally containing a power monitoring system to sense and record power collection and use. 12. A portable solar generator system as in claim 11 additionally containing an Internet modem or mobile telephony radio for the wireless transmission of relevant system usage data such as power generated. 13. A portable solar generator system as in claim 2 additionally containing a current limiter and socket interface connectable to conventional trailer connections of automobiles for allowing the solar generator batteries to be recharged from the towing vehicle battery. 