A system for generation of electrical power including an inverter connected to a photovoltaic source including a theft prevention and detection feature. A first memory is permanently attached to the photovoltaic source. The first memory is configured to store a first code. A second memory is attached to the inverter. The second memory configured to store a second code. During manufacture or installation of the system, the first code is stored in the first memory attached to the photovoltaic source. The second code based on the first code is stored in the second memory. Prior to operation of the inverter, the first code is compared to the second code and based on the comparison; the generation of the electrical power is enabled or disabled.
Claims 1. A method of preventing theft of a system for generation of electrical power, the system including an inverter connected to a photovoltaic source, the method comprising: permanently attaching a first memory to said photovoltaic source; attaching a microprocessor and a second memory to said inverter; writing a first code in said first memory; and storing in said second memory a second code based on said first code. 2. The method according to claim 1, further comprising comparing said first code with said second code during the generation of the electrical power. 3. The method according to claim 1, wherein said second code is either a copy or a hash of said first code. 4. The method according to claim 1, wherein at least one of said writing and said storing is performed during installation of said system. 5. The method according to claim 1, wherein at least one of said writing and said storing is performed by a remote server attached to the system. 6. The method according to claim 1, wherein, prior to initializing or continuing power conversion operation of said inverter, the method further comprises: first reading said first code as stored from said first memory; second reading said second code stored from said second memory; comparing said first code with said second code to produce a comparison; and allowing power conversion of the inverter based on said comparison of said first and second codes. 7. The method according to claim 6, wherein said first reading, said second reading and said comparing are performed by said microprocessor. 8. The method according to claim 1, further comprising: receiving said first code and said second code by a remote server operatively attached to said microprocessor; and storing by said remote server in remote storage attached to said remote server selectably either copies of said first code and said second code or a hash based on said first code and said second code. 9. The method according to claim 8, wherein, prior to continuing power conversion operation of said inverter, the method further comprises: said remote server receiving said first code; said remote server receiving said second code; said remote server comparing said first code and said second code with said copies or said hash; and allowing power conversion of said inverter based on said comparing. 10. The method, according to claim 1, wherein said first code or said second code is generated by a global positioning system module which bases said first code or said second code on the global coordinates of said photovoltaic source or said inverter. 11. A method of preventing theft in a system for generation of electrical power, the system including a load connected to a direct current (DC) power source, the method for preventing theft of a component of the system, the method comprising: permanently attaching a first memory to the direct current (DC) power source; attaching a second memory to the load; writing a first code in said first memory; storing in said second memory a second code based on said first code; and comparing said first code with said second code. 12. The method, according to claim 11, wherein said comparing is performed by a processor selected from the group consisting of: a first processor attached to said direct current (DC) power source and addressing said first memory, a second processor attached to said load and addressing said second memory and a remote server attached to either said first processor or said second processor over a wide area network. 13. The method, according to claim 11, wherein at least a portion of said first code or said second code is based on the respective global coordinates of at least one of the direct current (DC) power source or the load. 14. The method, according to claim 11, further comprising enabling the generation of electrical power based on said comparing of said first code to said second code. 15. The method, according to claim 11, further comprising disabling electrical power output of the direct current (DC) power source to the load based on said comparing. 16. The method, according to claim 11, further comprising disabling electrical power output of the load based on said comparing. 17. A system for generation electrical power, the system including an load connected to a direct current (DC) power source, the system comprising: a first memory permanently attached to the direct current (DC) power source, said first memory configured to store a first code; a second memory attached to the load, said second memory configured to store a second code; and a processor, wherein during manufacturing or installation of the system, said first code is stored in said first memory attached to the direct current (DC) power source and said second code based on said first code is stored in said second memory, wherein prior to operation of the system, said processor is configured to compare the first code to the second code and based on the comparison, the generation of the electrical power is enabled or disabled. 18. The system according to claim 17, wherein said processor is selected from the group consisting of: a first processor attached to said direct current (DC) power source adapted for addressing said first memory, a second processor attached to said load adapted for addressing said second memory and a remote server operatively attached to selectably either said first processor or said second processor over a wide area network. 19. The system according to claim 17, further comprising a global position module located at either the site of said load or the site of said panel, wherein at least one of said first code or said second code is based on global coordinates generated by said global position module. 