A low concentrating solar collector comprising: at least one elongated cross-sectionally V-shape beam, a first and second sunray light reflecting surfaces integral to the respective interior faces of the V-shape beam side legs, at least one of a photovoltaic cell and of a thermal collector member carried by the beam web, the selected photovoltaic cell member and thermal collector member having exposed surfaces accessible to sunrays crossing the V-beam mouth and striking and deflected by the beam side walls light reflecting surfaces toward the beam web. The beam side walls are of such size and composition as to be able to constitute heat sink for optimizing thermal management of the solar collector.
Claims 1. A low concentrating solar collector comprising: at least one elongated beam element, each beam element having a translucent web, a pair of beam side walls carried by and diverging from said web at bottom edge portions of said beam side walls, and a large open mouth defined between top edge portions of said beam side walls opposite said web, said beam side walls each defining a main inner face in register with one another, each of said beam side walls further forming integral sunray light reflecting surfaces; at least one of a photovoltaic cell member and of a thermal collector member carried by said beam web, the selected photovoltaic cell member and thermal collector member having exposed surfaces accessible to at least infra-red component of sunrays crossing said beam mouth and striking and deflected by said beam side walls light reflecting surfaces toward said web; wherein said beam side walls are of such size and composition as to further be able to constitute a heat sink for optimizing thermal management of said solar collector. 2. A solar collector as in claim 1, further including a first and second mirror members, said first mirror member carried by one of said beam side walls main inner face and said second mirror member carried by the other of said beam side walls main inner face. 3. A solar collector as in claim 1, wherein the plane of each said beam side wall light reflecting surfaces makes an angle of between about 11.degree. to 17.degree. relative to a plane orthogonal to that of said beam web. 4. A solar collector as in claim 1, wherein said thermal collector member is a glazed flat plate assembly. 5. A solar collector as in claim 4, wherein said thermal collector member is of the 3.times. concentrator type. 6. A solar collector as in claim 1, wherein said beam side walls are made from aluminium. 7. A solar collector as in claim 1, further including a sun tracking system operatively connected to said at least one beam element, said sun tracking system continuously maintaining said exposed surface of the selected said photovoltaic cell member and thermal collector member on said beam web in a generally perpendicular orientation relative to the incident sunrays from the sky. 8. A solar collector as in claim 7, wherein said sun tracking system includes a self-standing upright ground column having a top end, a bracket mount rotatably mounted to said upright column top end, a slewing drive rotatably driving said bracket mount at said column top end, a planar carrier frame having one and another opposite main faces, means for mounting said bracket mount to said carrier frame for relative movement of the latter relative to said main carrier frame, ram means carried by said bracket means and engaging said carrier frame one main face for tilting the latter relative to said ground column, and anchor means anchoring said web of said at least one beam element to said carrier frame another face. 9. A solar collector as in claim 8, further including an electronic controller, automatically controlling the tilt and translation of said carrier frame and associated at least one beam element, to keep said exposed surfaces of selected said photovoltaic cell member and said thermal collector member perpendicular to incident sunrays reflected by said beam side walls light reflecting surfaces. 10. A solar collector as in claim 9, wherein there is a plurality of beam elements mounted side by side in said carrier frame another main face and being edgewisely interconnected in successive pairs. 11. A solar collector as in claim 10, wherein the length of each said beam element ranges between 3 and 10 meters, the substantially full length of corresponding said web being fitted with selected said photovoltaic cell members and said thermal collector members. 12. A solar collector as in claim 4, wherein said beam web includes an open pocket projecting opposite said beam side walls and defining an aperture, the selected said photovoltaic cell member and said thermal collector member slidingly releasably engaged through said web aperture into said web pocket. 13. A solar collector as in claim 12, wherein said glazed flat plate assembly includes: an open casing, engaging said pocket; a thermally insulating block, mounted into said casing at a distance from said beam web wherein a volume of air is formed therebetween, and a number of flow tubes for free flow of heat exchanger fluid, said flow tubes mounted into said insulating block but opening freely into said volume of air spacedly from said beam web. 14. A solar collector as in claim 12, wherein said solar collector is of a hybrid type, comprising both at least one photovoltaic cell member and at least one glazed flat plate assembly, said photovoltaic cell member fixedly applied directly against and beneath said beam web opposite said beam side walls, said glazed flat plate assembly including an open casing, a thermal insulating block mounted into said casing and directly abutting against said photovoltaic cell member opposite said beam web, and a number of flow tubes for free flow of heat exchanger fluid therethrough, said flow tubes mounted into said insulating block and edgewisely abutting against said photovoltaic cell member for enhancing heat dissipation from the latter. 15. A solar collector as in claim 1, wherein said beam web includes an open pocket projecting opposite said beam side walls and defining an aperture, the selected said photovoltaic cell member and said thermal collector member slidingly releasably engaged through said web aperture into said web pocket; and wherein said photovoltaic cell member is fixedly applied directly against and beneath said beam web opposite said beam side walls. 16. A solar collector as in claim 3, wherein the plane of each said beam side wall light reflecting surfaces makes an angle of between 13.5.degree. to 16.5.degree. relative to a plane orthogonal to that of said beam web. 17. A solar collector as in claim 1, further including first and second acrylic/polymer double layer sunray light reflecting membranes, said first membrane carried by one of said beam side walls main inner face and said second membrane carried by the other of said beam side walls main inner face. 18. A solar collector as in claim 16, wherein the plane of each of said beam side wall reflecting surfaces makes an angle of 15.degree. relative to a plane orthogonal to that of said beam web. 