An instrument for determining ozone concentration in a gaseous fluid includes a chamber, at least one filter adapted to remove particulates from gaseous fluid entering the chamber, and at least one filter adapted to remove ozone from gaseous fluid entering the chamber. At least one element is arranged to draw gaseous fluid into the chamber. An ultra-violet source located at one end of the chamber and configured to generate a substantially collimated beam of radiation having a wave length in the range 240 to 290 nm, and an ultra-violet sensor is arranged at the other end of the chamber and configured to receive the ultra-violet light emitted by the said ultra-violet source.
Claims 1. An instrument for determining ozone concentration in a gaseous fluid comprising a chamber, at least one filter adapted to remove particulates from gaseous fluid entering the chamber, and at least one filter adapted to remove ozone from gaseous fluid entering the chamber, at least one element arranged to draw gaseous fluid into the chamber at atmospheric pressure, an exhaust, an ultra-violet source located at one end of the chamber and configured to generate a substantially collimated beam of radiation having a wave length in the range 240 to 290 nm, and an ultra-violet sensor arranged at the other end of the chamber and configured to receive the ultra-violet light emitted by the said ultra-violet source. 2. An instrument according to claim 1, wherein the ultra-violet source is an ultra-violet light emitting diode (UV-LED). 3. An instrument according to claim 1, wherein the instrument includes a circuit adapted to drive the UV-LED with a substantially stable current. 4. An instrument according to claim 1, wherein the ultra-violet sensor is solar blind. 5. An instrument according to claim 1, wherein the optical output of the ultra-violet source is adapted to facilitate identification of the said output by the UV sensor. 6. An instrument according to claim 5, wherein the form of adaptation of the output of the ultra-violet source is by modulation of the electrical input thereof. 7. An instrument according to claim 1, comprising at least two elements arranged to draw gaseous fluid into the chamber, wherein each element is associated with a filter adapted to remove particulates from gaseous fluid entering the chamber, and wherein one of the elements is associated with a filter adapted to remove ozone from gaseous fluid entering the chamber. 8. An instrument according to claim 1, further comprising a temperature sensor. 9. An instrument according to claim 7, comprising a third element arranged to draw gaseous fluid into the chamber. 10. An instrument according to claim 1, wherein the at least one element arranged to draw gaseous fluid into the chamber is a fan. 11. An instrument according to claim 1, further comprising a controller. 12. An instrument according to claim 11, wherein the controller includes an electronic filter adapted to extract that part of the output signal of the UV sensor corresponding to the input of modulated ultra-violet radiation emitted by the UV source. 13. An instrument according to claim 11, wherein the controller is programmed with an algorithm which performs the Beer-Lambert Law (C.sub.03=ln(I.sub.0)/ (I.sub.c)/.sigma.l). 14. A method of controlling the concentration of ozone in a body of gaseous fluid in a controlled environment, comprising the steps of: a) determining the concentration of ozone in the body of gaseous fluid using an instrument for determining ozone concentration in a gaseous fluid comprising a chamber, at least one filter adapted to remove particulates from gaseous fluid entering the chamber, and at least one filter adapted to remove ozone from gaseous fluid entering the chamber, at least one element arranged to draw gaseous fluid into the chamber at atmospheric pressure, an exhaust, an ultra-violet source located at one end of the chamber and configured to generate a substantially collimated beam of radiation having a wave length in the range 240 to 290 nm, and an ultra-violet sensor arranged at the other end of the chamber and configured to receive the ultra-violet light emitted by the said ultra-violet source, by performing the method steps of: i) drawing gaseous fluid through the filter adapted to remove ozone from said gaseous fluid into the chamber to fill said chamber with ozone free gaseous fluid; ii) powering the ultra-violet source and measuring the output signal of the ultra-violet sensor I.sub.0; iii) drawing gaseous fluid through the filter adapted to remove particulates from said gaseous fluid into the chamber to fill said chamber with gaseous fluid potentially burdened with ozone; iv) powering the ultra-violet source and measuring the output signal of the ultra-violet sensor I.sub.c; v) running the algorithm embodied in the controller to establish ozone concentration; vi) issuing a signal representative of ozone concentration; and b) increasing the ozone concentration in the body of gaseous fluid by introducing ozone into the body of gaseous fluid, and/or reducing the concentration of ozone in the body of gaseous fluid by venting gaseous fluid burdened with ozone from the controlled environment. 15. A method according to claim 14, including the step of measuring the temperature of the gaseous fluid in the chamber and updating a value used in said algorithm which varies with temperature. 16. A method according to claim 14, including the further step of comparing the value of I.sub.0 with threshold values in a range, wherein any value outside the range indicates a fault. 17. A method according to claim 14, including the further step of operating the element arranged to introduce into the chamber gaseous fluid burdened with a specified concentration of ozone, powering the UV-LED and comparing the output of the UV sensor with the expected output of the UV sensor in the presence of such a concentration of ozone. 18. A method according to claim 17, comprising the further step of operating the element arranged to introduce into the chamber gaseous fluid burdened with a specified concentration of ozone, and introducing gaseous fluid burdened with a further specified concentration of ozone into the chamber, powering the UV-LED and comparing the output of the UV sensor with expected output of the UV sensor for the further specified concentration of ozone in the chamber. 19. A method according to claim 18, comprising the further step of issuing an alert signal if the ozone concentration measured by the instrument deviates from the actual concentration by more than a pre-defined amount. 20. A sterilisation method comprising the steps of: i. controlling the concentration of ozone in a body of gaseous fluid in a controlled environment according to the method of claim 14; ii. monitoring and recording the concentration of ozone in a body of gaseous fluid delivered to an object to be sterilised in the controlled environment during a period of sterilization; and issuing one of two signals at the end of the period of sterilisation, the first signal indicating that ozone above a threshold level of concentration has been issued to the object being sterilised during the period, and the second signal indicating that ozone below a threshold level of concentration has been issued to the object being sterilised during the period. 