Method and apparatus for remotely controlling a fire protection system for buildings. This method of fire protection uses a wireless or wired control system to remotely activate a fire protection system by sending it an activation signal or activation message wherein one or more commands can configure the system with specified operation instructions. The system utilizes roof top sprinklers and may additionally utilize existing irrigation systems or additional zones only used during the prevention of wildfires to wet down area in advance of fires. The system can be controlled by various municipal fire authorities that are given the authority to control fires. Immediate control of the system is always available to the transmitting authority. When activated, the central processor communicates to the authority that activated the fire protection system. The central processor transmits information back to the transmitting authority such as but not limited to water flow confirmation, water pressure, air temperature, roof temperature, wind direction, humidity and still or live images of the protected property.
Claims 1. A method of remote and individual control of a plurality of individual residential and commercial fire protection systems, comprising: sending a control signal from a transmitting authority to an individual residential and/or commercial fire protection system to activate the fire protection system; and sending information regarding the status of the fire protection system to the transmitting authority. 2-16. (canceled) 17. A method of controlling or preventing residential or commercial fires comprising activating and individually controlling a plurality of water valves, water hoses and associated water nozzles using if available: a) existing irrigation system water valves and water nozzles; b) watering devices installed in fire fuel areas like trees, bushes and brush near the structure; c) watering devices installed to protect specific structures on or near the home such as decks, fences, sheds, roofs, exterior walls, vents, skylights, roof-mounted components such as solar panels and solar water heaters, roof features such as eves and overhangs, doors or areas determined to be at high risk of collecting wind blown embers. 18-19. (canceled) 20. A fire protection system comprising two-way communication equipment configured to communicate with a central fire authority or centralized monitoring tool, wherein information is transmitted back and forth between the fire protection system and a central fire authority or centralized monitoring tool. 21. The fire protection system of claim 20, wherein the two-way communication equipment is configured to use UHF or VHF frequencies of one way or two way pager facilities of a local pager company. 22. The fire protection system of claim 20, wherein the two-way communication equipment is configured to use phone lines, cellular phone facilities or digital communication over a wireless digital network 23. The fire protection system of claim 20, wherein the two-way communication equipment is configured to use Wifi, Ethernet networks, broadband wide area wireless networks. 24. The fire protection system of claim 20, wherein the two-way communication equipment is configured to use satellite communication. 25. The fire protection system of claim 20, further comprising remote wired or wireless: heat sensor, temperature sensor, humidity sensor, air pressure sensor, infrared sensor, ultraviolet sensors or one or more of a combination of these sensors. 26. The fire protection system of claim 20, further comprising a web based applications or portable web based hand held devices. 27. The fire protection system of claim 20, wherein the two-way communication equipment is configured to use a home alarm system wherein information is transmitted back and forth between the fire protection system and the home alarm system's monitoring service. 28. The fire protection system of claim 20, wherein the fire protection system is programmed to automatically or based on sensor readings initiate communication with a central fire authority or centralized monitoring tool to perform at least one of the following functions: (a) Exchange environmental and system readings from a plurality of onsite sensors; (b) Receive control instructions; and (c) Receive synchronization instructions 29. The fire protection system of claim 28, wherein the environmental data sensor readings include water flow confirmation, water pressure, water usage, air temperature, roof temperature, wind speed, wind direction, humidity and still, live, infrared or thermal images of the protected property. 30. The fire protection system of claim 28, wherein the system readings are system diagnostic information. 31. The fire protection system of claim 28, wherein the control instructions contain station runtime settings, the station runtime settings including cycle time, duration, start and stop intervals and the sequence and timing of zone and valve operation. 32. The fire protection system of claim 28, wherein the synchronization data includes a schedule that determines when each unit is allowed to operate so as to minimize the number of units active at the same time to preserve water pressure. 33. The fire protection system of claim 28, wherein the central fire authority or centralized monitoring tool automatically or based on inputs from the fire authority or centralized monitoring tool initiates communication to the fire protection system. 34. The fire protection system of claim 28, wherein the sensors form a peer-to-peer mesh network with other sensors or fire protection systems. 35. The fire protection system of claim 28, wherein the sensors form a peer-to-peer mesh network with a plurality of onsite sensors. 36. The fire protection system of claim 28, wherein the remote system control unit can be remotely operated by the central fire authority. 