A device for attaching a junction box to a photovoltaic. The photovoltaic panel has a photovoltaic side and a non-photovoltaic side. The device includes a bracket with a first side attachable to the junction box and a second side attachable to the non-photovoltaic surface of the photovoltaic panel. A central fastener is attachable at one end to the bracket and a plate is adapted for connecting to the other end of the central fastener and for mounting on the photovoltaic side of the photovoltaic panel. One or more rotatable spacers, connectible to the central fastener, may be located on the non-photovoltaic side of the photovoltaic panel. One or more fixed spacers may be located on the non-photovoltaic side connectible to the bracket.
Claims 1. A device for attaching a junction box to a photovoltaic panel having a photovoltaic side and a non-photovoltaic side, the device comprising: a bracket with a first side attachable to the junction box and a second side attachable to the non-photovoltaic side; a central fastener attachable at one end to said bracket; and a plate adapted for connection to the other end of said central fastener, wherein said plate is adapted for mounting on the photovoltaic panel. 2. The device of claim 1, wherein said plate is adapted for mounting on the photovoltaic side of the photovoltaic panel. 3. The device of claim 1, further comprising a rotatable spacer located on the non-photovoltaic side connectible to said central fastener. 4. The device of claim 1, further comprising a fixed spacer located on the non-photovoltaic side connected to said bracket. 5. The device of claim 1, wherein said bracket attaches to respective non-photovoltaic sides of two adjacent photovoltaic panels, wherein said central fastener extends between respective edges of said two adjacent photovoltaic panels. 6. The device of claim 5, wherein said two adjacent panels are electrically connectible within the junction box. 7. The device of claim 1, wherein the bracket attaches to respective non-photovoltaic sides of four adjacent photovoltaic panels, wherein said central fastener extends between respective corners of said four adjacent photovoltaic panels. 8. The device of claim 7, wherein said four adjacent panels are electrically connectible within the junction box. 9. A method for attaching a junction box to a photovoltaic panel having a photovoltaic side and a non-photovoltaic side, the method comprising: attaching a first side of a bracket to the junction box and attaching a second side of said bracket to the non-photovoltaic side; and operatively connecting a plate on the photovoltaic side of the photovoltaic panel, to said bracket by a central fastener. 10. The method of claim 9, further comprising attaching said central fastener at one to said bracket and at another end to said plate. 11. The method of claim 9, further comprising connecting a spacer located on the non-photovoltaic side to said central fastener. 12. The method of claim 9, wherein said spacer is rotatable around said central fastener. 13. The method of claim 9, wherein said plate is rotatable around said central fastener. 14. The method of claim 9, further comprising attaching said bracket to non-photovoltaic sides of two adjacent photovoltaic panels; and extending said central fastener between respective edges of two adjacent photovoltaic panels. 15. The method of claim 14, further comprising electrically connecting said two adjacent photovoltaic panels within the junction box. 16. The method of claim 9, further comprising: attaching said bracket to non-photovoltaic sides of four adjacent photovoltaic panels; and extending said central fastener between respective corners of said four adjacent photovoltaic panels. 17. The method of claim 16, further comprising electrically connecting said four adjacent photovoltaic panels within the junction box. 