A method of forming a multifunction solar cell including an upper subcell, a middle subcell, and a lower subcell by providing a substrate for the epitaxial growth of semiconductor material; forming a first solar subcell on the substrate having a first band gap; forming a second solar subcell over the first solar subcell having a second band gap smaller than the first band gap; forming a graded interlayer over the second subcell, the graded interlayer having a third band gap greater than the second band gap; forming a third solar subcell over the graded interlayer having a fourth band gap smaller than the second band gap such that the third subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to the second subcell; and forming a contact composed of a sequence of layers over the first subcell at a temperature of 280.degree. C. or less and having a contact resistance of less than 5.times.10.sup.-4 ohms-cm.sup.2.
Claims 1. A method of forming a multifunction solar cell comprising an upper subcell, a middle subcell, and a lower subcell, the method comprising: providing a first substrate for the epitaxial growth of semiconductor material; forming an upper first solar subcell on said first substrate having a first band gap; forming a middle second solar subcell over said first solar subcell having a second band gap smaller than said first band gap; forming a graded interlayer over said second solar cell; forming a lower third solar subcell over said graded interlayer having a fourth band gap smaller than said second band gap such that said third subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to said second subcell; and forming a contact having a contact resistance of less than 2.times.10.sup.-4 ohms-cm.sup.2 over said first subcell at a temperature of 210.degree. C. or less. 2. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the graded interlayer has a third band gap greater than said second band gap. 3. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the contact includes germanium and palladium. 4. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the contact is sintered at 205.degree. C. 5. The method as defined in claim 4, wherein the sintering time is approximately 35 minutes or less. 6. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the contact is a sequence of layers including Pd/Ge/Ti/Pd. 7. The method as defined claim 6, wherein the contact is sintered for approximately 5 minutes at 280.degree. C. 8. The method as defined in claim 7, wherein the contact resistance is less than 5.times.10.sup.-6 ohms-cm.sup.2. 9. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the contact is composed of a Pd/Ge/Ti/Pd/Ag/Au sequence of layers. 10. A method as defined in claim 9, wherein the contact layers are deposited by e-beam evaporation. 11. A method as defined in claim 4, wherein the sintering is performed in ambient atmosphere on a hot plate. 12. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the upper subcell is composed of InGa(Al)P. 13. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the middle subcell is composed of an GaAs, GaInP, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN emitter region and a GaAs, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN base region. 14. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the lower solar subcell is composed of an InGaAs base and emitter layer, or a InGaAs base layer and a InGaP emitter layer. 15. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the graded interlayer is compositionally graded to lattice match the middle subcell on one side and the lower subcell on the other side. 16. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the graded interlayer is composed of InGaAlAs. 17. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the graded interlayer has approximately a 1.5 eV band gap throughout its thickness. 18. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the graded interlayer is composed of any of the As, P, N, Sb based III-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the second solar cell and less than or equal to that of the second solar cell and less than or equal to that of the third solar cell, and having a band gap energy greater than that of the second solar cell. 19. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein said graded interlayer is composed of nine or more steps of layers of semiconductor material with monotonically changing lattice constant and constant band gap. 20. The method as defined in claim 1, further comprising attaching a surrogate second substrate over said contact and removing said first substrate. 21. The method as defined in claim 20, further comprising: patterning said contact layer into a grid; and etching a trough around the periphery of said solar cell so as to form a mesa structure on said surrogate second substrate. 22. A method as defined in claim 20, further comprising thinning the surrogate substrate and mounting the solar cell on a support. 23. A method as defined in claim 20, further comprising removing the surrogate substrate and mounting the solar cell on a support. 24. A method as defined in claim 20, wherein the support is a rigid coverglass. 25. A method of manufacturing a solar cell comprising: providing a first semiconductor substrate for the epitaxial growth of semiconductor material; forming a first subcell on said substrate comprising a first semiconductor material with a first band gap and a first lattice constant; forming a second subcell comprising a second semiconductor material with a second band gap and a second lattice constant, wherein the second band gap is less than the first band gap and the second lattice constant is greater than the first lattice constant; and forming a lattice constant transition material positioned between the first subcell and the second subcell, said lattice constant transition material having a lattice constant that changes gradually from the first lattice constant to the second lattice constant; and forming a contact to said solar cell at a temperature of 280.degree. C. or less, and having a contact resistance of less than 5.times.10.sup.-4 ohms-cm.sup.2. 26. The method as defined in claim 25, wherein the contact includes germanium and palladium. 27. The method as defined in claim 25, wherein the contact is sintered at 205.degree. C. 28. The method as defined in claim 27, wherein the sintering time is approximately 35 minutes or less. 29. The method as defined in claim 25, wherein the contact includes a Pd/Ge/Ti/Pd sequence of layers. 30. The method as defined in claim 29, wherein the contact is Pd/Ge/Ti/Pd/Au or Pd/Ge/Ti/Pd/Ag/Au. 31. The method as defined in claim 30, wherein the contact resistance is less than 5.times.10.sup.-6 ohms-cm.sup.2. 32. The method as defined in claim 25 wherein the contact layer is composed of GaAs. 33. A method as defined in claim 30, wherein said contact resistance is approximately 1.times.10.sup.-4 ohms-cm.sup.2. 34. A method as defined in claim 25, wherein said first subcell is composed of an GaInP, GaSa, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN emitter region and an GaAs, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN base region. 35. A method as defined in claim 25, wherein the second subcell is composed of an InGaAs base and emitter regions. 36. A method as defined in claim 25, wherein said transition material is composed of any of the As, P, N, Sb based III-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the first subcell and less than or equal to that of the second subcell, and having a band gap energy greater than that of the first subcell. 37. A method as defined in claim 25, wherein the transition material is composed of (In.sub.xGa.sub.1-x).sub.yAl.sub.1-yAs, with x and y selected such that the band gap of the transition material remains constant at a band gap energy greater than that of said first subcell. 38. A method as defined in claim 25, wherein the band gap of the transition material remains constant at approximately 1.50 eV. 39. A method of manufacturing a solar cell comprising: providing a first semiconductor substrate; depositing on a first substrate a sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming a solar cell; forming a contact on said solar cell having a resistance of less than 5.times.10.sup.-4 ohms-cm.sup.2; mounting a surrogate second substrate on top of the sequence of layers; and removing the first substrate. 40. The method as defined in claim 39, wherein the contact includes germanium and palladium. 41. The method as defined in claim 39, wherein the contact is sintered at 205.degree. C. 42. The method as defined in claim 41, wherein the sintering time is approximately 35 minutes or less. 43. The method as defined in claim 39, wherein the contact is a Pd/Ge/Ti/Pd/Au sequence of layers. 44. The method as defined in claim 43, wherein the contact is sintered for approximately 35 minutes. 45. The method as defined in claim 44, wherein the contact resistance is approximately 1.times.10.sup.-4 ohms-cm.sup.2. 46. The method as defined in claim 39, wherein the sequence of layers of semiconductor material forms a triple junction solar cell, including top, middle and bottom solar subcells. 47. The method as defined in claim 39, wherein the mounting step includes adhering the solar cell to the surrogate substrate. 48. The method as defined in claim 39, wherein the surrogate substrate is selected from the group of sapphire, Ge, GaAs, or silicon. 49. The method as defined in claim 39, wherein the solar cell is bonded to said surrogate substrate by an adhesive. 50. The method as defined in claim 39, wherein the solar cell is eutectically bonded to the surrogate substrate. 51. The method as defined in claim 39, further comprising thinning the surrogate substrate to a predetermined thickness. 52. The method as defined in claim 39, further mounting the solar cell on a rigid coverglass; and removing the surrogate substrate. 53. The method as defined in claim 52, wherein the support is a rigid coverglass. 54. A method as defined in claim 39, wherein said middle and bottom subcells are lattice mismatched. 55. A method as defined in claim 39, further comprising a graded interlayer disposed between said middle and bottom subcells, and has a band gap greater than the band gap of said middle subcell. 56. A method as defined in claim 55, wherein said graded interlayer is composed of any of the As, P, N, Sb based III-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the middle subcell and less than or equal to that of the bottom subcell. 57. A method as defined in claim 56, wherein the graded interlayer is composed of (In.sub.xGa.sub.1-x).sub.yAl.sub.1-yAs, with x and y selected such that the band gap of the interlayer remains constant at approximately 1.50 eV. 58. A multifunction solar cell comprising: a first solar subcell having a first band gap; a second solar subcell disposed over the first solar subcell having a second band gap smaller than the first band gap; a graded interlayer disposed over the second-subcell having a third band gap greater than the second band gap; a third solar subcell disposed over the graded interlayer having a fourth band gap smaller than the second band gap such that the third subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to the second subcell; and a contact disposed over the first subcell having a contact resistance of less than 5.times.10.sup.-4 ohms-cm.sup.2. 59. A method of forming a semiconductor device comprising: providing a substrate for the epitaxial growth of semiconductor material; forming first active layer on said substrate; forming a second active layer over said first active layer; and forming an electrical contact having a contact resistance of less than 2.times.10.sup.-4 ohms-cm.sup.2 over said second active layer at a temperature of 210.degree. C. or less. 