A photovoltaic power system can include a photovoltaic array, an inverter, and a battery.
Claims 1. A method for reducing power output rate change variability comprising: receiving photovoltaic power output from a photovoltaic array; measuring a rate of change of the photovoltaic power output; and adjusting an auxiliary power source output to limit an output power rate of change within a power output rate change band when combined with the photovoltaic power, wherein the power output rate change band defines a maximum allowable positive and a maximum allowable negative limit for the plant power output rate of change. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein adjusting the auxiliary power source output comprises adjusting a power output of a stored energy system. 3. The method of claim 2, wherein the stored energy system is a high rate rechargeable source with limited energy storage. 4. The method of claim 2, wherein the stored energy system is a low rate rechargeable auxiliary power source with large energy storage. 5. The method of claim 2, wherein the energy storage system uses either a mechanical or electrical device for converting and storing energy. 6. The method of claim 2, wherein the stored energy system is one of an electrolytic cell device, a capacitor, a lead-acid battery, a nickel-cadmium battery, a sodium battery, a lithium-ion battery, a flow battery, or a mechanical kinetic and/or potential energy storage device. 7. The method of claim 2, further comprising increasing an amount of stored energy in the stored energy system when a photovoltaic output power rate of change exceeds a positive limit of the power output rate change band. 8. The method of claim 2, further comprising decreasing photovoltaic power when a photovoltaic output power rate of change exceeds a positive limit of the power output rate change band. 9. The method of claim 2, further comprising maintaining a constant amount of stored energy in the stored energy system when a photovoltaic output power rate of change is within the power output rate change band. 10. The method of claim 2, further comprising decreasing an amount of stored energy in the stored energy system when a photovoltaic output power rate of change exceeds a negative limit of the power output rate change band. 11. The method of claim 2, wherein the output power rate change band is defined by a normal positive power rate change limit and a normal negative power rate change limit. 12. The method of claim 11, further comprising establishing a secondary positive power rate change limit and a secondary negative power rate change limit. 13. The method of claim 12, further comprising establishing an upper capacity limit and a lower capacity limit for the stored energy system to determine the transition from a normal to a secondary power rate change limit. 14. The method of claim 12, further comprising establishing an upper capacity hysteresis limit and a lower capacity hysteresis limit for the stored energy system to determine the transition from a secondary to a normal rate change limit. 15. The method of claim 12, further comprising switching to the secondary positive power rate change limit when a level of stored energy falls below a lower capacity limit to facilitate faster charging of the stored energy system when the output power rate of change is positive. 16. The method of claim 12, further comprising returning to the normal positive power rate change limit when a level of stored energy in the stored energy system rises above a lower capacity hysteresis limit. 17. The method of claim 12, further comprising switching to the secondary negative power rate change limit when a level of stored energy rises above an upper capacity limit to facilitate faster discharging of the stored energy system when the output power rate of change is negative. 18. The method of claim 12, further comprising returning to the normal negative power rate change limit when a level of stored energy in the stored energy system falls below an upper capacity hysteresis limit. 19. The method of claim 2, further comprising dispatching plant output power following a dispatch set point. 20. The method of claim 19, wherein the dispatch set point is constant. 21. The method of claim 19, wherein the dispatch set point is derived from a schedule comprising a series of different points. 22. The method of claim 19, further comprising increasing a level of stored energy in the stored energy system when a photovoltaic output power is greater than a dispatch set point. 23. The method of claim 19, further comprising lowering a level of stored energy in the stored energy system when a photovoltaic output power is less than a dispatch set point. 24. The method of claim 19, further comprising limiting a rate of change of a combined photovoltaic power and stored energy system to operate within the power output rate change band when a dispatch set point is changed. 25. The method of claim 1, wherein adjusting the auxiliary power source output comprises adjusting a power output of an alternative generation device. 26. The method of claim 25, wherein the alternative generation device is one of a fuel cell, a wind turbine generator, a flywheel generator, a gas fueled combustion prime mover-generator, a liquid fueled prime mover-generator, a compressed-gas powered prime mover-generator, or combinations thereof, including an air-powered prime mover-generator. 27. The method of claim 25, further comprising maintaining a constant auxiliary power when a photovoltaic output power rate of change is within the power output rate change band. 28. The method of claim 25, further comprising reducing auxiliary power when a photovoltaic output power rate of change exceeds a positive limit of the power output rate change band. 29. The method of claim 25, further comprising increasing auxiliary power when a photovoltaic output power rate of change exceeds a negative limit of the power output rate change band. 30. The method of claim 25, further comprising decreasing photovoltaic power when a photovoltaic output power rate of change exceeds a positive limit of the power output rate change band. 31. The method of claim 25, further comprising maintaining plant output power at a constant level if photovoltaic output power increases or decreases. 32. The method of claim 1, further comprising establishing a plurality of inertial set points to further suppress the rate of plant output power rate of change when transitioning from a first power rate change condition to a second power rate change condition. 33. The method of claim 1, further comprising measuring an irradiance condition proximate to the photovoltaic array and adjusting the plant output power rate of change based on the irradiance condition. 34. The method of claim 33, further comprising reducing the plant output power rate of change when the measured irradiance reaches a minimum or maximum value. 35. The method of claim 33, further comprising adjusting the rate at which stored energy is increased in the stored energy system, up to the allowable positive power rate change limit, when the irradiance measurement is increasing. 36. The method of claim 33, further comprising adjusting the rate at which stored energy is decreased in the stored energy system, up to the allowable negative power rate change limit, when the irradiance measurement is decreasing. 37. The method of claim 33, further comprising adjusting the rate at which auxiliary power is decreased, up to the allowable positive power rate change limit, when the irradiance measurement is increasing. 38. The method of claim 33, further comprising adjusting the rate at which auxiliary power is increased, up to the allowable negative power rate change limit, when the irradiance measurement is decreasing. 39. The method of claim 1, further comprising establishing plant operation to follow an energy/power schedule based on a solar energy production forecast for each hour of production. 40. The method of claim 39, further comprising establishing an upper and a lower power forecast limit based on the forecasted average power within an hour period. 41. The method of claim 39, further comprising adjusting the auxiliary power or a level of stored energy in the stored energy system to maintain the plant output power rate of change to within the power output rate change band when plant output power is within the upper and lower power forecast limits. 42. The method of claim 39, further comprising decreasing a level of stored energy in the stored energy system to maintain constant plant output power when the plant output power approaches the lower power forecast limit. 43. The method of claim 39, further comprising increasing the amount of stored energy in the stored energy system to maintain constant plant output power when the plant output power approaches the upper power forecast limit. 44. The method of claim 39, further comprising increasing the auxiliary power to maintain constant plant output power when the plant output power approaches the lower power forecast limit. 45. The method of claim 39, further comprising decreasing the auxiliary power to maintain constant plant output power when the plant output power approaches the upper power forecast limit. 46. The method of claim 39, further comprising adjusting auxiliary power or a level energy stored in the stored energy system to maintain the plant power output rate of change within the power output rate change band when transitioning from one scheduled hour to the next scheduled hour. 47. The method of claim 39, further comprising adjusting auxiliary power or a level of stored energy in the stored energy system to control the plant output to minimize any revenue penalties due to the net energy deviation from scheduled based on predetermined criteria associated with utility rate structures and tariffs. 48. The method of claim 1, further comprising adjusting auxiliary power or a level of stored energy level to compensate for anticipated changes in cloud cover. 49. The method of claim 48, further comprising increasing auxiliary power or a level of stored energy when cloud cover is forecast or physically detected. 50. The method of claim 48, further comprising adjusting auxiliary power or a level of stored energy in the absence of cloud cover. 51. The method of claim 48, further comprising reducing auxiliary power or a level of stored energy when no cloud cover is forecast or physically detected. 52. The method of claim 48, further comprising adjusting auxiliary power or a level of stored energy for grid frequency regulation, ancillary services, or load shifting while producing less variable output from a large, grid connected photovoltaic plant. 53. A system of generating power of reduced power output rate change variability comprising: a photovoltaic array; an inverter connected to the photovoltaic array; and an auxiliary power source, wherein the inverter produces alternating current output power to a grid. 54. The system of claim 53, further comprising a plant control system controlling the inverter and auxiliary power source, measuring the rate of change of power from the photovoltaic array, and adjusting the auxiliary power source output to limit a plant output power rate of change within a power output rate change band when combined with the photovoltaic power, wherein the power output rate change band defines a maximum allowable positive and a maximum allowable negative limit for the plant power output rate of change. 55. The system of claim 54, further comprising separate and independently adjustable set points for positive and negative power rate change limits. 56. The system of claim 55, further comprising a negative power rate change limit adjustable between 0 and -100%. 57. The system of claim 55, further comprising a positive power rate change limit adjustable between 0 and +100%. 58. The system of claim 54, further comprising set points that can be pre-set and then automatically changed by the plant control system in response to time of day; current, scheduled, or anticipated photovoltaic plant operating conditions; or current or anticipated weather conditions. 59. The system of claim 54, wherein the auxiliary power source comprises a stored energy system. 