Apparatus for monitoring the voltage of electricity supplied on a cable (121) are described. The apparatus includes a sense electrode housed in an electrically-insulative housing to form a capacitive coupling (127) between the sense electrode and the cable. The housing may be of the clamp-on type. A sense capacitor (128) of known capacitance is included, which is electrically coupled to the sense electrode and a local ground. Suitable voltage measurement circuitry (126) is connected to the sense capacitor and is responsive to voltage produced across the sense capacitor to provide an output signal representative of the voltage on the cable. The measured voltage waveform can be filtered to give the fundamental of the supply voltage, which can eliminate or reduce the effects of changes in capacitance within one cycle. A secondary capacitive (130) coupling can be formed with a related neutral wire (122) to improve stability of the voltage waveform measurement.
Claims 1. Apparatus for monitoring the voltage of electricity supplied on a cable, comprising: a sense electrode sensor unit housed in an electrically-insulative housing and configured and arranged to form a capacitive coupling between the sense electrode and the cable; a sense capacitor disposed in the housing and of known capacitance, wherein the sense capacitor is electrically coupled to the sense electrode and, without direct physical connection, capacitively coupled to a local ground; and a voltage measurement circuit connected to the sense capacitor and responsive to voltage produced across the sense capacitor to provide an output signal the phase of which is representative of the phase of the voltage on the cable. 2. Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein a capacitive coupling between the sense capacitor and the local ground is formed by a ground plane of the voltage measurement circuit and the local ground. 3. Apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising a second sense electrode connected to the voltage measurement circuit, wherein a capacitive coupling between the sense capacitor and the local ground is formed by the second sense electrode and the local ground. 4. Apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising a filter connected to the sense capacitor and configured and arranged to pass the fundamental of the supply voltage measured from the cable and produce a filtered output signal. 5. Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the voltage measurement circuit is configured and arranged to average the filtered output signal over a time period. 6. Apparatus according to claim 5, wherein the time period is from about 0.1 second to about 1.0 second. 7. Apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising a data communication circuit powered from a power supply circuit and responsive to the output signal to transmit data representative of the output signal to an external receiver. 8. Apparatus according to claim 7, further comprising a power supply configured and arranged to supply power to the data communication circuit. 9. Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the housing is clampable over the cable. 10. Apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising a user display unit having an electrically-insulative housing, separate from the sensor but in wired or wireless communication with the sensor to display information relating to a line voltage derived from the output signal. 11. Apparatus according to claim 10, in which the display unit comprises a rechargeable internal battery. 12. Apparatus according to claim 11, in which the display unit comprises a solar power panel arranged to power the display unit and/or to recharge the internal battery. 13. Apparatus according to claim 10, in which the display unit comprises a display screen and a data processor arranged to display text and/or graphics on the screen relating to the consumption of electricity. 14. Apparatus according to claim 10, in which the display unit comprises a light-emitting display and a driver for controlling that display to indicate the status of the apparatus. 15. Apparatus according to claim 14, in which the light-emitting display comprises ail array of coloured LEDs. 16. Apparatus according to claim 1, in which the voltage measurement circuit includes a means for storing electrical energy. 17. Apparatus according to claim 16, wherein the means for storing electrical energy comprises is a rechargeable battery. 18. Apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising a public display unit, separate from the sensor unit and from any user display unit, but in wired or wireless communication with the sensor unit to display information relating to the consumption of electricity including information derived from the output signal. 19. Apparatus according to claim 1, comprising a computer network interconnecting the sensor unit with other data processing units for communicating with the user and/or the supplier of the electricity. 20. Apparatus according to claim 19, in which the computer network is connected to the Internet. 21. Apparatus according to claim 20, in which the computer network comprises a data processor configured for customer relationship management between the user and the supplier of the electricity. 22. Apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising a secondary sense capacitor configured and arranged to be connected to a neutral wire operational with the cable. 23. Apparatus according to claim 22, further comprising a housing portion configured and arranged to form a secondary clamp-on connection with a neutral line associated with the cable. 24. Apparatus according to claim 23, wherein the secondary clamp-on connection is included in a second housing. 25. Apparatus for monitoring the voltage of electricity supplied on a cable, comprising: a sense electrode sensor unit housed in an electrically-insulative housing and configured and arranged to form a capacitive coupling between the sense electrode and the cable; a sense capacitor disposed in the housing and of known capacitance, wherein the sense capacitor is electrically coupled to the sense electrode and, without direct physical connection, capacitively coupled to a neutral line associated with a live line of the cable; and a voltage measurement circuit connected to the sense capacitor and responsive to voltage produced across the sense capacitor to provide an output signal the phase of which is representative of the phase of the voltage on the cable. 26. Apparatus according to claim 25, further comprising a filter connected to the sense capacitor and configured and arranged to pass the fundamental of the supply voltage measured from the cable and produce a filtered output signal. 27. Apparatus according to claim 25, wherein the voltage measurement circuit is configured and arranged to average the filtered output signal over a time period. 28. Apparatus according to claim 27, wherein the time period is from about 0.1 second to about 1.0 second. 