Certain embodiments of the invention may include systems and methods for controlling power ramp rates in renewable variable power generation systems. According to an exemplary embodiment of the invention, a method is provided for limiting power ramp rates. The method can include regulating collective power output of a plurality of variable energy sources by monitoring collective power output of the plurality of variable energy sources, predicting collective available power levels of the variable energy sources based at least in part on ramp rate limits, modifying the predicted collective available power levels based at least in part on the limiting rate of change of the predicted collective available power levels, determining a power regulation setpoint, generating a net power command signal based at least in part on the power regulation setpoint or the modified predicted collective available power levels, generating a plurality of power control signals based at least in part on the net power command signal, and controlling collective power output of the plurality of variable energy sources with the plurality of power control signals.
Claims 1. A method for regulating collective power output of a plurality of variable energy sources, the method comprising: monitoring collective power output of the plurality of variable energy sources; predicting collective available power levels of the plurality of variable energy sources based at least in part on ramp rate limits; modifying the predicted collective available power levels based at least in part on limiting the rate of change of the predicted collective available power levels; determining a power regulation setpoint; generating a net power command signal based at least in part on the power regulation setpoint or the modified predicted collective available power levels; generating a plurality of power control signals based at least in part on the net power command signal; and controlling collective power output of the plurality of variable energy sources with the plurality of power control signals. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein predicting collective available power levels is based at least in part on a first desired collective power ramp rate over a first time duration and a second desired collective power ramp rate over a second time duration. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the predicted collective available power levels are operable to control collective power output of the variable energy sources wherein the collective rate of change of power output of the variable energy sources does not exceed the first desired collective power ramp rate over the first duration and does not exceed the second desired collective power ramp rate over the second time duration. 4. The method of claim 3, wherein modifying the predicted collective available power levels is based at least in part on a desired collective power ramp rate. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein controlling collective power output of the plurality of variable energy sources further comprises communicating a power reference signal to the plurality of variable energy sources wherein the power reference signal is determined as a minimum of the modified predicted collective available power levels and the power regulator setpoint. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein controlling collective power output of the plurality of variable energy sources is further based on power ratings of the plurality of variable energy sources. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein generating a power regulation setpoint comprises providing an active power setpoint or an apparent power setpoint. 8. A variable energy power regulator system, comprising: a controller operable to: monitor collective power output of a plurality of variable energy sources; predict collective available power levels of the plurality of variable energy sources based at least in part on ramp rate limits; modify the predicted collective available power levels based at least in part on limiting the rate of change of the predicted collective available power levels; determine a power regulation setpoint; generate a net power command signal based at least in part on the power regulation setpoint or on the modified predicted collective available power levels; generate a plurality of power control signals based at least in part on the net power command signal; and control collective power output of the plurality of variable energy sources with the plurality of power control signals. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein the controller is further operable to generate predicted collective available power levels based at least in part on a first desired collective power ramp rate over a first time duration and a second desired collective power ramp rate over a second time duration. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein predicted collective available power levels are operable to control collective power output of the variable energy sources wherein the collective rate of change of power output of the variable energy sources does not exceed the first desired collective power ramp rate over the first duration and does not exceed the second desired collective power ramp rate over the second time duration. 11. The system of claim 8, wherein the controller is further operable to modify the predicted collective available power levels based at least in part on a desired collective power ramp rate. 12. The system of claim 8, wherein the controller is further operable to control collective power output of the plurality of variable energy sources by communicating a power reference signal to the plurality of variable energy sources wherein the power reference signal is determined as the minimum of the modified predicted collective available power levels and the power regulator setpoint. 13. The system of claim 8, wherein the controller is further operable to control collective power output of the plurality of variable energy sources based on power ratings of the plurality of variable energy sources. 14. The system of claim 8, wherein the controller is further operable generate a power regulation setpoint comprises an active power setpoint or an apparent power setpoint. 15. A solar farm, comprising: a plurality of variable energy sources and inverters operable to collectively supply electrical power to a utility system; and a variable energy power regulator system operable to: monitor collective power output of the plurality of variable energy sources and inverters; predict collective available power levels of the plurality of variable energy sources and inverters based at least in part on ramp rate limits; modify the predicted collective available power levels based at least in part on limiting the rate of change of the predicted collective available power levels; determine a power regulation setpoint; generate a net farm power command signal based at least in part on the power regulation setpoint or the modified predicted collective available power levels; generate a plurality of power control signals based at least in part on the net farm power command signal; and control collective power output of the plurality of variable energy sources and inverters with the plurality of power control signals. 16. The solar farm of claim 15, wherein the variable energy power regulator system comprises a processor operable to execute machine-readable instructions configured to compute a first predicted available power based on a first collective power ramp rate limit over a first ramp rate time duration and a second predicted available power based on a second collective power ramp rate limit over a second time duration. 17. The solar farm of claim 16, wherein the processor is further operable to control collective power output of the plurality of variable energy sources by communicating a power reference signal to the plurality of variable energy sources and inverters via a closed loop PID feedback control system, wherein the power reference signal is determined as the minimum of the modified predicted collective available power levels and the power regulator setpoint. 18. The solar farm of claim 16, wherein the processor is further operable to modify the predicted collective available power levels based at least in part on desired collective power ramp rates. 19. The solar farm of claim 16, wherein the processor is further operable to control collective power output of the plurality of variable energy sources and inverters based on power ratings of the plurality of variable energy sources and inverters. 20. The solar farm of claim 16, wherein the processor is further operable to generate a power regulation setpoint comprising an active power setpoint or an apparent power setpoint. 