A method of calibrating a light source used to simulate the sun in solar cell testing apparatus. The method comprises using a control cell to measure the intensity of light from the light source at a first wavelength range as a function of output short circuit current, comparing the measured intensity to a targeted intensity value, optionally adjusting power to the light source until the measured intensity is substantially equal to the targeted intensity value, repeatedly using a calibrated monitoring module to periodically measure monitoring measured values for monitoring module output short circuit current, monitoring module output open circuit voltage and monitoring module quantum efficiency, obtaining average values for monitoring module output short circuit current, monitoring module output open circuit voltage and monitoring module quantum efficiency, comparing the measured values with the average values, and determining if differences in measured values and average values are within an acceptable limit.
Claims 1. A method of calibrating a light source used as a solar simulator in solar cell testing apparatus comprising: a) using a control cell to measure the intensity of light from the light source at a first wavelength range, the intensity being measured as a function of output short circuit current of the control cell; b) comparing the measured intensity to a targeted intensity value; c) optionally adjusting power to the light source until the measured intensity is substantially equal to the targeted intensity value; d) using a calibrated monitoring module to periodically measure monitoring measured values for monitoring module output short circuit current, monitoring module output open circuit voltage and monitoring module quantum efficiency; e) repeating step d) and obtaining average values for monitoring module output short circuit current, monitoring module output open circuit voltage and monitoring module quantum efficiency; f) comparing the measured values obtained in step d) with the average values obtained in step e); and g) determining if differences in the measured values obtained in step d) and the average values obtained in step e) are within an acceptable limit. 2. The method of calibrating a light source of claim 1, further comprising, in step a), using a control cell to measure the intensity of light from the light source at a second wavelength range, the intensity being measured as a function of output short circuit current of the control cell and calculating a ratio of light intensity at the first and second wavelengths to provide a measured intensity ratio, and in step b) comparing the measured intensity ratio to a targeted intensity ratio value. 3. The method of calibrating a light source of claim 1, wherein when the differences obtained in step g) are greater than an acceptable value, the method further comprising: h) using a calibrated reference module to obtain reference module measured values for reference module output short circuit current, reference module output open circuit voltage and reference module quantum efficiency; i) comparing the reference module measured values obtained in step h) to calibrated values for output short circuit current, open circuit voltage and quantum efficiency; and j) determining if differences in measured values obtained in step h) and calibrated values are within an acceptable limit. 4. The method of calibrating a light source of claim 1, wherein when the differences obtained in step j) are greater than an acceptable value, the method further comprising: k) adjusting power to the light source until the measured output short circuit current is within the acceptable limit. 5. The method of calibrating a light source of claim 4, further comprising: l) repeating step h); m) comparing the reference module measured values obtained in step l) to calibrated values for output short circuit current, open circuit voltage and quantum efficiency; and n) determining if differences in measured values obtained in step l) and calibrated values are within an acceptable limit. 6. The method of calibrating a light source of claim 5, wherein when the differences obtained in step n) are less than an acceptable value, the method further comprising: o) using the calibrated reference module to obtain a reference module measured value for reference module output short circuit current; and p) determining if a difference in measured value obtained in step o) and a calibrated value is within an acceptable limit. 7. The method of calibrating a light source of claim 3, wherein steps a) through c) are performed for each solar cell measurement, steps d) through g) are performed at least once daily, and steps g) through h) are performed on a weekly basis. 8. The method of calibrating a light source of claim 1, wherein an acceptable percentage difference between the measured intensity and the targeted intensity value in b) is about 1%. 9. The method of calibrating a light source of claim 1, wherein an acceptable percentage difference in monitoring module output short circuit current determined in step g) is about 2%, an acceptable percentage difference in monitoring module output open circuit voltage determined in step g) is about 2% and an acceptable percentage difference in monitoring module quantum efficiency determined in step g) is about 4%. 10. The method of calibrating a light source of claim 3, wherein an acceptable percentage difference in monitoring module output short circuit current determined in step j) is about 1%, an acceptable percentage difference in monitoring module output open circuit voltage determined in step j) is about 1% and an acceptable percentage difference in monitoring module quantum efficiency determined in step j) is about 2%. 11. The method of calibrating a light source of claim 1, wherein the targeted maximum percentage voltage difference in n) is about 1% and the targeted maximum percentage efficiency difference in n) is about 2%. 12. The method of calibrating a light source of claim 1, wherein the control cell is a single crystal silicon cell having an appropriate band pass filter approximating tandem-junction spectra responses, has dimensions of about 2 cm.times.2 cm and is mounted in a hermetic package. 13. The method of calibrating a light source of claim 1, wherein the monitoring module comprises a junction box which is also used to monitor intensity of light from the light source and electrical connections. 14. The method of calibrating a light source of claim 3, wherein the reference module is a filtered crystal silicon module designed to match an output short circuit current, an output open circuit voltage and a quantum efficiency of an amorphous silicon module. 15. The method of calibrating a light source of claim 13, wherein the reference module is a crystal silicon solar cell module with dimensions of about 50 cm.times.50 cm and having a plurality of cells in series and an appropriate band pass filter. 16. The method of claim 2, wherein the solar cell testing apparatus is configured for measuring tandem junction solar cell modules. 17. The method of calibrating a light source of claim 1, further comprising, in step a), monitoring an intensity of light from the light source by measuring an output short circuit current of the control cell on a daily basis. 18. The method of calibrating a light source of claim 1, further comprising, in step d), measuring an output short circuit current, an output open circuit voltage and a quantum efficiency of the monitoring module on a daily basis. 19. The method of calibrating a light source of claim 3, h) further comprising measuring an output short circuit current, an output open circuit voltage and a quantum efficiency of the reference module on a weekly basis. 20. The method of calibrating a light source of claim 1, wherein the first wavelength range is in the range of about 620 nm to 750 nm. 21. The method of calibrating a light source of claim 2, wherein the second wavelength range is in the range of about 440 nm to 490 nm. 22. The method of calibrating a light source of claim 2, wherein an acceptable percentage difference between the measured intensity and the targeted intensity value in b) is about 1%. 23. The method of calibrating a light source of claim 2, wherein an acceptable percentage difference in intensity ratio measured in b) is about 3%. 24. The method of calibrating a light source of claim 2, wherein an acceptable percentage difference in monitoring module output short circuit current determined in step g) is about 2%, an acceptable percentage difference in monitoring module output open circuit voltage determined in step g) is about 2% and an acceptable percentage difference in monitoring module quantum efficiency determined in step g) is about 4%. 25. The method of calibrating a light source of claim 3, wherein an acceptable percentage difference in reference module output short circuit current determined in step j) is about 1%, an acceptable percentage difference in reference module output open circuit voltage determined in step j) is about 1% and an acceptable percentage difference in reference module quantum efficiency determined in step j) is about 2%. 