A modular linear Fresnel solar energy collection system comprises one or more reflector units having a number of spaced, elongated solar panels that extend between a pair of opposed, light-weight aluminum beams. A first drive mechanism rotates the solar panels at angles progressively increasing from the center of the two beams to their ends so that each panel reflects incident sunlight to a secondary reflector located above the panels. The secondary reflector, in turn, reflects the sunlight it receives from the solar panels onto a receiver tube mounted in a fixed position substantially concentric to a central axis extending between the two aluminum beams. A second drive mechanism is coupled to one of the beams which is operative to pivot the assembly of beams, solar panels and secondary reflector between a generally easterly direction and westerly direction in order to track the apparent movement of the sun during the course of a day.
Claims 1. A solar energy collection system, comprising: a first beam and a second beam; a number of solar panels each having a reflective surface, said solar panels extending between said first and second beams; at least one drive mechanism coupled to said solar panels and being operative to tilt respective solar panels into a position to reflect sunlight on said reflective surface thereof; a receiver tube within which a heat transfer fluid is circulated; a secondary reflector positioned so as to receive sunlight reflective from said solar panels and to reflect said sunlight onto said receiver tube to heat the heat transfer fluid therein. 2. The system of claim 1 in which said at least one drive mechanism comprises a number of drive mechanisms each including a motor having an output coupled to one end of a solar panel, said motors being operative to pivot a respective solar panel at an angle relative to said secondary reflector. 3. The system of claim 2 in which each of said drive mechanisms operates independent of the other. 4. The system of claim 1 in which said at least one drive mechanism comprises a worm gear drivingly connected to a number of follower gears each coupled to one of said solar panels, said worm gear being operative to rotate said follower gears to tilt respective solar panels relative to said secondary reflector. 5. A solar energy collector system, comprising: a first beam and a second beam; a number of solar panels, each of said solar panels including a first section formed of a light-weight honeycomb structure, a second section having a reflective surface and a third section connecting said first and second layers, said solar panels extending between said first and second beams; at least one drive mechanism coupled to said solar panels and being operative to tilt respective solar panels into a position to reflect sunlight on said reflective surface thereof; a receiver tube within which a heat transfer fluid is circulated; a secondary reflector positioned so as to receive sunlight reflected from said solar panels and to reflect said sunlight onto said receiver tube to heat the heat transfer fluid therein. 6. The system of claim 5 in which said light-weight honeycomb structure is honeycomb aluminum. 7. The system of claim 5 in which said first section has opposed sides, said first section being formed in a concave shape between said opposed sides. 8. A solar energy collection system, comprising: a first beam and a second beam; a number of solar panels each having a reflective surface, said solar panels extending between said first and second beams; a first drive mechanism coupled to said solar panels and being operative to tilt respective solar panels into a position to reflect sunlight on said reflective surface thereof; a second drive mechanism operative to pivot said first and second beams between a first position in which said solar panels face a generally easterly direction, and second position in which said solar panels face a generally westerly direction; a receiver tube within which a heat transfer fluid is circulated; a secondary reflector positioned so as to receive sunlight reflected from said solar panels and to reflect said sunlight onto said receiver tube to heat the heat transfer fluid therein. 9. The system of claim 8 in which said at least one first drive mechanism comprises a number of drive mechanisms each including a motor having an output coupled to one end of a solar panel, said motors being operative to pivot a respective solar panel at an angle relative to said secondary reflector. 10. The system of claim 8 in which said at least one first drive mechanism comprises a worm gear drivingly connected to a number of follower gears each coupled to one of said solar panels, said worm gear being operative to rotate said follower gears to tilt respective solar panels relative to said secondary reflector. 11. A solar energy collection system, comprising: a first beam and a second beam; a number of solar panels each having a reflective surface, said solar panels extending between said first and second beams; a first drive mechanism operative to pivot said first and second beams between a first position in which said solar panels face a generally easterly direction, and second position in which said solar panels face a generally westerly direction; a number of second drive mechanisms coupled to at least one of said first and second beams, each of said second drive mechanisms mounting a group of said solar panels and being operative to tilt said solar panels within a respective group in a generally northerly direction and in a generally southerly direction to reflect sunlight incident on said reflective surface thereof; a receiver tube within which a heat transfer fluid is circulated; a secondary reflector positioned so as to receive sunlight reflective from said solar panels and to reflect said sunlight onto said receiver tube to heat the heat transfer fluid therein. 12. The system of claim 11 in which each of said solar panels comprises a first section formed of a light-weight honeycomb structure, a second section having a reflective surface and a third section connecting said first and second layers. 13. The system of claim 11 in which said light-weight honeycomb structure is honeycomb aluminum. 14. The system of claim 11 in which said first section has opposed sides, said first section being formed in a concave shape between said opposed sides. 15. A solar energy collector system, comprising: a number of reflector units oriented side-by-side, each of said reflector units comprising: (i) a first beam and a second beam; (ii) a number of solar panels each having a reflective surface, said solar panels extending between said first and second beams; (iii) at least one first drive mechanism coupled to said solar panels and being operative to tilt respective solar panels into a position to reflect sunlight on said reflective surface thereof; (iv) a receiver tube within which a heat transfer fluid is circulated; (v) a secondary reflector positioned so as to receive sunlight reflected from said solar panels and to reflect said sunlight onto said receiver tube to heat the heat transfer fluid therein. 16. The system of claim 15 in which said at least one first drive mechanism of each reflector units comprises a number of drive mechanisms each including a motor having an output coupled to one end of a solar panel, said motors being operative to pivot a respective solar panel at an angle relative to said secondary reflector. 17. The system of claim 15 in which said at least one first drive mechanism of each of said reflector units is operative to tilt each of said solar panels individually, each of said reflector units further including a second drive mechanism operative to pivot said first and second beams in an easterly direction and in a westerly direction. 18. The system of claim 15 in which said solar panels of each reflector unit comprises a first section formed of a light-weight honeycomb structure, a second section having a reflective surface and a third section connecting said first and second layers. 19. The system of claim 18 in which said light-weight honeycomb structure is honeycomb aluminum. 20. The system of claim 18 in which said first section has opposed sides, said first section being formed in a concave shape between said opposed sides. 21. A solar energy collector system, comprising: a number of reflector units oriented side-by-side, each of said reflect units comprising: (i) a first beam and a second beam; (ii) a number of solar panels each having a reflective surface, said solar panels extending between said first and second beams; (iii) a first drive mechanism operative to pivot said first and second beams between a first position in which said solar panels face a generally easterly direction, and second position in which said solar panels face a generally westerly direction; (iv) a number of second drive mechanisms each mounting a group of said solar panels and being operative to tilt said solar panels within a respective group in a generally northerly direction and in a generally southerly direction to reflect sunlight incident on said reflective surface thereof; (v) a receiver tube within which a heat transfer fluid is circulated; (vi) a secondary reflector positioned so as to receive sunlight reflected from said solar panels and to reflect said sunlight onto said receiver tube to heat the heat transfer fluid therein. 22. The system of claim 21 in which said solar panels of each reflector unit comprises a first section formed of a light-weight honeycomb structure, a second section having a reflective surface and a third section connecting said first and second layers. 23. The system of claim 22 in which said light-weight honeycomb structure is honeycomb aluminum. 24. The system of claim 22 in which said first section has opposed sides, said first section being formed in a concave shape between said opposed sides. 