A combined frame for a photovoltaic module has four connecting beams and four connectors. The connecting beams are connected to each other and each connecting beam has a body, a basal panel and two miter faces. The body has a mounting segment and a connecting segment. The basal panel is formed on and protrudes from the connecting segment and has two free opposite ends. The miter faces are respectively formed obliquely on the free opposite ends of the basal panel. The connectors are connected to the connecting beams and each connector has a corner hub and two inserting bars. The corner hub has two inner adjacent surfaces, two outer adjacent surfaces and a mounting recess. The inserting bars are respectively formed on and protrude from the inner adjacent surfaces of the corner hub and are respectively mounted in the connecting segments of two adjacent connecting beams.
Claims 1. A combined frame for a photovoltaic module having four connecting beams connected to each other to form a space for holding the photovoltaic module and each connecting beam having a body having two ends; a top; a bottom; a mounting segment formed transversally on the top of the body between the ends and having an opening mounted around a sidewall of the photovoltaic module; and a connecting segment formed transversally on the bottom of the body between the ends below the mounting segment and having a channel formed through the connecting segment; and an inner side; and a basal panel formed on and protruding from the inner side of the connecting segment with the same direction as the opening of the mounting segment and having two free opposite ends; and two miter faces respectively formed obliquely on the free opposite ends of the basal panel; and four connectors connected to the connecting beams and each connector having a corner hub having two inner adjacent surfaces respectively facing to the connecting segments of two of the adjacent connecting beams; two outer adjacent surfaces being curved shaped; atop; and a mounting recess formed in the top of the corner hub, communicating with the mounting segments of the corresponding adjacent connecting beams to mount around one of the corners of the photovoltaic module; and two inserting bars respectively formed on and protruding from the inner adjacent surfaces of the corner hub, respectively mounted in the connecting segments of the corresponding adjacent connecting beams and each inserting bar has a free end inserted into the connecting segment of one of the corresponding connecting beams. 2. The combined frame as claimed in claim 1, wherein the channel of the connecting segment of the body of each connecting beam has an internal surface; and the inserting bar of each connector has an inner side; and multiple teeth formed on and protruding from the inner side of the inserting bar and abutted with the internal surface of the channel of the connecting segment of a corresponding connecting beam. 3. The combined frame as claimed in claim 2, wherein the inserting bars of the connectors are mounted in the connecting segments of the connecting beams, and the miter faces of adjacent connecting beams contact each other. 4. The combined frame as claimed in claim 3, wherein the connecting segment of the body of each connecting beam has two end edges respectively formed on the ends of the body and abutting with the inner adjacent surfaces of two adjacent corner hubs. 5. The combined frame as claimed in claim 4, wherein the angle between the miter face and the adjacent free opposite end edge of the connecting segment is 135.degree.. 6. The combined frame as claimed in claim 1, wherein the connecting segment of the body of each connecting beam has two end edges respectively formed on the ends of the body and abutting with the inner adjacent surfaces of two adjacent corner hubs. 7. The combined frame as claimed in claim 6, wherein the angle between the miter face and the adjacent free opposite end edge of the connecting segment is 135.degree.. 