A charging system for electrical vehicle batteries has a smart charge power meter with a computer control system to measure and integrate the delivered electrical power, enable/disable the charging stations and make all of the other necessary purchasing transaction steps equivalent to a gas station operation. The system may collect electricity by using whatever alternative energy system is available or can be incorporated into the charging system when it is constructed. The system may store the collected electricity in a high capacity energy storage system. The charging takes place at a charging lot which is within a secure perimeter to assure safety and prevent vandalism. The siting of charging lots is chosen to coincide with locations where vehicles are usually parked for extended times (e.g., parking lots, businesses, etc.).
Claims 1. A commercial recharging system for electric vehicles having rechargeable batteries, including: a plurality of charging outlets, each adapted to connect to the battery of an electrically powered vehicle; smart charging meter means for conducting electrical power to said plurality of charging outlets and for monitoring said charging outlets to determine customer data concerning the connection of an electrically powered vehicle to any of said plurality of charging outlets; cashier means for receiving said customer data and generating a bill of sale for a recharging service carried out through any of said plurality of charging outlets, and for carrying out a credit/debit/cash transaction to complete the sale of the recharging service; power supply means connected through said smart charging meter means to said plurality of outlets to deliver electrical power to the battery of an electric vehicle connected to a respective outlet. 2. The commercial recharging system of claim 1, wherein said plurality of charging outlets are arrayed within a charging lot having a plurality of vehicle parking spots and distributed one to each of said vehicle parking spots within the charging lot. 3. The commercial recharging system of claim 2, further including security means for protecting vehicles and recharging system equipment within said charging lot. 4. The commercial recharging system of claim 1, wherein said power supply means includes the electric power utility grid. 5. The commercial recharging system of claim 4, further including first energy storage means for receiving energy from said utility grid and storing said energy for later use by said commercial recharging system. 6. The commercial recharging system of claim 5, wherein said power supply means further includes at least one alternative energy source chosen from the group consisting of: photovoltaic solar cells, wind power, tidal power, waste heat cogeneration, and solar collector/steam turbine. 7. The commercial recharging system of claim 6, further including second energy storage means for receiving energy from said at least one alternative energy source grid and storing said alternative energy for later use by said commercial recharging system. 8. The commercial recharging system of claim 7, further including load management means connected to said first and second energy storage means, said at least one alternative energy source, and said utility grid, said load management means controlling the flow of electrical power from said sources and storage means to said plurality of charging outlets. 9. The commercial recharging system of claim 8, wherein said plurality of charging outlets, said energy storage means, and said at least one alternative energy source are arrayed within a charging lot, and further including security means for protecting vehicles and recharging system equipment within said charging lot. 10. The commercial recharging system of claim 2, wherein said cashier means includes an attendant worker to perform he credit/debit/cash transaction. 11. The commercial recharging system of claim 2, further including interface means for combining said cashier means with a separate commercial business proximate to said charging lot, whereby said credit/debit/cash transaction is carried out by said separate commercial business. 12. The commercial recharging system of claim 11, wherein said separate commercial business comprises a parking lot for vehicles. 13. The commercial recharging system of claim 11, wherein said separate business is a type chosen from the group consisting of: restaurants, retail sales outlets, transit terminals, and venues for entertainment such as sporting events, cinema, and theatre. 14. The commercial recharging system of claim 13, further including linked services and sales inducements offered by said separate commercial business to combine with said credit/debit/cash transaction. 