A solar thermal unit adapted for fitting into one or more connectors designed for receiving one or more panes of glass (2), wherein said thermal solar unit includes a fluid circuit, a light-absorbing surface (3), and a housing for the light-absorbing surface (3) and fluid circuit, which housing extends to the. rear and sides of the light-absorbing surface.
Claims 1. A solar thermal unit adapted for fitting into one or more connectors designed for receiving one or more panes of glass, wherein said thermal solar unit includes a fluid circuit, a light-absorbing surface, and a housing for the light-absorbing surface and fluid circuit, which housing extends to the rear and sides of the light-absorbing surface. 2. A solar thermal unit according to claim 1, which is adapted for mounting on at least a pair of opposing glazing bars designed for receiving one or more panes of glass. 3. A solar thermal unit according to claim 1, including a cover secured over said housing, wherein the cover is configured such that the housing and cover can be inserted together into an opening defined by at least a pair of glazing bars to a position where a surface of the cover contacts each of said glazing bars. 4. A solar thermal unit according to claim 3, wherein the cover and the housing together form a cassette for inserting into said opening defined by at least a pair of glazing bars to said position where a surface of the cover contacts each of said glazing bars. 5. A solar thermal unit according to claim 3, wherein the cover is a planar cover, and the housing is configured relative to the cover such that it does not impede the insertion of the solar thermal unit into said opening defined by at least a pair of glazing bars in a direction substantially perpendicular to the plane of the cover. 6. A solar thermal unit according to claim 1, wherein the solar thermal unit includes a cover secured over said housing, and wherein said cover projects beyond at least one side edge of the housing. 7. A solar thermal unit according to claim 1, wherein the solar thermal unit includes at least one side edge an edging strip having a thickness selected to complement a connector designed for receiving one or more panes of glass. 8. A solar thermal unit according to claim 7, wherein the edging strip is constituted by an edge portion of a cover of the thermal solar unit having a thickness selected to complement said connector. 9. A solar thermal unit according to claim 1, including a cover that is locally increased in thickness at least one edge thereof so as to complement a connector designed for receiving one or more panes of glass. 10. A solar thermal unit according to claim 9 wherein the cover includes a pane of glass with a spacer bar provided at said at least one edge thereof, and wherein the combined thickness of the cover and the spacer bar complements a connector designed for receiving one or more panes of glass. 11. A solar thermal unit according to claim 1, including a cover and a connector component for providing beyond the edge of the cover a projecting structure having a thickness selected to complement a connector designed for receiving one or more panes of glass. 12. A solar thermal unit according to claim 11, wherein said cover is secured over said housing, and wherein the connector component is configured such that the housing, cover and connector component can be inserted together into an opening defined by at least a pair of glazing bars to a position where a surface of the projecting structure contacts each of said glazing bars. 13. A solar thermal unit according to claim 12, wherein the cover, the housing and the connector component together form a cassette for inserting into said opening defined by at least a pair of glazing bars to said position where a surface of the projecting structure contacts each of said glazing bars. 14. A solar thermal unit according to claim 12, wherein the cover is a planar cover, and the housing is configured relative to the cover such that it does not impede the insertion of the solar thermal unit into said opening defined by at least a pair of glazing bars in a direction substantially perpendicular to the plane of the cover. 15. A solar thermal unit according to claim 11, wherein said fluid circuit and said cover is secured over said housing, and wherein said projecting structure projects beyond at least one side edge of the housing. 16. A solar thermal unit according to claim 1, including a cover provided over said housing, and wherein the solar thermal unit includes a structure secured to the housing other than via the cover and which in combination with the cover provides a male connector that complements a female connector designed for receiving one or more panes of glass. 17. A method of installing a solar thermal unit according to claim 1, the method including using a connector designed for receiving one or more panes of glass to support the solar thermal unit. 18. A method according to claim 17, including providing a pair of integrated connectors each designed for receiving one or more panes of glass, using one of said connectors to support one or more panes of glass, and using the other of said connectors to support a thermal solar unit. 19. A method according to claim 17, including mounting the solar thermal unit on at least a pair of glazing bars designed for receiving one or more panes of glass. 20. A method according to claim 19, wherein the solar thermal unit includes a cover secured over said housing, and including the step of inserting the housing and cover together into an opening defined by at least a pair of glazing bars to a position where a surface of the cover contacts each of said glazing bars. 21. A method according to claim 20, wherein the cover and the housing together form a cassette, and including inserting said cassette into said opening defined by at least a contacts each of said glazing bars. 22. A method according to claim 20, wherein the cover is a planar cover, and including inserting the solar thermal unit into said opening defined by at least a pair of glazing bars in a direction substantially perpendicular to the plane of the cover. 23. A solar thermal unit according to claim 3, wherein said opening is defined by a frame comprising four glazing bars. 24. A method according to claim 20, wherein said opening is defined by a frame comprising four glazing bars. 25. A solar thermal unit according to claim 1, wherein the housing includes an insulation layer to the rear of the light-absorbing surface that thermally insulates said light-absorbing surface from each of said one or more connectors into which the solar thermal unit is adapted to be fitted. 26. (canceled) 