A medical device adapted to a view one or more body passageways in a body portion.
Claims 1. A medical device designed to locate a body passageway to enable a user to access the body passageway comprising a monitor assembly, a support assembly and a needle handling assembly, said monitor assembly including an upper and lower surface, said upper surface including at least one display designed to display a representation of the body passageway in a body portion that is positioned below said lower surface of said monitor assembly; said support assembly including a base portion and a side portion connected to said base portion, said base portion including an upper surface, said side portion extending upwardly from said upper surface of said base portion, said side portion designed to at least partially support said monitor assembly above said upper surface of said base portion when the body portion is at least partially positioned between said base portion of said support assembly and said lower surface of said monitor assembly, said monitor assembly connected to said support assembly to enable said monitor assembly to move upwardly from or pivot upwardly from said upper surface of said base portion; said needle handling assembly designed to at least partially support one or more penetration devices selected from the group consisting of a needle, a catheter, a syringe, an IV and a tube, said needle handling assembly at least partially connected to said monitor assembly, said needle handling assembly designed to allow multi-axes positioning of said penetration device so as to enable a user to properly position an end of said penetration device on the body portion when attempting to access the body passageway while the user is viewing said display on said upper surface of said monitor assembly which is displaying said representation of the body passageway in said body portion. 2. The medical device as defined in claim 1, wherein said monitor assembly, said support assembly, or combinations thereof including one or more electronic components designed to process signals detected by one or more image receptors; said monitor assembly, said support assembly, or combinations thereof including one or more signal generators designed to generate an electromagnetic signal, an ultrasonic signal, or combinations thereof so that such signal at least partially contacts the body portion and is at least partially detected by one or more of said image receptors. 3. The medical device as defined in claim 1, wherein said monitor assembly is moveable along a longitudinal length of said support assembly. 4. The medical device as defined in claim 2, wherein said monitor assembly is moveable along a longitudinal length of said support assembly. 5. The medical device as defined in claim 1, wherein said monitor assembly is fully supported on one of said side walls of said support assembly. 6. The medical device as defined in claim 4, wherein said monitor assembly is fully supported on one of said side walls of said support assembly. 7. The medical device as defined in claim 1, wherein said upper surface of said base portion of said support assembly and said lower surface of said monitor device include a contoured surface designed to receive the body portion and at least partially position said body portion relative to said monitor assembly when said body portion is at least partially positioned between said support assembly and said monitor assembly. 8. The medical device as defined in claim 6, wherein said upper surface of said base portion of said support assembly and said lower surface of said monitor device include a contoured surface designed to receive the body portion and at least partially position said body portion relative to said monitor assembly when said body portion is at least partially positioned between said support assembly and said monitor assembly. 9. The medical device as defined in claim 1, wherein said base portion and said side wall of said support assembly are collapsible onto one another. 10. The medical device as defined in claim 8, wherein said base portion and said side wall of said support assembly are collapsible onto one another. 11. The medical device as defined in claim 1, wherein said monitor assembly is detachably connected to said support assembly. 12. The medical device as defined in claim 10, wherein said monitor assembly is detachably connected to said support assembly. 13. The medical device as defined in claim 1, wherein said monitor assembly, said support assembly, or combinations thereof include a solar panel, a fuel cell, or combinations thereof. 14. The medical device as defined in claim 12, wherein said monitor assembly, said support assembly, or combinations thereof include a solar panel, a fuel cell, or combinations thereof. 15. A medical device designed to locate a body passageway to enable a user to access the body passageway comprising a monitor assembly, a support assembly and a needle handling assembly, said monitor assembly including an upper and lower surface, said upper surface including at least one display designed to display a representation of the body passageway in a body portion that is positioned below said lower surface of said monitor assembly, said lower surface of said monitor assembly designed to receive information that can be process to produce the representation of the body passageway; said support assembly including a base portion and a side portion connected to said base portion, said base portion including an upper surface, said side portion extending upwardly from said upper surface of said base portion, said side portion designed to at least partially support said monitor assembly above said upper surface of said base portion when the body portion is at least partially positioned between said base portion of said support assembly and said lower surface of said monitor assembly, said monitor assembly connected to said support assembly to enable said monitor assembly to move upwardly from or pivot upwardly from said upper surface of said base portion, said monitor assembly, said support assembly, or combinations thereof including one or more electronic components designed to process signals detected by one or more image receptors, said monitor assembly, said support assembly, or combinations thereof including one or more signal generators designed to generate an electromagnetic signal, an ultrasonic signal, or combinations thereof so that such signal at least partially contacts the body portion and is at least partially detected by one or more of said image receptors, said monitor assembly is moveable along a longitudinal length of said support assembly, said monitor assembly is fully supported on one of said side walls of said support assembly, said monitor assembly is detachably connected to said support assembly; said needle handling assembly designed to at least partially support one or more penetration devices selected from the group consisting of a needle, a catheter, a syringe, an IV and a tube, said needle handling assembly at least partially connected to said monitor assembly, said needle handling assembly designed to allow multi-axes positioning of said penetration device so as to enable a user to properly position an end of said penetration device on the body portion when attempting to access the body passageway while the user is viewing said display on said upper surface of said monitor assembly which is displaying said representation of the body passageway in said body portion. 16. The medical device as defined in claim 15, wherein said upper surface of said base portion of said support assembly and said lower surface of said monitor device include a contoured surface designed to receive the body portion and at least partially position said body portion relative to said monitor assembly when said body portion is at least partially positioned between said support assembly and said monitor assembly. 17. The medical device as defined in claim 16, wherein said base portion and said side wall of said support assembly are collapsible onto one another. 18. The medical device as defined in claim 17, wherein said monitor assembly, said support assembly, or combinations thereof include a solar panel, a fuel cell, or combinations thereof. 