An intelligent control system and control method for solar street lamps includes at least a single pole system and a manager with wireless communication interfaces respectively. The single pole system includes a controller, an LED lamp, a solar panel and a storage battery. The controller monitors the operating data logging and the manager modifies the parameter settings and saves the parameters in the controller. The control system and method provide a solution to the centralized control over the self-governed solar street lamps, and can be used to accurately set, control and monitor each street lamp in the whole solar street lamp system, and check the operating conditions of each street lamp, so that the managerial personnel know the running conditions of each piece of solar street lamp and find out the problems hidden in the street lamps for the purpose of repair and nipping them in the bud.
Claims 1. An intelligent control system for solar street lamps comprising: at least a single pole system with a wireless communication interface, and a manager with wireless communication interfaces, wherein the single pole system comprises a controller, an LED lamp, a solar panel and a storage battery, the controller is configured for monitoring the operating data logging relevant to the solar panel and storage battery, and the manager, connected to a main processor, is configured for modifying the parameter settings in the single pole system and saving the parameters in the controller. 2. An intelligent control system of claim 1, wherein the controller comprises a system control module, an electric energy management module, a memory, a wireless communication module and a photoelectric probe, the electric energy management module receives the solar energy collected by the solar panel and sends the solar energy to the storage battery and the LED lamp, and also gets the electric energy from the storage battery, the system control module is respectively connected to the electric energy management module, memory, wireless communication module and photoelectric probe, the photoelectric probe is configured for detecting the illumination on the road surface. 3. An intelligent control method to be performed by the control system for solar street lamps of claim 2, wherein: (a) the manager in the system is configured for setting, management and data acquisition relevant to the single pole system; (b) the controller is configured for monitoring the operating data logging relevant to the solar panel and storage battery of the street lamp in the single pole system; (c) the controller is configured for setting the threshold value for the voltage of storage battery and thus controlling the electric charging and discharge of storage battery by means of the threshold value; and (d) the above-mentioned manager is configured for uploading the data monitored by the controller for analysis and processing. 4. An intelligent control method of claim 3, wherein at step (b), the LED lamp is automatically switched on if the illumination level on the road detected by the photoelectric probe of the controller is lower than the threshold value set by the manager, and the LED lamp is automatically switched off if the illumination level exceeds the threshold value. 5. An intelligent control method of claim 4, further comprising the steps of recording the time in the memory of the single pole system when the lamp is switched on or off. 6. An intelligent control method of claim 3, wherein at step (c), the electric energy management module in the controller sets three threshold values for the voltage of the storage battery, namely, a high point {circle around (1)}, a low point {circle around (2)} and an ultra low point {circle around (3)}, which are used for controlling the electric discharge and charging of the storage battery such that: the charging is stopped when the voltage of storage battery rises to high point {circle around (1)}; the discharging current is lowered when the voltage of storage battery falls to low point {circle around (1)}; and the electric discharge is stopped when the voltage of storage battery falls to ultra low point {circle around (3)}. 7. An intelligent control method of claim 6, further comprising recording the corresponding time in the memory of the controller when the voltage of the storage battery reaches the threshold value. 8. An intelligent control method of claim 3, further comprising assigning a number to each single pole system by the manager such that the single pole system is included in the management range, wherein the single pole systems are independent of each other, and the number of each single pole system is written in its controller. 9. An intelligent control method of claim 3, wherein the manager assigns a number to each single pole system, and the number is written in the controller of the corresponding single pole system. 10. An intelligent control method of claim 3, wherein the manager is configured for setting the time for the whole control system so that all of the single pole systems are at the same system time. 11. An intelligent control method to be performed by the control system for solar street lamps of claim 1, wherein: (a) the manager in the system is configured for setting, management and data acquisition relevant to the single pole system; (b) the controller is configured for monitoring the operating data logging relevant to the solar panel and storage battery of the street lamp in the single pole system; (c) the controller is configured for setting the threshold value for the voltage of storage battery and thus controlling the electric charging and discharge of storage battery by means of the threshold value; and (d) the above-mentioned manager is configured for uploading the data monitored by the controller for analysis and processing. 12. An intelligent control method of claim 3, further comprising assigning a number to each single pole system by the manager such that the single pole system is included in the management range, wherein the single pole systems are independent of each other, and the number of each single pole system is written in its controller. 13. An intelligent control method of claim 3, wherein the manager assigns a number to each single pole system, and the number is written in the controller of the corresponding single pole system. 14. An intelligent control method of claim 3, wherein the manager is configured for setting the time for the whole control system so that all of the single pole systems are at the same system time. 