A monolithic multijunction photovoltaic device is disclosed which comprises two or more photovoltaic cells between two surfaces. Each of the photovoltaic cell materials include a first region exhibiting an excess of a first charge carrier and a second region exhibiting an excess of a second charge carrier. Contacts are connected to the regions of the photovoltaic cells in configurations that allow excess current to be extracted as useful energy. In one embodiment, a first contact is electrically connected to a second region of a first material, a second contact is electrically connected to a first region of the first material, a third contact is electrically connected to a first region of a second material, and a fourth contact is electrically connected to a third material. In other embodiments, the contacts may be positioned on the surfaces of the monolithic device to minimize shadowing.
Claims 1. A monolithic photovoltaic cell comprising: a first surface; a second surface to receive light; a first photovoltaic cell between the first surface and the second surface, the first photovoltaic cell comprising a first region of a first photovoltaic material exhibiting an excess of a first type of charge carrier and a second region of the first photovoltaic material exhibiting an excess of a second type of charge carrier; a second photovoltaic cell between the first surface and the second surface, the second photovoltaic cell comprising a first region of a second photovoltaic material exhibiting an excess of the first type of charge carrier and a second region of the second photovoltaic material exhibiting an excess of the second type of charge carrier; a third photovoltaic cell between the first surface and the second surface, the third photovoltaic cell comprising a first region of a third photovoltaic material exhibiting an excess of the first type of charge carrier and a second region of the third photovoltaic material exhibiting an excess of the second type of charge carrier; a first contact electrically connected to the second region of the first photovoltaic material; a second contact electrically connected to the first region of the first photovoltaic material; a third contact electrically connected to the first region of the second photovoltaic material; and a fourth contact electrically connected to the third photovoltaic material; wherein the first surface is between at least a portion of the first contact and the second region of the first photovoltaic material; wherein the first surface is between at least a portion of the second contact and the second region of the first photovoltaic material; and wherein the first surface is between at least a portion of the fourth contact and the second region of the first photovoltaic material. 2. The monolithic photovoltaic cell of claim 1 wherein the second and fourth contacts comprise a plurality of contact vias. 3. The monolithic photovoltaic cell of claim 1 further comprising a dielectric layer disposed between the second region of the third photovoltaic cell and the first region of the first photovoltaic cell, wherein the fourth contact is electrically connected to the second region of the third photovoltaic material. 4. The monolithic photovoltaic cell of claim 3 wherein the dielectric layer is greater than 0.1 microns in thickness. 5. The monolithic photovoltaic cell of claim 3 wherein the dielectric layer comprises a material selected from the group consisting of GaAs:Cr, InP:Fe, AlGaAs: O, phosphosilicate, SiO.sub.2, SiN.sub.4 and borosilicate glass. 6. The monolithic photovoltaic cell of claim 1, wherein the first photovoltaic material is associated with a first bandgap; wherein the third photovoltaic material is associated with a third bandgap greater than the first bandgap; wherein the second photovoltaic material is associated with a second bandgap greater than the third bandgap; wherein the second region of the second photovoltaic material is between the first region of the second photovoltaic material and the first region of the third photovoltaic material; and wherein the second region of the third photovoltaic material is between the first region of the third photovoltaic material and the first region of the first photovoltaic material. 7. The monolithic photovoltaic cell of claim 1 wherein the second surface is between at least a portion of the third contact and the first region of the second photovoltaic material. 8. The monolithic photovoltaic cell of claim 7 wherein a portion of the first, second, and fourth contacts are disposed directly underneath the third contact. 9. The monolithic photovoltaic cell of claim 1 wherein the first surface is between at least a portion of the third contact and the second region of the first photovoltaic material. 10. The monolithic photovoltaic cell of claim 3 further comprising: a first inverter electrically connected to the first contact and to the second contact; and a second inverter electrically connected to the fourth contact and to the third contact; wherein the fourth contact is electrically connected to the second region of the third photovoltaic material. 11. The monolithic photovoltaic cell of claim 1 further comprising: a first inverter electrically connected to the first contact and to the second contact; a second inverter electrically connected to the second contact and to the fourth contact; and a third inverter electrically connected to the third contact and to the fourth contact. 12. The monolithic photovoltaic cell of claim 1 wherein the thickness of the cell between the first surface and the second surface is greater than 2000 angstroms. 13. The monolithic photovoltaic cell of claim 1 wherein the first photovoltaic material comprises germanium. 14. A monolithic photovoltaic cell comprising: a first surface; a second surface to receive light; a first photovoltaic cell between the first surface and the second surface, the first photovoltaic cell comprising a first region of a first photovoltaic material exhibiting an excess of a first type of charge carrier and a second region of the first photovoltaic material exhibiting an excess of a second type of charge carrier; a second photovoltaic cell between the first surface and the second surface, the second photovoltaic cell comprising a first region of a second photovoltaic material exhibiting an excess of the first type of charge carrier and a second region of the second photovoltaic material exhibiting an excess of the second type of charge carrier; a first contact electrically connected to the second region of the first photovoltaic material; a second contact electrically connected to the first region of the first photovoltaic material; a third contact electrically connected to the first region of the second photovoltaic material; and a fourth contact electrically connected to the second region of the second photovoltaic material; wherein the first surface is between at least a portion of the first contact and the second region of the first photovoltaic material; wherein the first surface is between at least a portion of the second contact and the second region of the first photovoltaic material; and wherein the first surface is between at least a portion of the fourth contact and the second region of the first photovoltaic material. 15. A method of constructing a monolithic photovoltaic cell, the monolithic photovoltaic cell comprising a first photovoltaic cell having first and second regions of a first photovoltaic material, a second photovoltaic cell having first and second regions of a second photovoltaic material, and a third photovoltaic cell having first and second regions of a third photovoltaic material, the method comprising: electrically connecting a first contact to the second region of the first photovoltaic material; electrically connecting a second contact to the first region of the first photovoltaic material; electrically connecting a third contact to the first region of the second photovoltaic material; and electrically connecting a fourth contact to the first region of the third photovoltaic material; providing a first surface between at least a portion of the first contact and the second region of the first photovoltaic material, and between at least a portion of the second contact and the second region of the first photovoltaic material; and providing a second surface to receive light into the second photovoltaic cell. 16. The method according to claim 15, wherein the first photovoltaic material is associated with a first bandgap, wherein the second photovoltaic material is associated with a second bandgap greater than the first bandgap, and wherein the second region of the second photovoltaic material is between the first region of the second photovoltaic material and the first region of the first photovoltaic material. 17. The method according to claim 15 further comprising the step of placing a dielectric layer between the first photovoltaic material and the third photovoltaic material. 18. The method according to claim 15, wherein the first photovoltaic material is associated with a first bandgap, wherein the third photovoltaic material is associated with a third bandgap greater than the first bandgap, wherein the second photovoltaic material is associated with a second bandgap greater than the third bandgap, wherein the second region of the second photovoltaic material is between the first region of the second photovoltaic material and the first region of the third photovoltaic material, and wherein the second region of the third photovoltaic material is between the first region of the third photovoltaic material and the first region of the first photovoltaic material. 19. The method according to claim 15, wherein the second surface is between at least a portion of the third contact and the first region of the second photovoltaic material. 20. The method according to claim 15, wherein the first surface is between at least a portion of the third contact and the second region of the first photovoltaic material. 