An electrical connector includes a rigid body, cable mating bodies disposed within the body, and contacts joined to the cable mating bodies. The body has an upper side and an opposite mounting side that is configured to be mounted to a first solar module. The body frames a window that extends through the body from the upper side to the mounting side. The cable mating bodies are configured to electrically couple the first solar module with cables to communicate electric current generated in the first solar module with one or more of an electrical load and an additional solar module. The contacts extend into the window of the body and are arranged in the window to mate with the module contacts to electrically couple the first solar module with the cable mating bodies.
Claims 1. An electrical connector comprising: a rigid body extending from an upper side to an opposite mounting side that is configured to be mounted to a first solar module, the body framing a window that extends through the rigid body from the upper side to the mounting side; cable mating bodies disposed within the rigid body between the upper side and the mounting side of the rigid body, the cable mating bodies configured to electrically couple the first solar module with cables to communicate electric current generated in the first solar module with one or more of an electrical load or an additional solar module; and contacts joined to the cable mating body and extending into the window of the rigid body, wherein the contacts are arranged in the window to mate with module contacts to electrically couple the first solar module with the cable mating bodies. 2. The connector of claim 1, wherein the rigid body comprises ports extending into the rigid body between the upper side and the mounting side, the ports configured to detachably receive the cables coupled to the one or more of the electrical load or the additional solar module in order to electrically couple the first solar module with the one or more of the electrical load or the additional solar module. 3. The connector of claim 2, wherein the rigid body comprises opposite ends extending between and interconnecting the upper side with the mounting side, further wherein the ports are disposed in the opposite ends. 4. The connector of claim 2, wherein the rigid body comprises a common end extending between and interconnecting the upper side with the mounting side, further wherein the ports are disposed in the common end. 5. The connector of claim 2, wherein the ports receive the cables in loading directions, the contacts extending from the rigid body into the window in directions parallel to the loading directions. 6. The connector of claim 2, wherein the ports receive the cables in loading directions, the contacts extending from the rigid body into the window in directions transverse to the loading directions. 7. The connector of claim 1, wherein the rigid body comprises placement features configured to be automatically engaged for placement of the rigid body on the first solar module so that the contacts are oriented with corresponding contacts on the first solar module. 8. The connector of claim 1, wherein the contacts are approximately coplanar with the mounting side in the window. 9. The connector of claim 1, wherein the contacts extend from the rigid body into the window in opposing directions. 10. The connector of claim 1, wherein the contacts extend from the rigid body into the window in approximately parallel directions. 11. The connector of claim 1, wherein the rigid body has a height dimension measured from the upper side to the mounting side that is approximately ten millimeters or less. 12. An electrical connector comprising: a rigid body configured to be mounted to a first solar module having module contacts, the rigid body comprising ports recessed into the rigid body and configured to detachably receive cables coupled to one or more of an electrical load or an additional solar module; cable mating bodies disposed within the rigid body, the cable mating bodies configured to be electrically joined with the cables to communicate electric current among the first solar module and the one or more of the electrical load or the additional solar module; and contacts joined to the cable mating bodies and protruding out of the rigid body, the contacts configured to mate with the module contacts to electrically couple the first solar module with the cable mating bodies, wherein the rigid body comprises placement features configured to be engaged for automated placement of the rigid body on the first solar module so that the contacts are oriented with the module contacts on the first solar module. 13. The connector of claim 12, wherein the rigid body extends from an upper side to an opposite mounting side that is configured to be mounted to the first solar module, the placement features comprising a flat surface on the upper side that is configured to be engaged using an automated suction force to place the rigid body on the first solar module. 14. The connector of claim 12, wherein the rigid body comprises opposite sides extending transverse to the first solar module when the body is mounted thereto, further wherein the placement features comprise recesses in the opposite sides that extend into the rigid body and that are configured to receive extensions of a peripheral device to pick up the rigid body and place the rigid body on the first solar module. 15. The connector of claim 12, wherein the rigid body comprises opposite ends each including at least one of the ports recessed into the rigid body. 16. The connector of claim 12, wherein the rigid body comprises a common end disposed transverse to the first solar module when the body is mounted thereto, further wherein the ports are recessed into the rigid body on the common side. 17. The connector of claim 12, wherein the rigid body extends from an upper side to an opposite mounting side with the ports disposed between the upper side and the mounting side, the rigid body framing a window extending through the rigid body from the upper side to the mounting side, further wherein the contacts extend from the rigid body into the window to engage the module contacts. 18. The connector of claim 17, wherein the mounting side is configured to be mounted to the first solar module, further wherein the contacts extend into the window in a coplanar relationship with the mounting side. 19. The connector of claim 17, wherein the contact tabs extend from the rigid body in opposing directions. 20. The connector of claim 12, wherein the rigid body is formed as a unitary body. 21. The connector of claim 2, wherein the ports are recessed into the rigid body. 