A solar powered garden light that can be used to indicate a direction is disclosed. LEDs are situated in a pattern, such as an arrow, on a platform which can be rotated. A user can adjust the direction that the solar powered garden light indicates by rotating the platform. The platform can be rotated by turning a knob. A solar cell is used to charge batteries, where these batteries are used to power the LEDs. The same solar cell can also act as a switch that turns the lights on and off.
Claims 1. A solar powered garden light comprising an enclosure, a solar panel, a rotating platform, a means for rotating the rotating platform, a battery, and a source of light, where the solar panel is able to transform light into electrical energy, where this energy can be stored in the battery, used to power the source of light, or both, where the solar panel is located on the surface or externally to the enclosure, where the source of light is attached to the rotating platform, where the source of light can be powered by the solar panel, battery, or both, where the source of light, when powered, emits light, where the source of light indicates a direction when illuminated, where the direction indicated by the source of light changes when the rotational platform is rotated. 2. The solar powered garden light of claim 1, where the rotating platform comprises a circuit board. 3. The solar powered garden light of claim 2, where the source of light is a plurality of LEDs. 4. The solar powered garden light of claim 3, where the battery, the solar panel, or both can power the circuit board, where the circuit board then powers the plurality of LEDs. 5. The solar powered garden light of claim 4, where the circuit board causes the plurality of LEDs to flash or glow randomly or in sequence. 6. The solar powered garden light of claim 3, where the plurality of LEDs is in the shape of one or more arrows. 7. The solar powered garden light of claim 1, where the solar panel also acts as a switch, where the switch is used to turn the source of light on and off. 8. The solar powered garden light of claim 7, where the switch is designed to turn the source of light on when there is a minimal amount of light incident upon the solar panel, and turn the source of light off when there is an abundant amount of light incident upon the solar panel. 9. The solar powered garden light of claim 1 further comprising a lens, where the light emitted from the source of light travels through the lens, where the lens is transparent or translucent. 10. The solar powered garden light of claim 1, where the rotating platform is rotated by turning a knob. 11. The solar powered garden light of claim 1, where the solar powered garden light comprises a plurality of batteries. 12. The solar powered garden light of claim 1, where the enclosure further comprises a pole and a ground spike, where the enclosure is mounted on a pole, where the pole is attached to a ground spike, where the ground spike secures the pole, and therefore enclosure, to the ground. 13. The solar powered garden light of claim 1, where the enclosure further comprises a bracket, where the enclosure is secured to the bracket, and where the bracket can be secured to another object thereby mounting the enclosure to another object. 14. A solar powered garden light comprising an enclosure, a solar panel, a rotating platform, a means for rotating the rotating platform, a battery, and a plurality of LEDs, where the solar panel is able to transform light into electrical energy, where this energy can be stored in the battery, used to power the source of light, or both, where the solar panel is located on the surface or externally to the enclosure, where the rotating platform comprises a circuit board, where the plurality of LEDs is attached to the rotating platform, where the battery, the solar panel, or both can power the circuit board, where the circuit board then powers the plurality of LEDs, where the plurality of LEDs, when powered, emits light, where the plurality of LEDs indicates a direction when illuminated, where the plurality of LEDs indicates a direction when illuminated, where the direction indicated by the plurality of LEDs changes when the rotational platform is rotated. 15. The solar powered garden light of claim 14, where the solar panel also acts as a switch, where the switch is used to turn the plurality of LEDs on and off, where the switch is designed to turn the plurality of LEDs on when there is a minimal amount of light incident upon the solar panel, and turn the plurality of LEDs off when there is an abundant amount of light incident upon the solar panel. 16. The solar powered garden light of claim 14 further comprising a lens, where the light emitted from the plurality of LEDs travels through the lens, where the lens is transparent or translucent. 17. The solar powered garden light of claim 14, where the rotating platform is rotated by turning a knob. 18. The solar powered garden light of claim 14, where the plurality of LEDs is in the shape of one or more arrows. 19. A solar powered garden light consisting essentially of an enclosure, one or more solar panels, a rotating platform, a means for rotating the rotating platform, one or more batteries, a plurality of LEDs, a lens, and a means for securing the enclosure to the ground or another object, where the one or more solar panels is able to transform light into electrical energy, where this energy can be stored in the one or more batteries, used to power the plurality of LEDs, or both, where the one or more solar panels is located on the surface or externally to the enclosure, where the rotating platform comprises a circuit board, where the plurality of LEDs is attached to the rotating platform, where the one or more batteries, the one or more solar panels, or both can power the circuit board, where the circuit board then powers the plurality of LEDs, where the plurality of LEDs, when powered, emits light, where the plurality of LEDs indicates a direction when illuminated, where the direction indicated by the plurality of LEDs changes when the rotational platform is rotated, where the one or more solar panels also acts as a switch, where the switch is used to turn the source of light on and off, where the light emitted from the plurality of LEDs travels through the lens, where the lens is transparent or translucent where the means for rotating platform comprises a knob, and where the rotating platform is rotating by turning the knob. 20. The solar powered garden light of claim 3, where the plurality of LEDs is in the shape of one or more arrows. 