A generating system includes a generating device (1), a plurality of flow tubes (2) and a mounting frame (3). The generating device includes a housing (11), a solar cell panel (12), a thermal insulation layer (14), a heat conduction layer (13) and a receiving chamber (15). Thus, the generating system is integrated with a building and can function as a part of the building so as to decrease the costs of fabrication and to enhance the outer appearance of the building. In addition, the generating system and the building are integrated to provide a leakproof function.
Claims 1. A generating system, comprising: a generating device (1) including: a housing (11); a solar cell panel (12) mounted on an upper end of the housing to receive a solar energy and to convert the solar energy into an electric power and a thermal energy; a thermal insulation layer (14) mounted in and abutting a bottom of the housing; a heat conduction layer (13) mounted in the housing and located above the thermal insulation layer; a receiving chamber (15) formed in the housing and located between the solar cell panel and the heat conduction layer to receive a waste heat produced from the solar cell panel; a plurality of flow tubes (2) each mounted in the receiving chamber of the housing and each placed on the heat conduction layer of the generating device; a mounting frame (3) mounted outside of and surrounding the housing of the generating device to support the housing of the generating device. 2. The generating system of claim 1, further comprising: a support member (31) mounted on the mounting frame and abutting the bottom of the housing to support the generating device. 3. The generating system of claim 1, wherein the generating device further includes: at least one conducting wire (121) mounted on and electrically connected with the solar cell panel; an output wire (122) having a first end electrically connected with the conducting wire and a second end electrically connected with a storage unit (123) to transmit the electric power of the solar cell panel into the storage unit. 4. The generating system of claim 3, wherein the conducting wire mounted on the solar cell panel is arranged to form a pattern or figure. 5. The generating system of claim 1, further comprising: a plurality of reaction bags (131) mounted in the receiving chamber of the housing and placed on the heat conduction layer of the generating device. 6. The generating system of claim 5, wherein the each of the reaction bags contains lime stones. 7. The generating system of claim 1, further comprising: a boosting device (4) connected with the generating device to increase a pressure in the receiving chamber of the housing. 8. The generating system of claim 7, wherein the boosting device includes: a container (41) located outside of the generating device and having an inside provided with a pressure chamber (42); an air inlet pipe (43) connected to the pressure chamber of the container to introduce an ambient air into the pressure chamber of the container; an air outlet pipe (45) having a first end connected to the pressure chamber of the container and a second end connected to the receiving chamber of the housing to deliver a pressurized air from the pressure chamber of the container into the receiving chamber of the housing; a pressure release pipe (47) connected to the receiving chamber of the housing to release an excessive air in the receiving chamber of the housing to the ambient environment. 9. The generating system of claim 8, wherein the boosting device further includes: a filter (49) that is additionally mounted on the air inlet pipe to filter the air passing through the air inlet pipe. 10. The generating system of claim 9, wherein the filter of the boosting device has a side provided with a draining portion (491). 11. The generating system of claim 10, wherein only a carbon dioxide (5) in the ambient air is allowed to pass through the filter of the boosting device into the pressure chamber of the container, and the other gases in the ambient air is drained outwardly from the draining portion of the filter. 12. The generating system of claim 8, wherein the boosting device further includes: a first check valve (44) mounted on the air inlet pipe to prevent the air in the pressure chamber of the container from being introduced to the ambient environment; a second check valve (46) mounted on the air outlet pipe to prevent the air in the receiving chamber of the housing from flowing backward into the pressure chamber of the container; a third check valve (48) mounted on the pressure release pipe to prevent the ambient air from being introduced into the receiving chamber of the housing. 13. The generating system of claim 8, wherein the container of the boosting device is made of a metallic shell. 14. The generating system of claim 1, wherein the housing of the generating device has a substantially U-shaped cross-sectional profile. 15. The generating system of claim 1, wherein the thermal insulation layer of the generating device is located between the housing and the solar cell panel to provide a thermal insulation effect and to prevent a heat loss. 16. The generating system of claim 1, wherein the thermal insulation layer of the generating device is made of a copper. 17. The generating system of claim 1, wherein each of the flow tubes is made of a copper. 18. The generating system of claim 1, wherein each of the flow tubes faces the solar cell panel of the generating device; the solar cell panel of the generating device is transparent to expose each of the flow tubes outwardly. 19. The generating system of claim 1, wherein the mounting frame has a periphery provided with a retaining groove; the housing of the generating device has a periphery provided with a retaining rib inserted into the retaining groove of the mounting frame to lock the housing of the generating device onto the mounting frame. 20. The generating system of claim 1, wherein the mounting frame and the generating device of the generating system are mounted on the top of a building or surround a periphery of the building; the mounting frame and the generating device are integrated with the building and can function as a part of the building. 