The present invention is a system for supplying a long range electric vehicle and a nearby building with electricity from the sun in a cost effective way. Not only is the overall system totally efficient in the sense that virtually all solar electricity generated will be used, but the tilting solar roof that tracks the sun is a more efficient way to generate electricity than the normal method of putting stationary solar panels on the roof of a building or vehicle. Similarly, the car contemplated in the present invention will be able to achieve a far longer daily range than similarly priced electric cars. Because of the synergistic approach used, the overall system can play a significant part in weaning the world away from fossil fuels without creating huge costs that cash strapped consumers can't bear.
Claims 1. A system for supplying energy to an extended range solar vehicle and a stationary structure comprising: a vehicle body; three or more wheels for supporting the vehicle body; at least one prime mover, with a control system, supplying energy to at least one of the three or more wheels; one or more energy storing devices for supplying energy to the at least one prime mover; a solar collection assembly of one or more solar collecting devices which converts light energy into electrical energy; an indicator for monitoring the energy being generated by the solar collector assembly; an indicator for monitoring the energy being stored in the energy storing device; a two-way energy transfer system providing a plug-in recharge to at least one of the one or more energy storing devices and for supplying energy from the one or more solar collecting devices to the stationary structure wherein the outer width of the solar collector assembly exceeds the width of the vehicles body measured normal to the direction of vehicle travel 2. The system of claim 1, wherein: The solar collector assembly is adapted for facing the position of the sun or moving out of the way of shade, people and objects by tilting about one axis normal to the direction of vehicle travel. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein: A wireless device controls the tilt of the solar collecting assembly out of the way of people, shade or objects or to better align the solar collecting device with the sun. 4. The system of claim 3, wherein: A distance between at least two of the three or more wheels exceeds the width of the vehicle body to reduce the aerodynamic effects of the solar collector assembly during vehicle movement. 5. The system of claim 4, wherein: The solar collector assembly exceeds the width of the body by at least 30 percent. 6. The system of claim 5, wherein: The total area of the solar collector assembly exceeds the area of the footprint of the vehicle body. 7. The system of claim 6, wherein: Energy is recovered from braking the wheels with a regenerative brake system. 8. The system of claim 7, wherein; The energy storage devices are adapted mechanically and electrically for rapid exchange. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein: there is a safety perimeter external from the body. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein: The solar collector assembly converts both light and thermal energy from solar energy into electrical energy. 11. the system of claim 1, wherein: The solar collector assembly is adapted for facing the position of the sun or moving out of the way of shade, people and objects by tilting about two axises normal to the direction of vehicle travel. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein: Raising and lowering of the solar collector assembly is accomplished by a telescopic mast. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein: The solar collector assembly retracts to a reduced length and width to reduce aerodynamic effects of the solar collector assembly during vehicle movement. 14. The system of claim 13, wherein: The solar collector assembly exceeds the width of the body by at least 30 percent 15. The system of claim 14, wherein: The solar collector assembly exceeds the length of the body. 16. The system of claim 15, wherein: The total area of the one or more solar collecting devices exceeds the area of the footprint of the vehicle body. 17. The system of claim 16, wherein: Energy is recovered from braking the wheels with a regenerative brake system. 18. The system of claim 17, wherein: The energy storage devices are adapted mechanically and electrically for rapid exchange. 19. The system of claim 18, wherein: Controlling of the telescopic mast and of the opening, closing and tilting of the solar collector assembly out of the way of people and objects and to better align the solar collective device with the sun is accomplished by a wireless device. 20. The system of claim 19, wherein: The solar collector assembly converts both light and thermal solar energy into electrical energy. 