An outdoor display sign has a display enclosure. The display enclosure has a number shades that reduce the solar loading on the display enclosure. The outdoor display sign has shades covering the top, back, sides and parts of the front of the sign. The shades are offset from the display enclosure to allow natural airflow between the shade and the display enclosure.
Claims 1. A modular sign system having a variable message sign and a passive heat shielding system, comprising: a plurality of sign modules, each of the sign modules have a variable message display, each of the plurality of sign modules having a housing; a mounting system; a controller transmitting a display message to at least one of the plurality of sign modules; and a shade offset from a top of the housing of at least one of the plurality of sign modules, wherein the shade reduces solar loading so that the plurality of sign modules do not need any active environmental controls. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the plurality of sign modules are mounted horizontally. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the plurality of sign modules are mounted vertically. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the plurality of sign modules form a virtual sign. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the shade extends beyond a face of the at least one of the plurality of sign modules. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the housings of the plurality of sign modules are sealed 7. An outdoor display sign, comprising: a housing having a rectangular prism shape; a variable message display forming a part of a face of the housing; a controller transmitting a display message to the variable message display; and a shade offset from a top of the housing of at least one of the plurality of sign modules, wherein the shade reduces solar loading so that the plurality of sign modules do not need any active environmental controls. 8. The sign of claim 7, further including a back shade offset from the housing. 9. The sign of claim 7, further including a side shade offset from the housing. 10. The sign of claim 7, wherein the housing is mounted to a permanent structure. 11. A modular sign system, comprising: a plurality of housings each having a parallelepiped shape; a plurality of variable message displays, one for each of the plurality of housings, each of the plurality of variable message displays forming a face of one of the plurality of housing; a mounting system; and a controller transmitting a display message to at least one of the plurality of variable message display. 12. The system of claim 11, further including a shade offset from a top of one the plurality of housings and covering a top side of the one of the plurality of housings so that the plurality of housings do not need any active environmental controls. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein the plurality of variable message displays form a virtual sign. 14. The system of claim 12, wherein the plurality of sign modules are mounted horizontally. 15. The system of claim 12, wherein the plurality of sign modules are mounted vertically. 16. The sign of claim 12, further including a back shade offset from the housing. 17. The sign of claim 12, further including a side shade offset from the housing. 18. The sign of claim 12, wherein the mounting structure is attached to a permanent structure. 