Exemplary embodiments provide an array of solar power generation devices, and method for forming the array. Each solar power generation device can be defined as a cell, a group of cells, a panel subarray, a panel from an array of panels, etc. The solar power generation device can include a controller which can address and control each solar power generation device individually. A test method and fixture is also described, which can be used to program the controller such that incorrect assembly of the array during manufacture is overcome.
Claims 1. A solar power generation system, comprising: an array of solar power generation devices; a plurality of solar power generation device inputs, with one input connected to each solar power generation device such that each solar power generation device can be uniquely addressed; a plurality of solar power generation device outputs, with one output connected to each solar power generation device such that each solar power generation device can output information; and a controller connected to the plurality of solar power generation device inputs and to the plurality of solar power generation device outputs, wherein the controller is adapted to receive information from each solar power generation device and to output a signal to address at least one of the solar power generation devices based on the information received. 2. The solar power generation system of claim 1, wherein the controller is adapted to output a signal to the at least one of the solar power generation devices which bypasses the addressed at least one of the solar power generation devices based on the information received. 3. The solar power generation system of claim 2, further comprising: a plurality of switch components, wherein each switch component comprises at least one switch; and at least one solar power generation device from the array of solar power generation devices is associated with one or more adjacent switches of the plurality of switch components to form a super connection with one or more adjacent solar power generation device, wherein each associated switch is set to support a connection arrangement of the array of solar power generation devices for a controlled power output. 4. The solar power generation system of claim 1, wherein the controller is adapted to output a signal to the at least one of the solar power generation devices which increases a power level generated by the addressed at least one of the solar power generation devices based on the information received. 5. The solar power generation system of claim 1, wherein the array of solar power generation devices comprises a plurality of devices selected from the group consisting of a solar cell, a solar cell array, a solar cell panel or a solar cell module. 6. A method for generating solar power, comprising: outputting information from an array of solar power generation devices to a controller, wherein each solar power generation device in the array outputs information including operational characteristics specific to its operation; analyzing the information received by the controller; and outputting a control signal from the controller to the array of solar power generation devices which changes electric circuit operational characteristics of one or more solar power generation devices in the array of solar power generation devices. 7. The method of claim 6, further comprising: analyzing the information received by the controller to determine that more than one of the solar power generation devices are producing a substandard power production level; and outputting the control signal from the controller to the array of solar power generation devices to remove the more than one of the solar power generation devices from the electric circuit. 8. The method of claim 7, further comprising: subsequent to removing the more than one of the solar power generation devices from the electric circuit, outputting information from the more than one of the solar power generation devices to the controller; analyzing the information received by the controller to determine that the more than one of the solar power generation devices are producing at least a standard power production level; and outputting a control signal from the controller to the array of solar power generation devices to restore the more than one of the solar power generation devices to the electric circuit. 9. The method of claim 6, further comprising: analyzing the information received by the controller to determine the power output from at least one solar power generation device in the array; outputting the control signal from the controller to the at least one solar power generation device to adjust electrical inputs to the solar power generation device; and monitoring whether the adjustment of the electrical inputs to the solar power generation device increases power generated by the solar power generation device. 10. The method of claim 9, wherein the solar power generation device is a single solar cell and the method is a maximum power point tracking mode which further comprises: outputting information from every solar cell in the array of solar power generation devices to the controller; analyzing the information from every solar cell in the array to determine the power output from every solar cell; outputting a control signal to each solar cell in the array which is customized for each solar cell to adjust electrical inputs to each solar cell; and monitoring whether the adjustment of the electrical inputs to the cell increases power generated by the cell. 11. A method for manufacturing a solar panel, comprising: electrically connecting a plurality of output wirings with a plurality of solar power generation devices; irradiating a first solar power generation device to simulated solar radiation; outputting a signal from the first solar power generation device to the output wiring electrically connected with the first solar power generation device; identifying a first address of the output wiring electrically connected with the first solar power generation device; irradiating a second solar power generation device to the simulated solar radiation; outputting a signal from the second solar power generation device to the output wiring electrically connected with the second solar power generation device; identifying a second address of the output wiring electrically connected with the second solar power generation device; and programming the first address and the second address into the controller such that the controller can access the first solar power generation device using the first address and can access the second solar power generation device using the second address. 12. The method of claim 11, further comprising: during the irradiation of the first solar power generation device, irradiating only one solar cell; and during the irradiation of the second solar power generation device, irradiating only one solar cell. 