The present invention provides an apparatus for mounting an optical element on the underside of a substrate in a solar energy system, as a replacement for, or supplemental support to, an adhesive. The apparatus includes one or more support arms which uphold the optical element. The support arms may be secured in place by being coupled to various components of the solar energy system, such as a front panel, an enclosure, or a primary mirror.
Claims 1. A system for mounting an optical element in a solar energy unit, comprising: a substrate having a bottom surface and a central area of the bottom surface; an optical element having a base coupled to the central area of the substrate; and a support arm configured to interface with the optical element near the base of the optical element, wherein the support arm supports the coupling of the optical element to the substrate. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the optical element is coupled to the bottom surface of the substrate with an adhesive. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the support arm comprises a plurality of support arms. 4. The system of claim 3, wherein the base of the optical element further comprises a tab, and wherein each of the support arms comprises an end forming an interfacing surface with the tab. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein a portion of the support arm is inserted into the optical element. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the substrate has a perimeter, and wherein the support arm is coupled to the perimeter of the substrate. 7. A solar concentrator unit, comprising: a panel having a bottom surface and a central area of the panel; a primary mirror having a perimeter, wherein at least a portion of the perimeter is in contact with the panel; an optical element having a base coupled to the central area of the panel; and a support arm configured to interface with the optical element near the base of the optical element, wherein the support arm supports the coupling of the optical element to the panel. 8. The solar concentrator unit of claim 7, wherein the optical element is coupled to the bottom surface of the panel with an adhesive. 9. The solar concentrator unit of claim 7, wherein the support arm comprises a plurality of support arms. 10. The solar concentrator unit of claim 9, wherein the base of the optical element further comprises a tab, and wherein each of the support arms comprises an end forming an interfacing surface with the tab. 11. The solar concentrator unit of claim 7, wherein a portion of the support arm is inserted into the optical element. 12. The solar concentrator unit of claim 7, wherein the support arm is supported by the primary mirror. 13. The solar concentrator unit of claim 12, wherein a portion of the support arm is captured between the panel and the portion of the primary mirror that is in contact with the panel. 14. The solar concentrator unit of claim 12, wherein the support arm comprises a spring member. 15. The solar concentrator unit of claim 7, further comprising an enclosure, wherein the primary mirror is positioned between the enclosure and the panel, and wherein the support arm further comprises a support leg in contact with the enclosure. 16. A method of mounting an optical element in a solar concentrator unit, the solar concentrator unit having a panel and a primary mirror, wherein the optical element has a base, wherein the panel has a bottom surface and a central area of the bottom surface, and wherein the primary mirror has a perimeter, the method comprising: coupling the base of the optical element to the central area of the panel; placing a support arm in contact with the optical element, wherein the support arm is configured to interface with the optical element near the base of the optical element; and positioning the support arm in contact with at least one of the panel and the perimeter of the primary mirror. 17. The method of mounting an optical element of claim 16, wherein the step of coupling comprises adhering the optical element to the panel. 18. The method of mounting an optical element of claim 16, wherein at least a portion of the perimeter of the primary mirror is in contact with the panel, and wherein the step of positioning the support arm comprises capturing a portion of the support arm between the panel and the portion of primary mirror which is in contact with the panel. 19. The method of mounting an optical element of claim 16, wherein the support arm comprises a plurality of support arms. 