A one-way see-through illumination system is constructed from a light guide panel, a front-illuminable image film, and a light injector. The light injector injects light into the light guide panel at a suitable angle for total internal reflection of the injected light at the surfaces of the light guide panel. The image film includes a half-toned front-illuminable image pattern that extracts light from the light guide panel. When active, light from the light guide panel front illuminates the image pattern for viewing by a front-side view, while a back-side viewer can see through the image pattern.
Claims 1. An illuminable display system mountable to a sheet of optical material having a front surface and a back surface, there being a predetermined critical angle of incidence at the front surface and the back surface sufficient to establish total internal reflection of light incident at the front surface and the back surface when interfaced with an expected ambient medium, the display system comprising: a light source couplable to the sheet of optical material for injecting light into the sheet of optical material at an angle of incidence relative to the front surface and the back surface that is greater than the predetermined critical angle of incidence to promote total internal reflection of the injected light within sheet of optical material; and a film with a front surface and a back surface, the front surface having an image pattern comprising a top layer and a bottom layer, the bottom layer of the image pattern being a light reflecting material and the top layer of the image pattern being an illuminable material, wherein the illuminable material is bondable to the back surface of the sheet of optical material, wherein the bonded top layer of the image pattern extracts injected light from the back surface of the sheet of optical material to illuminate the image pattern for viewing through the front surface of the sheet of optical material. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein the top layer of the image pattern comprises an illuminable adhesive for bonding the image film to the sheet of optical material at a plurality of bonding points. 3. The system of claim 2 wherein the illuminable adhesive includes a light diffusing material. 4. The system of claim 2 wherein the illuminable adhesive has an index of refraction greater than or equal to the index of refraction of the optical material. 5. The system of claim 1 wherein the light injector is powered by a solar cell. 6. The system of claim 1 wherein a colorant is added to the image pattern. 7. The system of claim 1 wherein the light injector generates multi-colored light. 8. The system of claim 1 wherein the sheet of optical material has a curved surface. 9. The system of claim 8 wherein the sheet of optical material is a lens. 10. The system of claim 1 further comprising an illumination blocking layer disposed on the top layer of the image pattern. 11. The system of claim 1 further comprising a photovoltaic material disposed on the back surface of the film. 12. The system of claim 11 wherein the photovoltaic material is patterned to register with the image pattern. 13. A one-way see-through illumination film having a front side and a back side, the illumination film comprising: a bottom layer of a transparent film; an intermediate layer of light-reflecting material disposed on the front side of the transparent film, the light-reflecting material arranged to form an image pattern; and a top layer of illuminable adhesive, the illuminable adhesive registered to the light-reflecting material. 14. The illumination film of claim 13 wherein the image pattern is a halftone image pattern. 15. The illumination film of claim 13 further comprising a photovoltaic layer disposed on the back side of the bottom layer. 16. A one-way see-through illumination device, comprising: a frame structure; a sheet of optical material mounted to the frame structure, the sheet of optical material having a front surface and a back surface, there being a predetermined critical angle of incidence at the front surface and the back surface sufficient to establish total internal reflection of light incident at the front surface and the back surface when interfaced with an expected ambient medium; a light source mounted to the frame structure and optically coupled to the sheet of optical material for injecting light into the sheet of optical material at an angle of incidence relative to the front surface and the back surface that is greater than the predetermined critical angle of incidence to promote total internal reflection of the injected light within the sheet of optical material; and a film with a front surface and a back surface, the front surface having an image pattern comprising a top layer and a bottom layer, the bottom layer of the image pattern being a light reflecting material and the top layer of the image pattern being an illuminable material, wherein the illuminable material is bonded to the back surface of the sheet of optical material, wherein the bonded top layer of the image pattern extracts injected light from the back surface of the sheet of optical material to illuminate the image pattern for viewing through the front surface of the sheet of optical material. 17. The device of claim 16 wherein the frame structure is securable to the head of a person. 18. The device of claim 16 wherein the frame structure includes a light guide for optically coupling the light source to the sheet of optical material. 19. The device of claim 16 wherein the sheet of optical material is a lens. 20. The device of claim 19 wherein there are a plurality of lenses. 21. The device of claim 16 wherein the image pattern is a half-tone image pattern. 22. The device of claim 21 wherein the half-tone image pattern is at least 20% filled at a resolution of at least 100 lines per inch. 23. A method of fabricating an illuminable display system mountable to a sheet of optical material having a front surface and a back surface, there being a predetermined critical angle of incidence at the front surface and the back surface sufficient to establish total internal reflection of light incident at the front surface and the back surface when interfaced with an expected ambient medium, the method comprising: fabricating a light source couplable to the sheet of optical material for injecting light into the sheet of optical material at an angle of incidence relative to the front surface and the back surface that is greater than the predetermined critical angle of incidence to promote total internal reflection of the injected light within sheet of optical material; and fabricating a film with a front surface and a back surface, comprising: fabricating the front surface to have an image pattern comprising a top layer and a bottom layer; fabricating the bottom layer of the image pattern from a light reflecting material; and fabricating the top layer of the image pattern from an illuminable material, wherein the illuminable material is bondable to the back surface of the sheet of optical material, wherein the bonded top layer of the image pattern extracts injected light from the back surface of the sheet of optical material to illuminate the image pattern for viewing through the front surface of the sheet of optical material. 24. The method of claim 23 wherein the top layer of the image pattern comprises an illuminable adhesive for bonding the image film to the sheet of optical material at a plurality of bonding points. 25. The method of claim 24 wherein the illuminable adhesive includes a light diffusing material. 26. The method of claim 24 wherein the illuminable adhesive has an index of refraction greater than or equal to the index of refraction of the optical material. 27. The method of claim 23 further comprising electrically connecting the light injector to a solar cell. 28. The method of claim 23 further comprising adding a colorant to the image pattern. 29. The method of claim 23 wherein the light injector generates multi-colored light. 30. The method of claim 23 wherein the sheet of optical material has a curved surface. 31. The method of claim 30 wherein the sheet of optical material is a lens. 32. The method of claim 23 further comprising disposing an illumination blocking layer on the top layer of the image pattern. 33. The method of claim 23 further comprising disposing a photovoltaic material on the back surface of the film. 34. The system of claim 33 further comprising patterning the photovoltaic material to register with the image pattern. 35. A method of fabricating a one-way see-through illumination film having a front side and a back side, the method comprising: fabricating a bottom layer from a transparent film; fabricating an intermediate layer by disposing a light-reflecting material on the front side of the transparent film to form an image pattern; and fabricating a top layer of illuminable adhesive by registering the illuminable adhesive to the light-reflecting material. 36. The method of claim 35 wherein the image pattern is a halftone image pattern. 37. The method of claim 35 further comprising disposing a photovoltaic layer on the back side of the bottom layer. 38. A method of fabricating a one-way see-through illumination device, comprising: fabricating a frame structure; mounting a sheet of optical material to the frame structure, the sheet of optical material having a front surface and a back surface, there being a predetermined critical angle of incidence at the front surface and the back surface sufficient to establish total internal reflection of light incident at the front surface and the back surface when interfaced with an expected ambient medium; mounting a light source to the frame structure; optically coupling the light source to the sheet of optical material for injecting light into the sheet of optical material at an angle of incidence relative to the front surface and the back surface that is greater than the predetermined critical angle of incidence to promote total internal reflection of the injected light within the sheet of optical material; and fabricating a film with a front surface and a back surface, the front surface having an image pattern comprising a top layer and a bottom layer, the bottom layer of the image pattern being a light reflecting material and the top layer of the image pattern being an illuminable material, wherein the illuminable material is bonded to the back surface of the sheet of optical material, wherein the bonded top layer of the image pattern extracts injected light from the back surface of the sheet of optical material to illuminate the image pattern for viewing through the front surface of the sheet of optical material. 39. The method of claim 38 wherein the frame structure is securable to the head of a person. 40. The method of claim 38 further comprising optically coupling the light source to the sheet of optical material through a light guide. 41. The method of claim 38 wherein the sheet of optical material is a lens. 42. The method of claim 41 wherein there are a plurality of lenses. 43. The method of claim 38 wherein the image pattern is a half-tone image pattern. 44. The method of claim 34 wherein the half-tone image pattern is at least 20% filled at a resolution of at least 100 lines per inch. 