A personal location monitoring system includes a personal locator device and remote location reporting device. The personal locator device includes a portable housing, a wireless communications unit configured to communicate text messages over a wireless communications network, a position determining unit configured to receive position signals from a positioning system, and a processor in signal communication with the wireless communications unit and the position determining unit. The processor is configured to receive a position determination text message via the wireless communications unit, and send at least one position reporting text message via the wireless communications unit responsive to the position determination text message including position data based on the position signals received by the position determining unit. The remote location reporting device is configured to send the position determination text message and to receive the at least one position reporting text message.
Claims 1. A personal locator device comprising: a portable housing; a wireless communications unit carried by said portable housing and configured to communicate via text messages over a wireless communications network; a position determining unit carried by said portable housing and configured to receive position signals from a positioning system; and a processor carried by said portable housing and in signal communication with the wireless communications unit and the position determining unit, the processor being configured to receive a position determination text message via the wireless communications unit, and send at least one position reporting text message via the wireless communications unit responsive to the position determination text message including position data based on the position signals received by the position determining unit. 2. The personal locator device of claim 1, further comprising: at least one expansion port carried by said housing and coupled to said processor; and at least one expansion device configured to be coupled to said expansion port. 3. The personal locator device of claim 2 wherein said at least one expansion device comprises at least one of an expansion battery, a solar power unit, a kinetic power unit, a speaker unit, and an expansion memory unit. 4. The personal locator device of claim 1, further comprising a speaker unit and a memory unit carried by said portable housing and in signal communication with the processor, the memory unit having a plurality of audio files stored thereon, each of the stored audio files corresponding to a respective audible indication text message, and the processor being further configured to cause the speaker unit to selectively play a respective stored audio file upon receipt of the audible indication text message corresponding thereto. 5. The personal locator device of claim 1, further comprising a memory unit carried by said housing and in signal communication with the processor, the memory unit having a plurality of different status report text messages stored thereon, and the processor being further configured to selectively send the status report text messages upon receipt of respective status determination text messages. 6. The personal locator device of claim 1, further comprising a physiological sensor in signal communication with the processor, the processor being further configured to initiate at least one physiological measurement by the physiological sensor and send at least one physiological status text message via the wireless communications unit including at least one determined physiological measurement. 7. The personal locator device of claim 1, wherein at least one position reporting text message comprises a plurality of successive position reporting text messages, and wherein said processor is configured to include updated position data in the successive position reporting text messages. 8. The personal locator device of claim 1, further comprising a collar carrying said portable housing. 9. The personal locator device of claim 1, wherein the text messages comprise short message service (SMS) text messages. 10. The personal locator device of claim 1, wherein the processor initiates a position determination in response to the position determination text message to generate at least one set of position data. 11. A personal location monitoring system comprising: a personal locator device comprising a portable housing, a wireless communications unit carried by said portable housing and configured to communicate text messages over a wireless communications network, a position determining unit carried by said portable housing and configured to receive position signals from a positioning system, and a processor carried by said portable housing and in signal communication with the wireless communications unit and the position determining unit, the processor being configured to receive a position determination text message via the wireless communications unit, and send at least one position reporting text message via the wireless communications unit responsive to the position determination text message including position data based on the position signals received by the position determining unit; and a remote location reporting device configured to send the position determination text message and to receive at least one position reporting text message. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein the remote location reporting device comprises a cellular transceiver. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein the personal locator device and the remote location monitoring device communicate with short message service (SMS) text messages. 14. The system of claim 11, wherein location coordinates of the personal locator device are determined by the remote location reporting device based on the position reporting text message. 15. The system of claim 11, wherein location coordinates of the personal locator device are determined by the personal locator device and included in the position reporting text message. 16. The system of claim 11, wherein at least one position reporting text message comprises a plurality of successive position reporting text messages, and wherein said processor is configured to include updated position data in the successive position reporting text messages. 17. A method of using a personal locator device, the method comprising: receiving, over a wireless network, a position determination text message at the personal locator device; determining position data from position signals received at the personal locator device; generating a position reporting text message in response to the position determination message including the position data; and sending the position reporting text message over the wireless network. 18. The method of claim 17, further comprising identifying the position determination text message by comparison with a table of text messages stored in the personal locator device. 19. The method of claim 17, further comprising the personal locator device selectively playing at least one stored audio file in response to receipt of an audible indication text message corresponding thereto. 20. The method of claim 17, further comprising the personal locator device selectively sending at least one status report text messages in response to receipt of a status determination text message. 