A solar roof (1) for roofing over an area or a built volume. The solar roof (1) comprises one or more solar modules (3) that are associated with a solar power plant, at least one reflective surface (4) which is arranged at an angle to the solar module/s, and other optional roof elements. In order to create an efficient solar roof (1) which can be used for roofing over basically any area without major adjustment difficulties while keeping costs and the mounting effort low, among other things the edge regions (5) of the solar module/s (3) are interconnected and/or connected to the reflective surface/s (4), and the solar module/s (3) and the reflective surface/s (4) are connected to optional roof elements, in such a way that the solar roof (1) forms a closed, sealed roof cladding as a continuous surface, and the solar roof (1) is a load-bearing roof structure.
Claims 1. A solar roof for roofing over a base area or a built volume, the solar roof comprises at least one solar module allocated to a solar energy plant and at least one reflective area, arranged at an angle in reference to the at least one solar module, the at least one solar module (3) is interconnected at edge regions (5) thereof or connected to the at least one reflective area (4) as well as additional roof elements such that the solar roof (1) forms a closed, sealed roof cladding for a continuous area and the solar roof (1) is provided as a load-bearing roof construction. 2. A solar roof according to claim 1, further comprises a girder system (2) or a support device, which supports at least a portion of the solar roof (1) at least at points. 3. A solar roof according to claim 1, wherein at least one heat exchanger (17) is provided for least one of the at least one solar module (3) or the at least one reflective area (4) in a detachable fashion or integrated, by which a temperature of the at least one of solar module (3) or the reflective area (4) can be changed locally in a region of the mounting. 4. A solar roof according to claim 3, wherein the heat exchanger is embodied as a planar storage element, arranged at a side of the at least one of solar module (3) or the at least one of reflective area (4) facing the base area. 5. A solar roof according to claim 4, wherein the heat exchanger (17) is provided with an inlet and an outlet and forms a part of an unpressurized storage circuit, comprising a reservoir. 6. A solar roof according to claim 1, wherein at least one of the solar modules (3) or at least one of the reflective areas (4) of the solar roof (1) are arranged at a joint (6), and can articulate around a respective fixed edge (19) in a direction of at least one of a neighboring reflective area (4) or a neighboring solar module (3). 7. A solar roof according to claim 6, wherein in a region of the at least one of the solar module (3) or the reflective area (4) that can articulate or in a region of the supportive structure (2), at least one adjuster (10) is provided for moving the solar module or the reflective area. 8. A solar roof according to claim 7, wherein at least one attachment element (9) is arranged in a region of a free end of the reflective area (4) or in an edge region of the solar module (3) neighboring the free end, which can be transferred from a normal position, in which it projects into the built volume, into one or more extended positions gradually or telescopically, such that it forms a part of the roof cladding. 9. A solar roof according to claim 1, further comprising at least one of a moisture or liquid sensor to determine a potential moistening of an area of the solar roof (1). 10. A solar roof according to claim 8, wherein at least one collector (11) is provided at the edge regions (5) of at least one of the at least one solar module (3) or the at least one reflective area (4) or additional roof elements, in the edge regions (5) neighboring the solar roof (1), to accept and forward liquids moistening the roof. 11. A solar roof according to claim 10, wherein the collector (11) is formed by a web of grooves, crisscrossing the roofing and declining towards drainage points (13). 12. A solar roof according to claim 11, wherein at least one support tube or hollow profile is provided that supports the solar roof (1) or a girder system (2) that supports the solar roof. 13. A solar roof according to claim 12, wherein the drainage points (13) are arranged at ends of the at least one support tube or hollow profile (12) facing the solar roof (1). 14. A solar roof according to claim 1, wherein a distribution system (16) is provided to supply liquids at one or more gables or eaves of gables or a main gable of the solar roof. 15. A solar roof according to claim 11, wherein the collector (11) comprises a connection to a storage circuit for heat exchange liquid for at least one heat exchanger provided for at least one of the at least one solar module (3) or the at least one reflective area (4). 16. A solar roof according to claim 1, further comprising a controller (20) connected to the at least one solar module (3) to control feeding to and/or drawing of power from a grid. 17. A solar roof according to claim 1, wherein several of the solar modules (3) or the reflective areas (4) are connected to each other at an angle and form a predominant area of a side of a roof gable or a pitched side of the solar roof (1). 18. A solar roof according to claim 17, wherein the roof cladding is formed by alternating areas of solar modules (3) and reflective areas (4), connected to each other, with each having a same incline with regard to the base area. 19. A solar roof according to claim 1, wherein a sequence of the solar modules (3) and the reflective areas (4), connected at an angle and forming gables, cover a predominant part of a side of a pitched roof. 20. A solar roof according to claim 19, wherein in that in a plane view, ridges of a series of gables extend essentially perpendicular in reference to a ridge of the gable of the solar roof (1). 21. A solar roof according to claim 20, wherein at least one of the solar modules (3) or the reflective areas (4) comprise elements of transparent, partially transparent, partially or fully reflective materials. 22. A solar roof according to claim 1, wherein an insulating material (10) is arranged between at least one of the solar modules (3) or the reflective areas (4) and the built volume covered by the solar roof. 23. A solar roof according to claim 1, wherein at least one of the solar modules (3) or the reflective areas (4) can be longitudinally adjusted. 24. A solar roof according to claim 23, wherein the longitudinal adjustment is to various sizes of the base area in at least one direction of its extension. 