Solar photovoltaic power is collected in a multiple nodal arrangement where the DC output voltage of each node is held constant while the DC current is allowed to vary based upon the maximum power point of the solar cells making up the solar power collectors in each node. The output of each solar power collection node is regulated by a node-isolated step-down current regulator that maintains a constant DC current output while the DC output voltage is allowed to vary. The outputs of all node-isolated step-down current regulators are connected together in series and fed to a plurality of regulated current source inverters that each convert input DC power into a three phase AC output. The AC outputs of the regulated current source inverters are connected to a phase shifting transformation network that supplies three phase electric power to a conventional AC electrical transmission system.
Claims 1. Apparatus for collecting at least one megawatt of solar photovoltaic power and delivering the at least one megawatt of solar photovoltaic power to an AC transmission network, the apparatus comprising: at least one high voltage DC source for generating the at least one megawatt of solar photovoltaic power, the at least one DC source having a high voltage DC source output voltage rating of at least 1.5 kilovolts; a high voltage DC power transmission link connected to the high voltage DC source output of the at least one DC source; and at least one DC to AC inverter having an inverter DC input connected to the high voltage DC source output of the at least one DC source via the high voltage DC power transmission link and an inverter AC output for injection of the at least one megawatt of solar photovoltaic power into the AC transmission network. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the at least one high voltage DC source comprises one or more nodes of solar photovoltaic power collectors, each of the one or more nodes having an output connected to the input of a dedicated node isolated step-down current regulator, the outputs of all the dedicated node isolated step-down current regulators serially interconnected to form a serial string DC current circuit. 3. The apparatus of claim 2 wherein the solar photovoltaic power collectors for each one of the one or more nodes are arranged in one or more groups of solar photovoltaic power collectors, each one of the one or more groups of solar photovoltaic power collectors has a group output interconnected in parallel to the output of the dedicated node isolated step-down current regulator. 4. The apparatus of claim 3 wherein each of the one or more groups of solar photovoltaic power collectors comprises a plurality of solar photovoltaic modules interconnected in a series string circuit connected to the input of a step-up voltage regulator. 5 The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the at least one DC to AC inverter comprises at least one regulated current source grid synchronized inverter where the inverter AC output has a three phase substantially stepped current waveform. 6. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the at least one DC to AC inverter comprises a plurality of regulated current source grid synchronized inverters, the inverter DC inputs of the plurality of regulated current source grid synchronized inverters serially interconnected to form an inverter input series string circuit connected to the high voltage DC power transmission link, and where the inverter AC output of each of the plurality of the regulated current source grid synchronized inverters has a three phase substantially stepped current waveform. 7. The apparatus of claim 6 wherein the inverter AC output of each of the plurality of regulated current source grid synchronized inverters is connected to the AC transmission network via a phase shifting transformation network. 8. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein the phase shifting transformation network comprises one or more transformers, each of the one or more transformers having multiple secondary phase shifting windings connected to the inverter AC outputs of one or more of the plurality of regulated current source grid synchronized inverters, and multiple primary phase shifting windings connect to the AC transmission network. 9. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the at least one high voltage DC source comprises one or more nodes of solar photovoltaic power collectors, each of the one or more nodes having an output connected to the input of a dedicated node isolated step-down current regulator having a current regulation duty cycle, the outputs of all the dedicated node isolated step-down current regulators serially interconnected to form a serial string DC current circuit, and the solar photovoltaic power collectors for each one of the one or more nodes are arranged in one or more groups of solar photovoltaic power collectors, each one of the one or more groups of solar photovoltaic power collectors has a group output interconnected in parallel to the output of the dedicated node isolated step-down current regulator, each of the one or more groups of solar photovoltaic power collectors comprises a plurality of solar photovoltaic modules interconnected in a series string circuit connected to the input of a step-up voltage regulator having a voltage regulation duty cycle, the apparatus further comprising: a plurality of distributed devices comprising a control system for determining and setting the voltage regulation duty cycle for each one of the step-up voltage regulators for the maximum power point of each one of the groups of solar voltaic power collectors, for determining and setting the current regulation duty cycle for each one of the dedicated node isolated step-down current regulators for the regulated current magnitude in the series string circuit, and for determining the total magnitude of collected solar photovoltaic current and power delivered to the at least one DC to AC inverter; and a wireless system for data and control communications between the plurality of distributed devices. 10. A method of collecting at least one megawatt of solar photovoltaic electrical power and delivering the collected solar photovoltaic electrical power to an AC transmission network, the method comprising the steps of: generating the at least one megawatt power of solar photovoltaic DC electrical power from one or more solar photovoltaic energy collectors interconnected to have an output of at least at 1.5 kilovolts; transporting the DC electrical power to the DC inputs of one or more DC to AC inverters; converting the DC electrical power to AC electrical power in each of the one or more inverters; and injecting the AC electrical current into the AC transmission network. 11. The method of claim 10 further comprising the step of step-up voltage regulating the output of one or more groups of the one or more solar photovoltaic power collectors to maximum power point for the one or more groups. 12. The method of claim 11 further comprising the step of forming one or more solar photovoltaic power collection nodes from the one or more groups of one or more solar photovoltaic power collectors. 13. The method of claim 12 further comprising the step of step-down current regulating the output of each one of the one or more solar photovoltaic power collection nodes. 14. The method of claim 13 further comprising the step of interconnecting the outputs of each one of the one or more solar photovoltaic power collection nodes to form a string series photovoltaic power collection circuit. 15. The method of claim 14 wherein the step of transporting the DC electrical power to the DC input of one or more DC to AC inverters further comprises the steps of serially interconnecting the DC inputs of each one of the one or more DC to AC inverters to form a string series inverters input circuit, and connecting the string series photovoltaic power collection circuit across the string series inverters input circuit to form a high voltage DC power loop circuit. 16. A method of delivering a megawatt level of DC electrical power from a high voltage solar photovoltaic electrical power source to an AC transmission network, the method comprising the steps of: generating the of DC electrical power from one or more solar photovoltaic power collectors interconnected to have an output of at least at 1.5 kilovolts; transporting the of DC electrical power to the DC inputs of one or more DC to AC inverters; converting the of DC electrical power to AC electrical power in each of the one or more DC to AC inverters; phase-shift transforming the AC electrical current from the AC output of each one of the one or more DC to AC inverters; and injecting the phase-shifted AC electrical current into the AC transmission network. 17. The method of claim 16 further comprising the step of step-up voltage regulating the output of one or more groups of the one or more solar photovoltaic power collectors to maximum power point for the one or more groups. 18. The method of claim 17 further comprising the step of forming one or more solar photovoltaic power collection nodes from the one or more groups of one or more solar photovoltaic power collectors. 19. The method of claim 18 further comprising the step of step-down current regulating the output of each one of the one or more solar photovoltaic power collection nodes. 20. The method of claim 18 further comprising the step of interconnecting the outputs of each one of the one or more solar photovoltaic power collection nodes to form a string series photovoltaic power collection circuit. 21. The method of claim 14 wherein the step of transporting the DC electrical power to the DC input of one or more DC to AC inverters further comprises the steps of serially interconnecting the DC inputs of each one of the one or more DC to AC inverters to form a string series inverters input circuit, and connecting the string series photovoltaic power collection circuit across the string series inverters input circuit to form a high voltage DC power loop circuit. 