Apparatuses, methods, and systems directed to an integrated solar electric power generation system. Some embodiments of the present invention comprise one or more integrated photovoltaic solar panels each incorporating one or more solar modules which convert Sun light energy to DC electric power and one or more micro inverters which convert DC power received from the solar modules to produce AC power. The integrated solar panel provides connections that can be easily connected to additional integrated photovoltaic solar panels. Other embodiments of the present invention can be used to connect multiple integrated solar panels through an AC bus to which an AC load center is connected and provides power to the application electrical power loads and/or a utility grid. Yet other embodiments of the present invention comprise one or more integrated solar panels that are connected through one or more local AC buses. The local AC buses are then connected through a main bus to an AC load center that provides power to the application electrical power loads and/or a utility grid.
Claims 1. An integrated solar array system comprising one or more photovoltaic solar panels each having one or more photovoltaic solar modules, wherein each solar module is operative to convert solar light energy into DC electric power, and one or more micro inverters, wherein each micro inverter is operative to receive DC electric power and convert DC electric power to AC electric power; one or more AC buses to which the one or more solar panels are connected; an AC load center through which the one or more AC buses are connected to provide a power source; a frame, on which the solar panel is mounted. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein each solar module comprises one or more solar cells operative to generate DC electric power and one or more electrical wires connected to the one or more micro inverters. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein each micro inverter comprises a DC electrical power isolation unit, a maximum power point tracker, a transformer, and a sine wave generator. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the AC buses are connected to a utility power grid through two or more electrical wires. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the AC buses are connected to application electrical power loads through two or more electrical wires. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the utility power grid comprises a public utility power grid. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the utility power grid comprises an enterprise utility power grid. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein the power source comprises a primary power source. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein the power source comprises a supplementary power source. 10. A method of providing an integrated alternating current photovoltaic solar panel comprising: connecting one or more photovoltaic solar modules as one or more sub-panels, wherein each solar module is operative to convert solar light energy into DC electric power; interconnecting the one or more sub-panels to a micro inverter wherein the micro inverter is operative to receive the DC electric power and convert the DC electric power to AC electric power; outputting the AC electric power through two or more electrical wires. 11. The method of claim 10, wherein the interconnecting step further comprising linking the one or more sub-panels in series with the micro inverter. 12. The method of claim 10, wherein interconnecting step further comprising linking the one or more sub-panels in parallel with the micro inverter. 13. The method of claim 10, wherein each solar module comprises one or more solar cells operative to generate DC electric power and one or more electrical wires connected to the one or more micro inverters. 14. The method of claim 10, wherein each micro inverter comprises a DC electrical power isolation unit, a maximum power point tracker, a transformer, and a sine wave generator. 15. The method of claim 10, wherein interconnecting step further comprising linking the one or more sub-panels to a DC bus and linking the DC bus with the micro inverter. 16. An integrated solar array system comprising one or more photovoltaic solar panels each having one or more photovoltaic solar modules, wherein each solar module is operative to convert solar light energy into DC electric power, and one or more micro inverters, wherein each micro inverter is operative to receive DC electric power and convert DC electric power to AC electric power; one or more local AC buses to which the one or more solar panels are connected; a main AC bus wherein the one or more local AC buses are connected to; an AC load center through which the main AC bus is connect to provide a power source; a frame, on which the integrated solar panel is mounted. 17. The integrated solar array system of claim 16 wherein the power source is a primary power source. 18. The integrated solar array system of claim 16 wherein the power source is a supplementary power source. 19. The integrated solar array system of claim 16 wherein the AC load center is connected to a public utility power grid. 20. The integrated solar array system of claim 16 wherein the AC load center is connected to application electrical power loads. 