A method of forming a plurality of discrete, interconnected solar cells mounted on a carrier by providing a first semiconductor substrate; depositing on the first substrate a sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming a solar cell structure; forming a metal back contact layer over the solar cell structure; mounting a carrier on top of the metal back contact; removing the first substrate; and lithographically patterning and etching the solar cell structure to form a plurality of discrete solar cells mounted on the carrier.
Claims 1. A method of forming a plurality of solar cells mounted on a carrier comprising: providing a first semiconductor substrate; depositing on said first substrate a sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming a solar cell structure; forming a metal back contact layer over the solar cell structure; mounting a carrier on top of the metal back contact; removing the first substrate; and lithographically patterning and etching said solar cell structure to form a plurality of discrete solar cells mounted on said carrier. 2. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the sequence of layers of semiconductor material forms a triple junction solar cell, including top, middle and bottom solar subcells. 3. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the mounting step includes adhering the solar cell structure to the carrier. 4. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the carrier is selected from the group of Ge, GaAs, or silicon. 5. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the solar cell structure is bonded to said carrier by an adhesive. 6. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the carrier is electrically insulating and the solar cell structure is eutectically bonded to the carrier. 7. The method as defined in claim 1, further comprising thinning the carrier to a predetermined thickness. 8. The method as defined in claim 1 further comprising interconnecting the discrete solar cells mounted on the carrier by discrete conductors. 9. The method as defined in claim 8, wherein the discrete conductors are wire bonds. 10. The method as defined in claim 8, wherein the discrete conductors are thin film traces. 11. The method as defined in claim 8, wherein the conductors extend from a front contact on one solar cell to a back contact on another solar cell. 12. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the solar cell structure includes layers forming a bypass diode. 13. The method as defined in claim 12, wherein the solar cell structure is lithographically patterned an etched to form at least one solar cell and one bypass diode. 14. The method as defined in claim 13, further comprising connecting said at least one solar cell and paid bypass diode in parallel. 15. The method as defined in claim 14, wherein the interconnection between said solar cell and paid bypass diode is performed by welding, soldering or wire bonding. 16. A method as defined in claim 1, wherein said depositing a sequence of layers comprises: forming an upper first solar subcell on said first substrate having a first band gap; forming a middle second solar subcell over said first solar subcell having a second band gap smaller than said first band gap; forming a graded interlayer over said second solar cell; and forming a lower third solar subcell over said graded interlayer having a fourth band gap smaller than said second band gap such that said third subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to said second subcell. 17. The method as defined in claim 1, wherein the graded interlayer has a third band gap greater than said second band gap. 18. The method as defined in claim 16, wherein the upper subcell is composed of InGa(Al)P. 19. The method as defined in claim 16, wherein the middle subcell is composed of an GaAs, GaInP, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN emitter region and a GaAs, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN base region. 20. The method as defined in claim 16, wherein the lower solar subcell is composed of an InGaAs base and emitter layer, or a InGaAs base layer and a InGaP emitter layer. 21. The method as defined in claim 16, wherein the graded interlayer is compositionally graded to lattice match the middle subcell on one side and the lower subcell on the other side. 22. The method as defined in claim 16, wherein the graded interlayer is composed of InGaAlAs. 23. The method as defined in claim 16, wherein the graded interlayer has approximately a 1.5 eV band gap throughout its thickness. 24. The method as defined in claim 16, wherein the graded interlayer is composed of any of the As, P, N, Sb based III-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the second solar cell and less than or equal to that of the second solar cell and less than or equal to that of the third solar cell, and having a band gap energy greater than that of the second solar cell. 25. The method as defined in claim 16, wherein said graded interlayer is composed of nine or more steps of layers of semiconductor material with monotonically changing lattice constant and constant band gap. 26. The method as defined in claim 1, further comprising: patterning said contact layer into a grid; and etching a trough around the periphery of said discrete solar cells so as to form a plurality of mesa structures on carrier. 27. A method as defined in claim 20, further comprising thinning the carrier and mounting the solar cell on a support. 28. A method of manufacturing a solar cell array comprising: providing a first semiconductor substrate for the epitaxial growth of semiconductor material; forming a first subcell layer on said substrate comprising a first semiconductor material with a first band gap and a first lattice constant; forming a second subcell layer over the first subcell layer comprising a second semiconductor material with a second band gap and a second lattice constant, wherein the second band gap is less than the first band gap and the second lattice constant is greater than the first lattice constant; and forming a lattice constant transition material positioned between the first subcell layer and the second subcell layer, said lattice constant transition material having a lattice constant that changes gradually from the first lattice constant to the second lattice constant; and mounting the semiconductor structure including said first and second subcell layer on a carrier; removing said first semiconductor substrate; and etching said first and said second subcell layers to the carrier so as to form a plurality of discrete solar cells mounted on the carrier. 29. A method as defined in claim 28, wherein said first subcell layer is composed of an GaInP, GaSa, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN emitter region and an GaAs, GaInAs, GaAsSb, or GaInAsN base region. 30. A method as defined in claim 28, wherein the second subcell layer is composed of an InGaAs base and emitter regions. 31. A method as defined in claim 28, wherein said transition material is composed of any of the As, P, N, Sb based III-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the first subcell layer and less than or equal to that of the second subcell layer, and having a band gap energy greater than that of the first subcell layer. 32. A method as defined in claim 28, wherein the transition material is composed of (In.sub.xGa.sub.1-x).sub.yAl.sub.1-yAs, with x and y selected such that the band gap of the transition material remains constant at a band gap energy greater than that of said first subcell. 33. A method as defined in claim 28, wherein the band gap of the transition material remains constant at approximately 1.50 eV. 34. A method of manufacturing an array of interconnected solar cells comprising: providing a first semiconductor substrate; depositing on a first substrate a sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming a solar cell; mounting a carrier on top of the sequence of layers; and forming a plurality of discrete solar cells from said sequence of layers; and electrically interconnecting said solar cells. 35. The method as defined in claim 34, wherein the interconnecting step includes forming a wire bond between the discrete solar cells. 36. The method as defined in claim 34, wherein the interconnecting step includes depositing a thin film conductive layer between the discrete solar cells. 37. The method as defined in claim 36, wherein the conductive layers extend from a front contact on one solar cell to a back contact on an adjacent solar cell. 38. The method as defined in claim 34, further comprising depositing a sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming a bypass diode on said semiconductor substrate 39. The method as defined in claim 38, further comprising electrically interconnecting a solar cell and a corresponding bypass diode in a parallel electrical circuit. 40. The method as defined in claim 39, wherein the interconnecting step includes depositing a thin film conductive layer between the solar cell and the corresponding bypass diode. 41. The method as defined in claim 34, wherein the sequence of layers of semiconductor material forms a triple junction solar cell, including top, middle and bottom solar subcells. 42. The method as defined in claim 34, wherein the mounting step includes adhering the solar cell to the carrier. 43. The method as defined in claim 34, wherein the carrier is selected from the group of sapphire, Ge, GaAs, or silicon. 44. The method as defined in claim 39, wherein the solar cell is bonded to said carrier by an adhesive. 45. The method as defined in claim 34, wherein the carrier is electrically insulating and the solar cell is eutectically bonded to the carrier. 46. The method as defined in claim 34, further comprising thinning the carrier to a predetermined thickness. 47. The method as defined in claim 34, further mounting the solar cell on a rigid coverglass; and removing the carrier. 48. A method as defined in claim 41, wherein said middle and bottom subcells are lattice mismatched. 49. A method as defined in claim 41, further comprising a graded interlayer disposed between said middle and bottom subcells, and has a band gap greater than the band gap of said middle subcell. 50. A method as defined in claim 49, wherein said graded interlayer is composed of any of the As, P, N, Sb based III-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the middle subcell and less than or equal to that of the bottom subcell. 51. A method as defined in claim 49, wherein the graded interlayer is composed of (In.sub.xGa.sub.1-x).sub.yAl.sub.1-yAs, with x and y selected such that the band gap of the interlayer remains constant at approximately 1.50 eV. 52. A multifunction solar cell array comprising: a plurality of solar cells mounted on a carrier, each solar cell including: (i) a first solar subcell having a first band gap; (ii) a second solar subcell disposed over the first solar subcell having a second band gap smaller than the first band gap; (iii) a graded interlayer disposed over the second subcell having a third band gap greater than the second band gap; (iv) a third solar subcell disposed over the graded interlayer having a fourth band gap smaller than the second band gap such that the third subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to the second subcell; and an electrical interconnect extending between respective pairs of said solar cells to connect said cells in an electrical circuit. 