A solar panel of a solar power generation system consisting housing within a roofing tile, photovoltaic panels and solar panel monitoring system disposed within the housing. The solar panel monitoring system, in turn, consists of solar panel processing circuitry, solar panel communications interface, solar panel memory and solar panel sensor coupled to the photovoltaic panel. The solar panel processing circuitry performs monitoring and maintenance activities within the roofing tile, by receiving sensory data from the solar panel sensor regarding performance of the photovoltaic panel and other modules and stores the received sensory data in the solar panel memory. In addition the solar panel processing circuitry is operable to deliver the stored sensory data to a central control unit via the solar panel communications interface. The other modules within the roofing tile includes solar panel communication and power interfaces, solar panel memory, heater assembly, electrical rotational assembly and lighting module, all of which are coupled to the photovoltaic panel via a solar panel power bus to receive power and interconnected via a solar panel communication bus.
Claims 1. A solar panel of a solar power generation system comprising: a housing; a photovoltaic panel disposed within the housing; a solar panel monitoring system comprising: solar panel processing circuitry; a solar panel communications interface; solar panel memory; and a solar panel sensor coupled to the photovoltaic panel; and wherein the solar panel processing circuitry is operable to receive sensory data from the solar panel sensor regarding performance of the photovoltaic panel and to store the received sensory data in the solar panel memory; and wherein the solar panel processing circuitry is operable to deliver the stored sensory data to a central control unit via the solar panel communications interface. 2. The solar panel of claim 1 further comprising: a solar panel power bus coupled to the photovoltaic panel and disposed within the housing; and a power interconnection disposed upon an external portion of the housing and electrically coupled to the solar panel power bus. 3. The solar panel tile of claim 2, wherein the solar panel power bus electrically couples to the solar panel monitoring system to power the solar panel monitoring system. 4. The solar panel of claim 1, wherein the solar panel communications interface supports wireless communications. 5. The solar panel of claim 1, wherein the solar panel communications interface supports wired communications via a wired communications port disposed on an external portion of the housing. 6. The solar panel of claim 1: further comprising a temperature sensor disposed within the housing; and wherein the solar panel processing circuitry is operable to receive temperature data from the temperature sensor, to store the temperature data within the solar panel memory, and to deliver the stored temperature data to a central control unit via the solar panel communications interface. 7. The solar panel of claim 1, wherein the solar panel monitoring system comprises a packaged integrated circuit electrically connected to the photovoltaic panel. 8. The solar panel of claim 1, wherein the processing circuitry delivers the stored sensory data to the central control unit via the solar panel communications interface upon demand from the central control unit. 9. The solar panel of claim 1, wherein the processing circuitry is operable to: receive the sensory data over time; determine that the photovoltaic panel requires maintenance based upon the sensory data received over time; and deliver a maintenance request to the central control unit via the solar panel communications interface. 10. The solar panel of claim 1, wherein the solar panel sensor includes a current sensor. 11. The solar panel of claim 1, wherein the housing includes a transparent covering that protects the photovoltaic panel and the solar panel monitoring system. 12. The solar panel of claim 1, further comprising an interconnection structure disposed on an external portion of the housing for interconnection to at least one other solar panel. 13 The solar panel of claim 1, further comprising an interconnection structure disposed on an external portion of the housing for interconnection to a solar panel generation system interconnection structure. 14. The solar panel of claim 1, wherein the wherein the solar panel monitoring system further comprises a light sensor. 15. The solar panel of claim 1, further comprising an electrical rotational assembly upon which the photovoltaic panel mounts and that is operational to position the photovoltaic panel for enhanced power generation. 16. The solar panel of claim 1, further comprising a heater operable to heat a surface of the housing to melt accumulated snow. 17. A method for operating a solar panel of a solar power generation system that includes a housing, a photovoltaic panel disposed within the housing, and a solar panel monitoring system that includes solar panel processing circuitry, a solar panel communications interface, solar panel memory, and a solar panel sensor coupled to the photovoltaic panel, the method comprising: receiving sensory data from the solar panel sensor regarding performance of the photovoltaic panel; storing the received sensory data in the solar panel memory; and delivering the stored sensory data to a central control unit via the solar panel communications interface. 18. The method of claim 17 further comprising coupling electrical power generated by the photovoltaic panel to an external portion of the housing via a solar panel power bus coupled to the photovoltaic panel and disposed within the housing. 19. The method of claim 18, further comprising powering the solar panel monitoring system via the solar panel power bus. 20. The method of claim 17, wherein delivering the stored sensory data to the central control unit via the solar panel communications interface includes wirelessly communicating via the solar panel communications interface. 21. The method of claim 17, wherein delivering the stored sensory data to the central control unit via the solar panel communications interface includes communicating via a wired communications port disposed on an external portion of the housing. 22. The method of claim 17, further comprising: receiving temperature data regarding temperatures within the housing via a temperature sensor; storing the temperature data within the solar panel memory; and delivering the stored temperature data to a central control unit via the solar panel communications interface. 23. The method of claim 17, wherein delivering the stored sensory data to the central control unit via the solar panel communications interface is performed in response to a request received from the central control unit. 24. The method of claim 17, further comprising: receiving the sensory data over time; determining that the photovoltaic panel requires maintenance based upon the sensory data received over time; and delivering a maintenance request to the central control unit via the solar panel communications interface. 25. The method of claim 17, wherein receiving sensory data from the solar panel sensor regarding performance of the photovoltaic panel includes receiving current generation data regarding the photovoltaic panel. 26. The method of claim 17, further comprising positioning the photovoltaic panel for enhanced power generation. 27. The method of claim 17, further comprising heating at least one of the photovoltaic panel and the housing to melt accumulated snow. 