A circuit that tracks the maximum power point of the solar cell is disclosed in the present invention. Unlikely conventional way of maximum power point tracking (maximum power point is referred to as MPP hereinafter; maximum power point tracking is referred to as MPPT hereinafter) which tracks MPP in the time frame of second or minutes, in the disclosed invention, MPP is tracked within the switching cycle, using the natural current ripple of the downstream converter circuit. The switching cycle is in the order of 10s of micro-seconds. Within the switching cycle of the converter, there is a natural current ripple which will result in the power change. The MPPT circuit tracks the power change and adjusts the current reference value accordingly to operate at MPP of the solar cell.
Claims 1. A method and apparatus of a maximum power point tracking circuit for solar power generation, wherein the circuit relies on the natural current ripple to determine the direction towards the maximum power point, and updates the current reference in the next switching cycle according. With this method, minimal disturbance is given to the system, and fast response time is achieved. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein a voltage sensor and a current sensor are used to monitor the solar cell voltage and solar cell output current. An analog multiplier is used to get the product of the voltage and the current, which is the solar cell output power. The derivative of the output power dP/dt is measured using a differential circuit. The sign of dP/dt is sensed using a zero-crossing comparator. The sign of dP/dt at the end of the turn on period of each switching cycle is latched using a D-flipflop, with the falling edge of the gate signal as the clock, and the sign of dP/dt as the input. The latched sign of dP/dt at the end of the turn on period of the switching cycle is passed to the `Controlled Incremental Circuit` to determine if the current reference Iref need to be increased or decreased. If the latched dP/dt is logic high (which means dP/dt is positive), then the current reference Iref is increased in the next switching cycle; if the latch dP/dt is logic low (which means dP/dt is negative), then the current reference Iref is decreased in the next switching cycle. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the `Control Incremental Circuit` is implemented with the circuit shown in FIG. 6. The increased or decreased Iref value for the next switching cycle is limited to a very small value. The limitation of the step size is implemented using the op-amp circuit shown in FIG. 6. The capacitor C1 in FIG. 6 is used to set the level of the change. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the maximum power point tracking circuit is integrated into an integrated circuit. 5. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein the integrated circuit includes the switching control circuit. 6. The apparatus of claim 5., wherein the included switching control is composed of a hysteretic comparator circuit and a maximum off-time circuit, as shown in FIG. 8. 7. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein the included switching control circuit is disabled, and external switching control circuit with other switching pattern is used instead. 