The present invention relates to a creature-machine hybrid detector system capable of autonomously detecting illicit and hazardous materials. This hybrid detector comprises of an explosives detecting creature trained in the art of detecting illicit and hazardous materials that is additionally outfitted with a battery operated lightweight and portable electronics-based detector machine ensemble capable of real-time characterizations of vapor, liquid and gaseous phase materials towards which the creature displays a positive alert response, two-way wireless video, data, voice, location and image connectivity, a creature-heartbeat detector, and the capacity for interaction to remote personnel within the field of operations through a hand-held display or to a central control unit. Such a detector will combine the autonomous search-and-detect capability of a detector creature trained in the art of detection of illicit and hazardous materials with the multi-perspective material identification and characterization capability of electronics-based detector machines and instruments and will have superb advantages over currently available biological or electronic detection systems.
Claims 1. A hybridized creature-machine detection unit capable of autonomous detection of illicit or hazardous materials, wherein the detector unit comprises of: (a) a detector creature that is previously trained in the detection of illicit, illegal and hazardous materials, and outfitted with, (b) a machine, instrument or electronic device comprising of a detection system capable of analyzing and identifying illicit and hazardous materials, and whereby the detector creature capable of undergoing the process of biological detection of an illicit, illegal, or hazardous material serves as the source of motility and direction for the hybrid detector while the machine component simultaneously detects, analyzes and identifies the physicochemical characteristics of the material being tracked and detected by the creature, in real time. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein the detector creature is chosen from the group of mammals, birds, insects and fish. 3. the method of claim 1, wherein the detecting machine, instrument or electronic device is capable of bulk or trace detection methods. 4. The method of claim 1 wherein the detecting instrument or machine uses the technologies of neutron or nuclear analysis, backscatter, spectrophotometry, chromatography, optics, electromagnetism, electronics, resonance, biosensing or imaging for detection. 5. The method of claim 1 where the illicit or hazardous material to be detected is of a chemical or biological nature. 6. The method of claim 2 wherein the detector creature is an explosives detecting creature 7. The method of claim 2 wherein the detector creature is a narcotics detecting creature 8. The method of claim 2 wherein the detector creature is human-scent tracking creature 9. The method of claim 2, wherein the detector creature detects chemical and biological contaminants 10. The method of claim 2 wherein the detecting creature is a canine. 11. The method of claim 2 wherein the detector creature is a mouse. 12. The method of claim 2 wherein the detector creature is a fish. 13. The method of claim 5, wherein the illicit or hazardous material is an explosive substance. 14. The method of claim 5 wherein the illicit or hazardous material is a narcotic substance. 15. The method of claim 5 wherein the illicit or hazardous material is a plant 16. The method of claim 5 wherein the illicit or hazardous material is an animal 17. The method of claim 16 wherein the illicit or hazardous animal is a human being 18. The method of claim 4 wherein the instrument is attached to a harness that can be attached to the body of the creature. 19. The method of claim 1 wherein information from the machine, instrument or electronics device can be wirelessly transmitted. 20. The method of claim 4 wherein the instrument or machine is strapped to the body of the creature 21. The method of claim 18 wherein the harness is a vest or neck collar for the creature 22. The method of claim 18 wherein the harness is a chest harness or back harness for the creature 23. The method of claim 18 wherein the harness is a head harness for the creature 24. The method of claim 4 wherein the machine or instrument-based component of the hybrid detection system also comprises a microphone, ear piece, GPS locator, video camera, temperature and humidity sensor, lights, compass, and heartbeat detecting and monitoring components, a battery pack, and a wireless transmitter to transmit information from all these components to a remote receiver unit. 25. The method of claim 24 wherein all instruments can be battery operated 26. The method of claim 25 wherein the batteries are rechargeable by electric charging 27. The method of claim 25 wherein the batteries can be recharged using solar energy 28. The method of claim 24 wherein the instrument data can be wirelessly transmitted 29. The method of claim 24 wherein components data can be wirelessly transmitted 30. The method of claim 24 wherein the machine components are rendered water resistant. 31. The method of claim 13 wherein the explosive substance is selected from the group consisting of 5-nitro triazol-3-one (NTO), trinitrotoluene (TNT), trinitrotriamino benzene (TATB), 3,5-dinitro-2,6-bis-picrylamino pyridine (PYX), nitroglycerine (NG), ethylene glycol dinitrate (EGDN), diethylene glycol dinitrate (DEGDN), 2,2-bis[(nitroxy)methyl]-1,3-propanediol dinitrate (or pentaeritol tetranitrate) (PETN), trimethylol ethyl trinitrate (TMETN), tetryl, hexahydro-1,3,5-trinitro-1,3,5-triazine (RDX), methylamine nitrate, octahydro-1,3,5,7-tetranitro-1,3,5,7-tetrazocine (HMX), nitroguanidine, potassium nitrate, ammonium nitrate, urea nitrate, ammonium picrate, nitrocellulose, triacetone triperoxide (TATP), diacetone peroxide, tributanone triperoxide (TBTP), hexamethylene triperoxide (HMTD), mannitol hexanitrate, cyclohexanone peroxide, smokeless powder, black powder, diacetone alcohol peroxide, methylcyclohexanoneperoxide, or any combinations thereof. 32. The method of claim 14, where the narcotic substance is selected from the group consisting of cocaine, heroin, amphetamines, methylenedioxymethamphetamines, marijuana, barbiturates, or any combinations thereof. 