A four wheeled, human-powered, striding cycle that uses the stepping and striding motion of the human legs to propel a rider forward. Two separate and dependent foot pedals are moved fore and aft along a concaved arc segment. The motion simulates the natural stepping and striding motion of a running human. A standing human steps on a pedal, then moves it down and aft in a striding motion. As one pedal is moved aft, the other pedal moves forward in a reciprocating fashion. A cable and pulley system connects each pedal with its respective rear wheel. Pedal motion aft applies torque to its respective drive shaft which in turn rotates its respective drive wheel. Pedal motion forward also provides torque to the opposing drive shaft creating additional torque for the opposite wheel. Forward motion begins when force is exerted down and aft on each pedal by the stepping and striding motion of the human leg. The downward and repetitive stepping and striding motion provides the rider with forward motion and an intense aerobic exercise.
Claims 1.) A four wheeled, human-powered, striding cycle using a unique parabolic arc, steeper in the front and less steep in the back to efficiently convert the striding motion of a running human into a useful means to propel a 4-wheeled cycle at moderate speeds, providing a rider physical training and transportation; consisting of a cyclist having two feet and standing moving skate pedals down and along a concaved arc segment in a reciprocating manner; the concaved arc segment being steeper in the front, taking advantage of the gravitational advantage of a stepping human and less steep in the back taking mechanical advantage of the striding motion of a human leg while running; each pedal connected to its respective rear wheel via a cable and drive axle system; each pedal further being connected to each other with two cables and a series of pulleys allowing the pedals to be moved in a reciprocating manner; the standing cyclist applying a downward and aft force to the pedal causing its respective rear wheel to rotate while simultaneously returning the opposing pedal to its starting position with additional force being supplied to the opposing wheel as each pedal is moved forward; the cyclist creates forward motion while striding. 2.) A skate pedal drive system that converts pedal motion into a useable rotational force that efficiently turns two rear cycle wheels, propelling a cyclist; consisting of a left and right set of pulleys, one for each pedal to include: an upper pulley, one or two lower pulleys, multiple smaller pulleys attached to the bottom of each left and right arc segment, and two central drive sprockets each connected to two rear cycle wheels; two drive cables, one for the left pedal and one for the right pedal are drawn under a series of smaller pulleys; the cable is further drawn around larger upper and lower pulleys before being connected to two independent central drive sprockets which are separately connected to respective cycle wheels via a chain, belt, or cable. 3.) The skate-pedal drive system of claim 2 further comprising a skate-pedal return system using two separate cables for each pedal, one forward and one aft connected to the front and back of each pedal; each cable drawn under a series of small pulleys located under each arc rail segment allowing the cable to travel the equivalent distance traveled by the pedal then around two forward and two rear pulleys allowing each pedal to be moved fore and aft as in a reciprocating fashion; as the rider moves one pedal aft, he/she simultaneously pulls the other pedal forward and vice-versa; forward pedal motion further supplying additional torque and forward rotation to the opposing drive wheel. 4.) The skate-pedal drive system of claim 2 further comprising of two pedals, each containing wheels which secure it to the track or rail, allowing movement down and up an inclined arc segment; each pedal further comprising of a flat upper foot surface which remains nearly horizontal at its most forward and highest point; an adjustable strap further located on the upper surface of each pedal to secure the human foot; each pedal further comprising of a lower fin in the shape of an upside down "T" used to connect each pedal to four cables, two drive cable and two pedal return cables. 5.) A stable four-wheeled (non limiting) chassis and frame designed for a vertically standing human comprising: a. a rectangular base frame chassis b. two unique steering column assemblies which allow comfortable steering with one or both hands c. support rails that provide elevation for the skate pedals, each with an identical arc shape having a steeper front and a less steep rear d. adjustable lifting stilts used to raise the cycle for indoor use e. a frame attachment to support a power supply for future adaptations. 6.) The chassis and frame design of claim 5 further comprising of a rectangular base frame narrow enough for the cycle to be used on a sidewalk and long enough to contain the stride of a running human; beams, each running lengthwise and providing support for the vertical arc structure and steering assembly mounting; two outer rear support arms which support the outer axles of both rear bicycle wheels; two rear inner support arms used to support the inner axles of both rear bicycle wheels and a lifting bar on the rear of the frame. 7. The chassis and frame design of claim 5 further comprising of two forward steering assembles with telescoping handle bars, separated by a shoulders width allowing a rider to lean forward through the bars; two steering assemblies being rotatable and attached to the frame chassis; two separate forks, one under each steering assembly and each supporting its own cycle wheel. 8. The chassis and frame design of claim 5 further comprising rails with a distinctive concave shape having a steeper front and less steep rear with a tubular or grooved track to hold the skate-pedal in place. 9. The chassis and frame design of claim 5 further comprising of lifting stilts used to raise the cycle for indoor use; the stilts being adjustable in height to allow the rear cycle wheels to turn freely. 10. The chassis and frame design of claim 5 further encompassing a removable frame attachment at the rear of the cycle to be used as a support for future external motor applications i.e. gas, battery, pneumatic, solar-electric, etc. 