A structure installation stand 1 according to the present invention includes: a mounting rail 4 on which a structure is mounted; and a metal tap fitting 31 that locks the structure onto the mounting rail 4. The mounting rail 4 is configured to include at least a middle plate 11a that extends in the lengthwise direction of the mounting rail 4, and two side plates 11b that are parallel to each other on both sides of the middle plate 11a, and the metal tap fitting 31 is configured to include a middle plate 31b, two side plates 31d that are parallel to each other on both sides of the middle plate 31b, and support pieces 31a that protrude above the middle plate 31d from the side plates 31d, respectively. The metal tap fitting 31 is disposed inside the mounting rail 4 such that the side plates 31d of the metal tap fitting 31 are perpendicular to the side plates 11b of the mounting rail 4, and the support pieces 31a of the metal tap fitting 31 protrude from a hole 11d of the middle plate 11a of the mounting rail 4 so that the structure is locked onto the mounting rail 4 by the support pieces 31a of the metal tap fitting 31.
Claims 1.-6. (canceled) 7. A structure installation stand comprising: a mounting rail on which a structure is mounted; and a metal tap fitting for fixing the structure onto the mounting rail, wherein the mounting rail includes at least a middle plate that extends in a lengthwise direction of the mounting rail and two side plates that are parallel to each other on both sides of the middle plate, the metal tap fitting includes a middle plate, two side plates that are parallel to each other on both sides of the middle plate thereof, and support pieces that protrude above the middle plate thereof from the side plates, respectively, and the metal tap fitting is disposed inside the mounting rail with the support pieces of the metal tap fitting protruding from a hole of the middle plate of the mounting rail, so that the structure is fixed onto the mounting rail by the support pieces of the metal tap fitting. 8. The structure installation stand according to claim 7, wherein the structure is supported by being sandwiched between the support pieces. 9. The structure installation stand according to claim 7, wherein the side plates of the metal tap fitting are double ply by being folded in two, and the support pieces of the metal tap fitting protrude above the middle plate of the metal tap fitting from ends of the side plates. 10. The structure installation stand according to claim 8, wherein the support pieces that protrude from the ends of the side plates of the metal tap fitting have a T-shaped head portion, and the ends of the side plates of the metal tap fitting are recessed below an upper surface of the middle plate of the metal tap fitting. 11. The structure installation stand according to claim 7, wherein the middle plate of the metal tap fitting is fixed inside the mounting rail so as to overlap the middle plate of the mounting rail. 12. The structure installation stand according to claim 7, wherein a length of the side plates of the metal tap fitting and an inner distance between the side plates of the mounting rail are made substantially equal. 13. The structure installation stand according to claim 7, and wherein the support pieces of the metal tap fitting have a T-shaped head portion, the hole of the middle plate of the mounting rail is formed by connecting an insert slit through which the T-shaped head portions of the support pieces are inserted and an engagement hole in which the T-shaped head portions of the support pieces are hooked, so that the T-shaped head portions of the support pieces are inserted through the insert slit and guided to the engagement hole. 14. A construction structure in which the structure installation stand according to claim 7 is used, the construction structure comprising: a plurality of the structure installation stands that are arranged side by side; a plurality of cross rails that are disposed on the mounting rails of the structure installation stands straddling the mounting rails and that are supported by being sandwiched between the support pieces of the metal tap fitting protruding from the hole of the middle plate of the mounting rails of the structure installation stands; and a solar cell module that is supported by being sandwiched between the cross rails. 15. A construction method in which the structure installation stand according to claim 7 is used so as to support a solar cell module, the method comprising the steps of: arranging a plurality of the structure installation stands side by side; disposing a plurality of cross rails on the mounting rails of the structure installation stands arranged side by side straddling the mounting rails with a spacing therebetween, and supporting the cross rails by sandwiching each of the cross rails between the support pieces of the metal tap fitting that protrude from the hole of the middle plate of the mounting rails; and sandwiching a solar cell module between the cross rails. 