Apparatus for coupling generated power to an output load. The apparatus comprises a first mounting rail, adapted for electrically coupling a power element to the output load. The first mounting rail comprises a frame defining a cavity; an insulative material disposed within at least a portion of the cavity; and a first at least two conductors, encapsulated within the insulative material, adapted for coupling power from the power element to the output load.
Claims 1. A system for coupling generated power to an output load, comprising: a first mounting rail, adapted for electrically coupling a power element to the output load, comprising: a frame defining a cavity; an insulative material disposed within at least a portion of the cavity; and a first at least two conductors, encapsulated within the insulative material, adapted for coupling power from the power element to the output load. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein each conductor of the first at least two conductors comprises a pair of bus bars extending a length of the frame. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein bus bars in the pair of bus bars are spaced apart such that a connector of the power element disposed between the bus bars makes electrical contact with the bus bars. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the first mounting rail is adapted for mechanically mounting the power element such that each connector of at least two connectors of the power element is aligned for making electrical contact with a conductor of the first at least two conductors. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein each conductor of the first at least two conductors carries a phase of AC power or a neutral line. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the insulative material is capable of being penetrated by at least two pins of the power element for making electrical contact with the first at least two conductors. 7. The system of claim 1, further comprising the power element. 8. The system of claim 7, wherein the power element is an inverter. 9. The system of claim 7, wherein the power element comprises at least two pins for providing the power, the at least two pins adapted for piercing the insulative material to contact the first at least two conductors. 10. The system of claim 9, further comprising a sealant for sealing the at least two pins with the insulative material when the power element is coupled to the first mounting rail. 11. The system of claim 7, further comprising a coupling mechanism adapted for mechanically coupling a second mounting rail to the first mounting rail such that a second at least two conductors is electrically coupled to the first at least two conductors. 12. The system of claim 1, wherein the mounting rail is adapted for mechanically mounting a PV module coupled to the power element. 13. The system of claim 1, wherein the insulative material is a substantially resilient polymer having limited moisture absorption properties. 14. The system of claim 1, wherein the power element is a photovoltaic (PV) module, a DC junction box, a DC/DC converter, or a DC/AC inverter. 15. A method for creating a mounting rail for coupling generated power to an output load, comprising: maintaining each conductor of at least two conductors in a spaced apart position within a cavity of a frame of the mounting rail, wherein the at least two conductors are adapted for coupling output power from a power element to the output load; filling at least a portion of the cavity with an insulative material such that the insulative material encapsulates the at least two conductors. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein each conductor of the at least two conductors comprises a pair of bus bars extending a length of the frame. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein the frame is adapted for mounting the power element. 18. The method of claim 15, wherein the power element is an inverter. 19. The method of claim 15, wherein the insulative material is a substantially resilient polymer having limited moisture absorption properties. 20. The method of claim 15, wherein the at least two conductors are maintained in the spaced apart position by at least one stabilizing bracket. 