Systems and methods that regulate (e.g., in real time) heat dissipation from solar concentrators. A heat regulating assembly removes heat from the PV cells and other hot regions, to maintain the temperature gradient within predetermined levels. A control component can regulate (e.g., automatically) operation of valves (which the cooling medium flows through) based on sensor data (e.g., measurement of temperature, pressure, flow rate, velocity of the cooling medium, and the like throughout the system.)
Claims 1. A system for solar energy concentration comprising: a plurality of solar concentrators; a heat regulating assembly having conduits that conveys a cooling medium for dissipation of heat generated from the solar concentrators, flow of the cooling medium controlled by a plurality of valves; and a control component that controls operation of the valves in real time based on data collected from the system and temperature of the solar concentrators. 2. The system of claim 1, a solar concentrator as part of the plurality of solar concentrators is a solar thermal. 3. The system of claim 1, a further solar concentrator as part of the plurality of solar connectors includes a modular arrangement of photovoltaic (PV) cells. 4. The system of claim 1, the data includes at least one of a temperature, pressure, or flow rate of the cooling medium. 5. The system of claim 3, the data is the temperature of the photovoltaic cells. 6. The system of claim 3 further comprising a pump(s) that facilitates flow of the cooling medium throughout the conduits. 7. The system of claim 1, the conduit is a pipeline. 8. The system of claim 1, the cooling medium free flows through the conduit. 9. The system of claim 1, flow of the cooling medium is pressurized. 10. The system of claim 1 further comprising an artificial intelligence component that facilitates heat dissipation from the plurality of solar concentrators. 11. A method of regulating heat flow comprising: receiving radiation by a solar concentrator(s); estimating by a heat regulation device amount of cooling medium required to dissipate heat generated by the solar concentrator(s); and regulating operation of valves to facilitate flow of the cooling medium based on temperature measured from the solar concentrator(s). 12. The method of claim 11, the regulating act based on measurements of flow within a Venturi tube. 13. The method of claim 11 further comprising monitoring temperature of PV cells associated with the solar concentrators. 14. The method of claim 13 further comprising regulating in real-time heat dissipation from the PV cells based on the monitoring act. 15. The method of claim 11 further comprising supplying the cooling medium as a pre-heated fluid to customers or for subsequent heating thereof. 16. The method of claim 13 further comprising generating temperature grid map of an assembly for the PV cells. 17. The method of claim 11, the regulating act based on data collected from the cooling medium. 18. The method of claim 11 further comprising employing a closed loop control to mitigate errors. 19. The method of claim 11 further comprising detecting faults in circulation of the cooling medium via at least one of a change in pressure, flow rate, or velocity of the cooling medium. 20. A heat regulating assembly comprising: means for cooling solar concentrator in real time via flow of a medium through valves; and means for regulating operation of the valves. 21. A method of optimizing energy output from a plurality of solar concentrators, comprising: generating energy from both solar thermals and PV cells; absorbing heat from the solar thermals and PV cells via a cooling medium; varying the absorbing act based on regulating valves that control flow of the cooling medium based on temperatures measured from the solar thermals or the PV cells, or a combination thereof, and optimizing the generating act based on predetermined criteria. 22. The method of claim 21, the predetermined criteria includes one of electricity prices or temperature difference between an ambient temperature and temperature of the cooling medium. 23. An integrated solar concentrator module comprising; a solar concentrator a pipe segment with a valve; and the pipe segment connected to the solar concentrator for a cooling thereof via a cooling medium regulated by the valve, the pipe segment attachable to a pipe line that transports the cooling medium. 24. The integrated solar concentrator module of claim 23 further comprising a sensor(s) that measures pressure, velocity, temperature, or flow rate of the cooling medium. 25. The integrated solar concentrator module of claim 23 further comprising a housing that one of partially or fully contains the integrated solar concentrator. 26. The integrated solar concentrator module of claim 25 further comprising a Venturi directly molded into the housing. 