An apparatus for harvesting solar power includes a photovoltaic array for generating a DC voltage; a discharge circuit for causing the DC voltage to decay from a first value to a second value; and an inverter circuit for transforming an output voltage from the discharge circuit into an AC voltage.
Claims 1. An apparatus for harvesting solar power, said apparatus comprising: a photovoltaic array for generating a DC voltage; a discharge circuit for causing the DC voltage to decay from a first value to a second value; and an inverter circuit for transforming an output voltage from the discharge circuit into an AC voltage. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the discharge circuit comprises: a discharge resistor, and a discharge switch in series with the discharge resistor; wherein the discharge circuit is in parallel with the inverter circuit. 3. (canceled) 4. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the switch has a voltage rating equal to the voltage rating of the inverter circuit. 5. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the discharge circuit further comprises a clamping diode in parallel with the discharge resistor. 6. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the discharge circuit comprises a capacitance in parallel with the discharge resistor and the discharge switch, and wherein the discharge resistance is selected to discharge the bus capacitance quickly enough to prevent overheating at least one of the discharge resistor and the discharge switch when the discharge switch is closed. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the inverter circuit comprises a plurality of parallel pairs of switching elements, each pair including a first switching element in series with a second switching element. 8. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein a difference between the first value and the second value is sufficiently large to accommodate voltage transients resulting from activity of the inverter circuit. 9. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a discharge controller for controlling the discharge circuit, the discharge controller being programmed to control the decay of the DC voltage. 10. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein the discharge controller is configured to control the decay automatically in response to receiving an instruction. 11. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the discharge resistor has a discharge resistance selected to minimize energy absorbed by the discharge resistor subject to the constraint that transient current ratings of the discharge resistor and the discharge switch not be exceeded. 12. An apparatus for reducing a voltage generated by a photovoltaic array, said apparatus comprising: means for causing a DC voltage generated by a photovoltaic array to decay from a first value to a second value; and an inverter circuit for transforming an output voltage from the discharge circuit into an AC voltage. 13. A method for disabling and re-enabling an inverter circuit connected to a photovoltaic array, said method comprising: disabling an inverter circuit from interacting with the photovoltaic array; draining a voltage generated by the photovoltaic array from a first value to a second value; and after the voltage has reached the second value, re-enabling interaction between the inverter circuit and the photovoltaic array. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein draining a voltage comprises allowing current to flow through a resistance connected in parallel with the voltage generated by the photovoltaic array. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein allowing current to flow comprises closing a switch in series with the resistance. 16. The method of claim 13, wherein draining the voltage comprises causing a transition from the first value to the second value within a time interval selected to be short enough to avoid overheating circuit components. 17. (canceled) 18. The method of claim 15, further comprising clamping the voltage across the switch to a value equal to a concurrent voltage generated by the photovoltaic array. 19. The method of claim 13, further comprising receiving an instruction to re-enable the inverter circuit, and wherein draining the voltage is executed automatically in response to the instruction. 20. The method of claim 13, further comprising selecting the second value to be greater than an MPP operating voltage of the array. 21. The method of claim 13, further comprising selecting the second value to be less than a maximum power point operating voltage of the photovoltaic array. 22. The method of claim 21, further comprising detecting that the voltage has reached the second value, and waiting for a selected interval prior to enabling the interaction between the inverter circuit and the photovoltaic array. 