The solar canopy support system has at least two beam support columns. Each beam support column has a first end connected to a ground surface and extends substantially vertically along a longitudinal axis from the first end to a second end. There is also a zee channel support beam connected at the second end of each beam support column. The zee channel support beam includes a longitudinal axis within about 0 degrees to about 30 degrees of perpendicular to the longitudinal axis of each beam support column. There are also two or more zee channels. Each zee channel has a first end connected to an upper portion of one zee channel support beam and has a second end connected to an upper portion of another zee channel support beam. Each zee channel includes a longitudinal axis substantially perpendicular to the longitudinal axis of each zee channel support beam; at least one solar power array connected on an upper portion of at least two zee channels.
Claims 1. A solar canopy support system comprising: (a) at least two substantially horizontally disposed zee channel support beams for supporting at least two zee channels, and (b) at least two zee channels for supporting at least one solar power array and fixedly attached to the at least two zee channel support beams, each zee channel having a first end disposed at an upper portion of one zee channel support beam and having a second end disposed at an upper portion of another zee channel support beam, each zee channel comprising a longitudinal axis substantially perpendicular to the longitudinal axis of each zee channel support beam. 2. The solar canopy support system of claim 1, wherein each zee channel is longitudinally oriented opposite to the longitudinally orientation of each adjacent zee channel. 3. A solar canopy support system comprising: (a) at least two beam support columns, each beam support column having a first end connected to a ground surface and extending substantially vertically along a longitudinal axis from the first end to a second end; (b) a zee channel support beam disposed at the second end of each beam support column, the zee channel support beam comprising a longitudinal axis within about 0 degrees to about 30 degrees of perpendicular to the longitudinal axis of each beam support column; (c) at least two zee channels, each zee channel having a first end disposed at an upper portion of one zee channel support beam and having a second end disposed at an upper portion of another zee channel support beam, each zee channel comprising a longitudinal axis substantially perpendicular to the longitudinal axis of each zee channel support beam; (d) at least one solar power array disposed on an upper portion of the at least two zee channels. 4. (canceled) 5. The solar canopy support system of claim 1, wherein each beam support column is removably attached to a reinforced concrete bollard disposed in the ground. 6. The solar canopy support system of claim 3, further comprising a flange disposed at the first end of each beam support column for removably attaching the first end of each beam support column to the reinforced concrete bollard. 7. The solar canopy support system of claim 1, Wherein the zee channel support beam is removably attached at the second end of each beam support column. 8. The solar canopy support system of claim 5, further comprising a flange disposed substantially perpendicular to the longitudinal axis of the beam support column at the second end of each beam support column for removably attaching the second end of the beam support column to the zee channel support beams. 9. The solar canopy support system of claim 1, wherein each zee channel support beam is disposed substantially parallel to one another. 10. The solar canopy support system of claim 1, wherein each solar power array is disposed on an upper portion of at least two zee channels. 11. The solar canopy support system of claim 1, wherein a mid-portion of each zee channel support beam is disposed substantially at the second end of each beam support column. 12. The solar canopy support system of claim 1, wherein each zee channel is disposed in a reverse orientation to each adjacent zee channel. 13. The solar canopy support system of claim 10, wherein each solar power array is disposed on an upper portion of two zee channels and wherein an upper edge portion of the upper portion of each zee channel is facing inward toward a space between the two zee channels. 14. The solar canopy support system of claim 1, further comprising at least two zee channel attachment flanges disposed on an upper portion of each zee channel support beam, the zee channel attachment flanges having a longitudinal axis disposed substantially perpendicular to the longitudinal axis of the see channel support beam, for attaching the zee channels. 15. The solar canopy support system of claim 12, wherein each zee channel is removably attached to zee channel attachment flanges integral with the zee channel support beams. 16. A method of mounting a solar canopy comprising: (a) affixing at least two beam support columns to a ground surface, each beam support column having a first end connected to the ground surface and extending substantially vertically along a longitudinal axis from the first end to a second end; (b) affixing a zee channel support beam to the second end of each beam support column, the zee channel support beam comprising a longitudinal axis within about 0 degrees to about 30 degrees of perpendicular to the longitudinal axis of each beam support column; (c) affixing at least two zee channels to the at least two zee channel support beams, each zee channel having a first end disposed at an upper portion of one zee channel support beam and having a second end disposed at an upper portion of another zee channel support beam, each zee channel comprising a longitudinal axis substantially perpendicular to the longitudinal axis of each zee channel support beam; (d) affixing at least one solar power array to an upper portion of the at least two zee channels. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein each beam support column is removably attached to a reinforced concrete bollard disposed in the ground. 18. The method of claim 16, wherein the zee channel support beam is removably attached at the second end of each beam support column. 19. (canceled) 20. The method of claim 16, wherein each solar power array is disposed on an upper portion of at least two zee channels. 21. The solar canopy support system of claim 20, wherein each zee channel is disposed in a reverse orientation to each adjacent zee channel. 22. The solar canopy support system of claim 16, wherein each solar power array is disposed on an upper portion of two zee channels and wherein an upper 