An apparatus, method and system for sensing parameters related to water and/or ice being dispensed from a dispensing station of a refrigerated appliance is disclosed. The dispensing system includes a sensing system positionable at the dispensing station at the point of dispension for liquid and/or ice to sense a parameter related to dispensed water and/or ice and produce a sensing signal.
Claims 1. A refrigerated appliance comprising: a. a housing; b. a dispensing system at the housing comprising: i. a dispensing station; ii. a dispensing outlet positioned to dispense water and/or ice at the dispensing station; and c. a sensing system at the dispensing station adapted to sense a parameter related to dispensed water and/or ice and produce a sensing signal. 2. The refrigerated appliance of claim 1 further comprising a control system in operative communication with the sensing system and adapted to: a. receive the sensing signal; b. process the sensing signal; c. generate a response to the sensing signal; and/or d. record the sensing signal. 3. The refrigerated appliance of claim 2 further comprising a user notification system in operative communication with the control system and adapted to generate a notification signal in response to the control signal. 4. The refrigerated appliance of claim 3 wherein the sensing system, the control system and the user notification system are integrated into a module adapted for removable mounting at the dispensing station. 5. The refrigerated appliance of claim 4 wherein the module comprises an attachment point adapted to removably affix to a complementary portion of the dispensing station to mount at the dispensing station. 6. The refrigerated appliance of claim 5 wherein the module comprises at least one exterior portion adapted to fit with the complementary portion of the dispensing station. 7. The refrigerated appliance of claim 6 wherein the exterior portion is configured cosmetically to match the complementary portion. 8. The refrigerated appliance of claim 5 wherein the module comprises a picture frame geometry having a faceplate adapted to seat flush against peripheral inner walls of the dispensing station to keep the dispensing outlet fully accessible. 9. The refrigerated appliance of claim 8 wherein the faceplate is removably attached to the picture frame geometry whereby the faceplate matching the complementary portion of the dispensing station may be selected. 10. The refrigerated appliance of claim 4 wherein the module further comprises a user control interface in operative communication with the control system for operating the: a. sensing system; b. user notification system; c. control system; and/or d. a secondary system in operative communication with the module. 11. The refrigerated appliance of claim 4 wherein the module is in operative communication with a power source adapted to power the module. 12. The refrigerated appliance of claim 11 wherein the power source for the module comprises at least one of: a. the refrigerated appliance; b. an electrochemical cell; c. a photovoltaic cell; d. a power generator operated by water and/or ice dispension; or e. inductive powering. 13. The refrigerated appliance of claim 12 wherein the photovoltaic cell is mounted: a. locally at the module for capturing ambient light and/or exterior lighting associated with the dispensing system and module; and/or b. remotely at the dispensing station near a light source for capturing lighting associated with the dispensing station. 14. The refrigerated appliance of claim 1 wherein the parameter related to water and/or ice comprises at least one of: a. quantity; b. quality; c. condition; d. presence; e. contamination; f. turbidity; g. temperature; h. chemical make-up; i. physical make-up; or j. user consumption. 15. The refrigerated appliance of claim 1 wherein the sensing system senses the parameter related to water and/or ice using at least one of: a. a flow meter; b. a water quality meter; c. a spectral sensor; d. a temperature gauge; e. an optical fiber sensor; f. a motion sensor; g. a sonar sensor; h. a conductivity sensor; i. a capacitive sensor; j. an inductive sensor; k. an optical sensor; l. a light sensor; or m. a pH sensor. 16. The refrigerated appliance of claim 3 wherein the notification signal comprises one or more of: a. a visible signal; b. an audible signal; or c. a tactile signal. 17. The refrigerated appliance of claim 3 wherein the user notification system providing the notification signal comprises at least one of: a. a light; b. a sound generator; c. a tactile signal generator; or d. a textual display. 18. The refrigerated appliance of claim 3 wherein the control system further comprises a data store in operative communication with the user notification system and the sensing system and adapted to store/record the sensing signal. 19. The refrigerated appliance of claim 3 wherein the sensing system, the control system and the user notification system are integrated into the dispensing system. 20. An apparatus with sensory intelligence for use with a dispensing system of a refrigerated appliance having a dispensing station with a dispensing outlet for dispensing water and/or ice, the apparatus comprising: a. an attachable module adapted for mounting at the dispensing station comprising: i. a sensing system adapted to sense a parameter related to water and/or ice and produce a sensing signal; and ii. a power source adapted to power the sensing system. 21. The apparatus of claim 20 wherein the attachable module further comprises a control system in operative communication with the sensing system and power source and adapted to generate a control signal in response to the sensing signal. 22. The apparatus of claim 21 wherein the attachable module further comprises a user notification system in operative communication with the control system and adapted to generate a notification signal in response to the control signal. 23. The apparatus of claim 20 wherein the module comprises an attachment point adapted to removably affix to a complementary portion of the dispensing station to mount at the dispensing station. 24. The apparatus of claim 22 wherein the module further comprises a user control interface in operative communication with the control system for operating the sensing system and the user notification system. 25. The apparatus of claim 20 wherein the power source comprises at least one of: a. the refrigerated appliance; b. an electrochemical cell; c. a photovoltaic cell; d. a power generator operated by water and/or ice dispension; or e. inductive powering. 26. The apparatus of claim 22 wherein the control system further comprises a data store in operative communication with the user notification system and the sensing system and adapted to store/record the sensing signal. 27. A sensing system for use with a dispensing system of a refrigerated appliance comprising: a. a sensor adapted to sense a parameter related to water and/or ice dispension from the refrigerated appliance and produce a sensing signal; and b. a controller in operative communication with the sensor and adapted to process the sensing signal. 28. The sensing system of claim 27 further comprising a notification device in operative communication with the controller and adapted to generate a user-perceivable notification signal in response to a sensing signal. 29. The sensing system of claim 27 wherein the controller further comprises a data store for storing or recording the sensing signal. 30. The sensing system of claim 28 wherein the sensor, the controller and the notification device are integrated within a module adapted for removable mounting to the refrigerated appliance. 31. The sensing system of claim 30 wherein the module comprises a frame body adapted to removably affix to a complementary portion at a dispensing area of the dispensing system. 32. The sensing system of claim 31 wherein the module comprises a face configured cosmetically to match the complementary portion of the dispensing station. 33. The sensing system of claim 30 wherein the module is positioned in the dispensing station at a dispensing outlet for water and/or ice. 34. The sensing system of claim 30 comprising a user interface for the controller and/or the notification device adapted to provide the user-perceivable notification signal. 35. The sensing system of claim 28 wherein the notification device comprises at least one of: a. a light; b. a sound generator; c. a tactile signal generator; or d. a textual display. 36. The sensing system of claim 28 wherein the user-perceivable notification signal comprises one or more of: a. a visible signal; b. an audible signal; or c. a tactile signal. 37. The sensing system of claim 34 wherein the user interface is adapted to provide feedback from the sensor to a user for the parameter related to water and/or ice dispension. 38. The sensing system of claim 27 wherein the parameter comprises at least one of: a. quantity; b. quality; c. condition; d. presence; e. contamination; f. turbidity; g. temperature; h. chemical make-up; or i. physical make-up. 39. The sensing system of claim 27 wherein the sensor comprises at least one of: a. a flow meter; b. a water quality meter; c. a spectral sensor; d. a temperature gauge; e. an optical fiber sensor; f. a motion sensor; g. a sonar sensor; h. a conductivity sensor; i. a capacitive sensor; j. an inductive sensor; k. an optical sensor; l. a light sensor; or m. a pH sensor. 40. The sensing system of claim 30 in combination with a power source. 41. The sensing system of claim 40 wherein the power source is integrated within the module. 42. The sensing system of claim 40 wherein the power source is the refrigerated appliance. 43. The sensing system of claim 40 wherein the power source is a modular power pack adapted to removably connect to the module and charge offline. 44. The sensing system of claim 27 in combination with a refrigerated appliance. 45. A method of dispensing water and/or ice from a refrigerated appliance comprising: a. initiating dispension of water and/or ice; and b. sensing a parameter related to water and/or ice at or near the dispension. 46. The method of claim 45 further comprising the step of monitoring the parameter to determine if the parameter meets a pre-determined criteria. 47. The method of claim 46 further comprising the step of generating a user-perceivable signal if the parameter meets the predetermined criteria. 48. The method of claim 47 further comprising the step of powering sensing the parameter, monitoring the parameter and generating the user-perceivable signal with: a. the refrigerated appliance; b. an electrochemical cell; c. a photovoltaic cell; d. a power generator operated by the dispension; or e. inductive powering. 49. The method of claim 45 further comprising the step of recording and/or storing the parameter in a data store. 50. The method of claim 47 further comprising the step of processing the parameter with a controller for issuing an instruction for generator the user-perceivable signal. 51. The method of claim 47 wherein the user-perceivable signal is for: a. warning a user of the parameter related to water and/or ice dispension; b. notifying a user of the parameter related to water and/or ice dispension; or c. warning/notifying a user of a parameter related to the refrigerated appliance discernable from the parameter relating to water and/or ice dispension. 52. The method of claim 45 wherein the parameter relating to water and/or ice comprises one or more of: a. quantity; b. quality; c. condition; d. presence; e. contamination; f. turbidity; g. temperature; h. chemical make-up; or i. physical make-up. 53. The method of claim 47 wherein the user-perceivable signal comprises one or more of: a. visible signal; b. audible signal; c. tactile signal; or d. textual signal. 54. The method of claim 45 further comprising the step of removably attaching a module at the dispension for sensing the parameter related to water and/or ice and monitoring the parameter to determine if the parameter meets a pre-determined criteria. 55. A water and/or ice dispenser for a refrigerated appliance comprising: a. a dispensing station; b. a dispensing conduit defining a flow path termination at or near the dispensing station; c. a sensor positioned at or near the flow path termination, the sensor adapted to sense a parameter related to: i. water or ice; or ii. dispension of water or ice. 56. The dispenser of claim 55 wherein the sensor comprises one of the group comprising: a. a flow meter; b. a water quality meter; c. a spectral sensor; d. a temperature gauge; e. an optical fiber sensor; f. a motion sensor; g. a sonar sensor; h. a conductivity sensor; i. a capacitive sensor; j. an inductive sensor; k. an optical sensor; l. a light sensor; or m. a pH sensor. 57. The dispenser of claim 55 wherein the sensor is mounted in a sensor housing. 58. The dispenser of claim 57 wherein the sensor housing is an independent module. 59. The dispenser of claim 57 wherein the sensor housing is integrated with a water and/or ice dispenser. 