The present disclosure relates to apparatuses and systems for laser scribing a vertically-oriented workpiece. In many embodiments, a laser-scribing apparatus includes a frame, a first fixture coupled with the frame, a second fixture coupled with the frame, a laser operable to generate output able to remove material from at least a portion of the workpiece, and a scanning device coupled with the laser and the frame. The first fixture is configured for engagement with a first portion of the workpiece. The second fixture is configured for engagement with a second portion of the workpiece. When the workpiece is engaged by the first and second fixtures the workpiece is substantially vertically oriented. The scanning device is operable to control a position of the output from the laser relative to the workpiece.
Claims 1. An apparatus for laser scribing a workpiece comprising a substantially flat surface, the apparatus comprising: a frame; a first fixture coupled with the frame, the first fixture being configured for engagement with a first portion of the workpiece; a second fixture coupled with the frame, the second fixture being configured for engagement with a second portion of the workpiece, wherein when the workpiece is engaged by the first and second fixtures the flat surface is substantially vertically oriented; a laser operable to generate output able to remove material from at least a portion of the workpiece; and a scanning device coupled with the laser and the frame, the scanning device operable to control a position of the output from the laser relative to the workpiece. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein: the workpiece is substantially rectangular and comprises a first side and a second side opposite the first side; the first fixture is configured to engage the workpiece along the first side; and the second fixture is configured to engage the workpiece along the second side. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein when the workpiece is engaged by the first and second fixtures: the first side is disposed at the top of the workpiece; and the second side is disposed at the bottom of the workpiece. 4. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein when the workpiece is engaged by the first and second fixtures, the first and second sides are substantially vertically oriented. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the first and second fixtures are horizontally translatable relative to the frame. 6. The apparatus of claim 5, comprising: a third fixture coupled with the frame, the third fixture configured to engage a second workpiece along a first side of the second workpiece; and a fourth fixture coupled with the frame, the fourth fixture configured to engage the second workpiece along a second side of the second workpiece, wherein when the second workpiece is engaged by the third and fourth fixtures a flat surface of the second workpiece is substantially vertically oriented, and the third and fourth fixtures are horizontally translatable relative to the frame. 7. The apparatus of claim 6, wherein the second workpiece can be loaded while the workpiece is being scribed. 8. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein the workpiece can be unloaded while the second workpiece is being scribed. 9. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein a path of travel for the workpiece is offset from a path of travel for the second workpiece. 10. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein the scanning device is horizontally translatable so as to adjust for the offset between the paths of travel for the workpiece and the second workpiece. 11. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the scanning device is vertically translatable relative to the workpiece. 12. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein the scanning device is vertically translatable relative to the frame. 13. The apparatus of claim 1, comprising a second scanning device coupled with the laser and the frame, the second scanning device operable to control a position of the output from the laser relative to the workpiece. 14. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein the scanning device and the second scanning devices are vertically translatable relative to the workpiece. 15. The apparatus of claim 14, comprising: an optical cable for coupling the laser with the scanning device; and a second optical cable for coupling the laser with the second scanning device. 16. The apparatus of claim 1, comprising an optical cable for coupling the laser with the scanning device. 17. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the workpiece comprises a substrate and at least one layer used for forming a solar cell, and the laser is able to remove material from the at least one layer. 18. A system for laser scribing a workpiece comprising a substantially flat surface, the system comprising: a frame; a first fixture coupled with the frame, the first fixture being configured for engagement with a first portion of the workpiece; a second fixture coupled with the frame, the second fixture being configured for engagement with a second portion of the workpiece, wherein when the workpiece is engaged by the first and second fixtures the flat surface is substantially vertically oriented; a laser operable to generate output able to remove material from at least a portion of the workpiece; a scanning device coupled with the laser and the frame, the scanning device operable to control a position of the output from the laser relative to the workpiece; and a control device coupled with the laser and the scanning device, the control device comprising a processor and a machine-readable medium comprising instructions that when executed by the processor cause the system to align the laser output in order to form a predetermined feature pattern on the workpiece. 19. The system of claim 18, wherein the scanning device is vertically translatable relative to the workpiece. 20. The system of claim 19, wherein the first and second fixtures are horizontally translatable relative to the frame. 21. A method for laser scribing a workpiece comprising a substantially flat surface, the method comprising: supporting the workpiece so that the flat surface is substantially vertically oriented; generating a relative translation between the supported workpiece and a scribing optical assembly, the relative translation comprising a vertical component; and directing output from a laser with the scribing optical assembly during the relative translation to form a laser-scribed feature on the workpiece. 22. The method of claim 21, wherein the relative translation further comprises a horizontal component. 23. The method of claim 22, wherein: the workpiece is supported with a first fixture engaged with a first portion of the workpiece and a second fixture engaged with a second portion of the workpiece, the first and second fixtures being coupled with a frame and configured to be horizontally translatable relative to the frame; the scribing optical assembly is coupled with the frame; and the workpiece is translated horizontally relative to the frame during at least a portion of the formation of the laser-scribed feature. 24. The method of claim 23, further comprising mounting a second workpiece so that the second workpiece is supported by the frame during at least a portion of the formation of the laser-scribed feature. 25. The method of claim 24, wherein the workpiece comprises a substrate and at least one layer used for forming a solar cell, and the laser is able to remove material from the at least one layer. 