A digital multimeter can be monitored from a remote location via an on-board light source such as a backlight LED. The digital multimeter has memory, a processor operatively coupled to the memory, a light operatively coupled to the processor and the memory and a light sensitive sensor operatively coupled to the machinery and positioned proximate the light. The processor is configured to produce a first data signal containing information about the machinery, which is then modulated by the light so that the light blinks between an on state and an off state. The sensor is configured to detect the light on state and the light off state and convert the received light into a second data signal representative of the first data signal.
Claims 1. A digital multimeter comprising: a. a processor; b. a selector for choosing measurement criteria, said selector being operatively coupled to said processor; c. an input operatively coupled to said processor, said input being configured to monitor a device; d. a backlit display operatively coupled to said processor; wherein said processor is configured to produce a first data signal containing information about the device being monitored, said first data signal is modulated by said backlit display to produce an optical indicator that blinks between a first state and a second state that differs from said first state so that a sensor may detect said first and second states. 2. The digital multimeter of claim 1, further comprising a sensor operatively coupled to said digital multimeter proximate said display, said sensor being configured to detect said first and said second states and generate a second data signal representative of said first modulated data signal. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said sensor is a light sensitive sensor comprising: a. a photovoltaic sensor; b. an amplifier coupled to an output of said photovoltaic sensor; c. a comparator coupled to an output of said amplifier; and d. a signal converter coupled to an output of said comparator and configured to convert said output signal of said comparator into a common interface signal. 4. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein a light emitting diode backlights said display. 5. A remote monitoring apparatus comprising: e. equipment to be monitored from a remote location, said equipment having, i. memory, ii. a processor operatively coupled to said memory; iii. a light operatively coupled to said processor and said memory; b. a light sensitive sensor operatively coupled to said equipment and positioned proximate said light, wherein said processor is configured to produce a first data signal containing information about said equipment, said first data signal is modulated so that said light blinks between an on state and an off state, said sensor is configured to detect said light on state and said light off state and convert said received light into a second data signal representative of said first data signal. 6. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein said equipment is a digital multimeter comprising a display, wherein said light operates as a backlight for said display. 7. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein said equipment further comprises a display; and said light is operatively coupled to said display and operates as a backlight for said display. 8. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein said light is a light emitting diode. 9. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein said light sensitive sensor further comprises: a. a photovoltaic sensor; b. an amplifier coupled to an output of said photovoltaic sensor; c. a comparator coupled to an output of said amplifier; and d. a signal converter coupled to an output of said comparator and configured to convert said output signal of said comparator into a common interface signal. 10. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein said common interface signal is RS232 ASCII. 11. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein said signal converter is a level shifter. 12. The apparatus of claim 9, said light sensitive sensor further comprising a low pass filter intermediate said photovoltaic sensor and at least one input of said amplifier. 13. A remote measuring device comprising: a. a measuring device having i. a processor, ii. memory operatively coupled to said processor, iii. an input operatively coupled to said processor, said input configured to measure a desired parameter of interest to the user, iv. a display operatively coupled to said processor and configured to display measurement data, and v. a backlight operatively coupled to said processor and configured to modulate a first data signal by switching between an on state and an off state in response to command signals from said processor, and b. a first light sensitive sensor operatively coupled to said measuring device proximate said backlight, wherein said sensor is configured to detect said light on state and said light off state and convert said received light into a second data signal representative of said first data signal. 14. The remote measuring device of claim 13, wherein said measuring device is a digital multimeter. 15. The remote measuring device of claim 13, wherein said light is a light emitting diode. 16. The remote measuring device of claim 13, wherein said light sensitive sensor further comprises: a. a photovoltaic sensor; b. an amplifier coupled to an output of said photovoltaic sensor; c. a comparator coupled to an output of said amplifier; and d. a signal converter coupled to an output of said comparator and configured to convert said output signal of said comparator into a common interface signal. 17. The apparatus of claim 16, wherein said signal converter is a level shifter. 18. The remote measuring device of claim 16, wherein said common interface signal is RS232 ASCII. 19. The remote measuring device of claim 19, said measuring device further comprising a second light sensitive sensor for detecting a second light operatively coupled to said first light sensitive sensor. 20. The remote measuring device of claim 19, wherein said light emitting diode is configured to operate as said second light sensitive sensor. 21. The remote measuring device of claim 20, wherein said remote measuring device operates in a duplex mode by sending and receiving data signals via said light emitting diode. 22. The remote measuring device of claim 19, wherein said second light sensitive sensor is a photovoltaic sensor operatively coupled to said processor. 23. The remote measuring device of claim 13 further comprising a computer coupled to said first light sensitive sensor, said computer being configured to receive said second data signal. 24. The apparatus of claim 16, wherein said signal converter further comprises an RF component for converting said output signal into a wireless format. 