A photovoltaic (PV) integrated variable frequency drive system having a variable frequency drive and an energy source. The variable frequency drive having a back end inverter, a DC bus electrically connected to the back end inverter, and an active front end electrically connected to the DC bus to facilitate bi-directional power flow to and from a power grid. The energy source being electrically connected to the DC bus.
Claims 1. A multi-functional integrated drive system, comprising: (a) a variable frequency drive having: (i) a back end inverter; (ii) a DC bus electrically connected to the back end inverter; (iii) an active front end electrically connected to the DC bus to facilitate bi-directional power flow to and from a power grid; and (b) an energy source electrically connected to the DC bus. 2. The multi-functional integrated drive system according to claim 1, wherein the variable frequency drive includes an electric motor. 3. The multi-functional integrated drive system according to claim 1, wherein the inverter is a DC-AC inverter. 4. The multi-functional integrated drive system according to claim 1, wherein the energy source is a photovoltaic array directly connected to the DC bus. 5. The multi-functional integrated drive system according to claim 1, further including an intermediate DC-DC converter electrically connected between the DC bus and the energy source and adapted to integrate the energy source into the DC bus. 6. The multi-functional integrated drive system according to claim 1, wherein the active front end is an AC-DC converter. 7. The multi-functional integrated drive system according to claim 1, wherein the DC bus is directly modulated by the energy source. 8. The multi-functional integrated drive system according to claim 1, wherein maximum peak power tracking is performed by the variable frequency drive. 9. The multi-functional integrated drive system according to claim 1, wherein the active front end is a voltage source inverter adapted to regulate DC bus voltage and perform maximum peak power tracking to maintain the DC bus at an optimum voltage. 10. The multi-functional integrated drive system according to claim 1, wherein the back end inverter is a voltage source inverter. 11. The multi-functional integrated drive system according to claim 1, wherein the active front end is a voltage source inverter adapted to regulate DC bus voltage and perform maximum peak power tracking to maintain the DC bus at an optimum voltage and the back end inverter is a voltage source inverter. 12. The multi-functional integrated drive system according to claim 1, wherein the back end inverter is a Z-source inverter. 13. The multi-functional integrated drive system according to claim 1, wherein the back end inverter is a current source inverter. 14. The multi-functional integrated drive system according to claim 1, wherein the active front end is a voltage source inverter and the back end inverter is a current source inverter. 15. The multi-functional integrated drive system according to claim 1, wherein the active front end is a current source inverter. 16. The multi-functional integrated drive system according to claim 1, wherein the active front end is a current source inverter and the back end inverter is a current source inverter. 17. The multi-functional integrated drive system according to claim 1, wherein the active front end is a current source inverter and the back end inverter is a current source inverter. 18. The multi-functional integrated drive system according to claim 1, wherein the back end inverter is a Z-source inverter. 19. The multi-functional integrated drive system according to claim 1, wherein the active front end is a current source inverter and the back end inverter is a Z-source inverter. 20. A photovoltaic integrated variable frequency drive system, comprising: (a) a variable frequency drive having: (i) a DC-AC inverter for converting a direct current into an alternating current and feeding the alternating current to a motor; (ii) a DC bus electrically connected to the DC-AC inverter for providing a direct current to the DC-AC inverter; (iii) an AC-DC converter electrically connected to the DC bus to facilitate bi-directional power flow to and from a power grid; and (b) a photovoltaic array electrically connected to the DC bus for providing a DC current to the DC bus. 21. The photovoltaic integrated variable frequency drive system according to claim 20, wherein when an output of the photovoltaic array is greater than a load of the variable frequency drive, the AC-DC converter feeds power back into the power grid. 22. The photovoltaic integrated variable frequency drive system according to claim 20, wherein when the output of the photovoltaic array is equal to the load of the motor, the output of the photovoltaic array is supplied directly to the motor. 23. The photovoltaic integrated variable frequency drive system according to claim 20, wherein when the output of the photovoltaic array is less than the load of the motor, extra power needed by the motor is supplied by the grid. 24. The photovoltaic integrated variable frequency drive system according to claim 20, wherein when the load required by the motor is less than zero, regenerative braking of the motor supplies excess power to the grid. 25. The photovoltaic integrated variable frequency drive system according to claim 20, wherein the DC-AC inverter maintains normal drive operation by using inverter over modulation. 26. The photovoltaic integrated variable frequency drive system according to claim 20, wherein the DC-AC inverter boosts DC bus voltage. 27. A photovoltaic integrated variable frequency drive system, comprising: (a) a variable frequency drive having: (i) an electric motor; (ii) a DC-AC inverter electrically connected to the motor for converting a direct current into an alternating current and feeding the alternating current to the motor; (iii) a floating DC bus electrically connected to the DC-AC inverter for providing a direct current to the DC-AC inverter; (iv) an AC-DC converter electrically connected to the DC bus to facilitate bi-directional power flow to and from a power grid; and (b) a photovoltaic array electrically connected to the DC bus for providing a DC current to the DC bus. 28. The photovoltaic integrated variable frequency drive system according to claim 27, further including an intermediate DC-DC converter electrically connected between the DC bus and the photovoltaic array and adapted to integrate the photovoltaic array into the DC bus. 29. The photovoltaic integrated variable frequency drive system according to claim 27, wherein the AC-DC converter is a voltage source inverter adapted to regulate DC bus voltage and perform maximum peak power tracking to maintain the DC bus at an optimum voltage. 