An integrated heating and cooling system for a living space of a building connects together (a) a solar-based heating and cooling system and (b) heating and cooling systems that rely directly or indirectly on fossil fuels that are conventionally used in buildings. The system operates the solar-based heating and cooling system preferentially to heat or cool the living space. Therefore, the system minimises the use of fossil fuels to heat and cool the living space.
Claims 1. An integrated heating and cooling system for a living space of a building that can achieve and/or maintain a desired temperature in the living space, comprising; (a) a solar-based heating and cooling system, (b) a fossil-fuel based heating and cooling system that relies directly or indirectly on fossils fuels, and (c) a controller that firstly operates the solar-based heating and cooling system to heat and/or cool the living space and, if required, thereafter operates the fossil fuel-based heating and cooling system to heat and/or cool the living space, to achieve and/or to maintain the temperature in the living space at the desired temperature. 2. The system defined in claim 1 wherein the controller monitors temperatures in the living space of the building and, subject to monitored temperatures, firstly operates the solar-based heating and cooling system to heat and/or cool the living space and, if required, thereafter operates the fossil fuel-based heating and cooling system, to heat and/or cool the living space to achieve and/or to maintain the temperature in the living space at the desired temperature. 3. The system defined in claim 2 wherein the controller operates the fossil fuel-based heating and cooling system to heat and/or to cool the living space if the monitored temperatures vary from the desired temperature by a predetermined temperature variation. 4. The system defined in claim 3 wherein the predetermined temperature variation is 2.degree. C. 5. The system defined in claim 2, further including a plurality of temperature sensors that monitor temperatures in the living space, externally of the building, and in the solar-based heating and cooling system. 6. The system defined in claim 5 wherein the sensors input data into a program of the controller on a continuous or periodic basis and the program processes the data and operates the solar-based heating and cooling system and, if required, the fossil fuel-based heating and cooling system to achieve and/or to maintain the desired temperature in the living space. 7. The system defined in claim 1 wherein the living space includes a plurality of rooms with different desired temperatures for the rooms. 8. The system defined in claim 1 wherein the solar-based heating and cooling system includes a roof assembly that includes a roof, a roof space in heat exchange relationship with at least a section of the roof, one or more than one first opening for airflow from the roof space to outside the building altogether to cool the building in "summer" conditions, and one or more than one second opening for airflow from the roof space to a living space of the building to heat the living space in "winter" conditions and to cool the living space in "nocturnal" conditions. 9. The system defined in claim 8 wherein the one or more than one second opening is adapted to allow airflow from the roof space to the living space in "nocturnal" conditions when an outside air temperature or a roof temperature is lower than an inside temperature and the inside temperature is higher than the desired temperature. 10. The system defined in claim 8 wherein the roof assembly includes a means for causing airflow within the roof space in heat exchange relationship with the roof to the one or more than one first opening or to the one or more than one second openings. 11. The system defined in claim 8, further including at least one fan for causing airflow within the roof space to the one or more than one first opening or to the one or more than one second openings. 12. The system defined in claim 11 wherein the airflow is derived from air within the roof space and/or from air from exterior of the building that flows into the roof space. 13. The system defined in claim 8 wherein the roof section comprises an inclined roof section and is made from metal roof sheets that include profiles that include corrugations or include flat pans separated by ribs arranged in side by side, relationship with the corrugations and/or the ribs extending up an inclined surface of the roof section. 14. The system defined in claim 13 wherein the corrugations and/or the ribs of the metal roof sheets define channels for airflow within the roof space in heat exchange relationship with metal of the roof section. 15. The system defined in claim 8 wherein the roof assembly includes a chamber that includes one or more than one inlet for airflow from the roof space and one or more than one first opening or one or more than one second openings for airflow from the roof space. 16. A building that includes the system defined in claim 1. 17. The system defined in claim 12, wherein the airflow is derived from air that flows into the roof space from a gutter end of the roof. 18. The system defined in claim 13, wherein the metal roof sheets are arranged in side by side, overlapping relationship. 