A patterned photovoltaic device includes at least one photovoltaic cell, at least one carrier substrate attached to the cell, and at least one opening extending through the cell and the carrier substrate.
Claims 1. A patterned photovoltaic device comprising at least one photovoltaic cell, at least one carrier substrate attached to said cell, at least one opening through said at least one cell and at least one carrier substrate. 2. Device of claim 1 wherein said at least one opening allows at least partial transmission of incident light. 3. Device of claim 1 wherein said at least one opening includes a plurality of openings. 4. Device of claim 3 wherein said plurality of openings are arranged in a pattern producing a graphical representation conveying information to a viewer. 5. Device of claim 1 further comprising electrical terminals connected to said at least one photovoltaic cell. 6. Device of claim 5 further comprising a charger connected to the output terminals. 7. Device of claim 5 further comprising an inverter connected to the output terminals. 8. Device of claim 1 wherein said at least one photovoltaic cell is at least one flexible photovoltaic cell. 9. Device of claim 1 wherein said at least one opening is produced by punching. 10. Device of claim 1 further comprising at least one cover sheet attached to said at least one carrier substrate. 11. Device of claim 4 wherein the graphical representation includes text. 12. Device of claim 4 wherein the graphic representation includes a picture. 13. A punching apparatus for producing openings in patterned photovoltaic cells comprising: at least one blanking die and at least one pressure pad to hold photovoltaic cells; at least one puncher to produce openings; a positioning stage to move and align the cells to the puncher; a punch controller to control the punching process. 14. Apparatus of claim 13 wherein at least one puncher is a plurality of punchers. 15. Apparatus of claim 14 wherein plurality of punchers includes punchers of at least two different sizes. 16. Apparatus of claim 14 wherein plurality of punchers includes punchers of at least two different cross-sections. 17. Apparatus of claim 13 further comprising digital data containing positions, shapes and sizes of opening to be produced on said photovoltaic cells. 18. A method of producing a patterned photovoltaic device comprising steps of producing a photovoltaic cell; attaching the cell to a carrier substrate; producing at least one opening through the cell and the carrier substrate. 19. Method of claim 18 wherein at least one opening is produced by punching. 20. Method of claim 20 wherein said at least one opening includes a plurality of openings arranged in a pattern producing a graphical representation conveying information to a viewer. 