A method for hanging solar panels from a horizontal support, in one example embodiment, comprises pivotally coupling one or more solar panels to a rigid support, wherein the one or more of solar panels are free to rotate about the rigid support, the rigid support being substantially horizontal to the ground level, the one or more solar panels having a backside and front side, further comprising a counterweight rigidly attached to the backside, the counterweight tilting the one or more solar panels as to increase exposure of the front side to the sun.
Claims 1. A process for mounting solar panels, the process comprising: pivotally coupling one or more solar panels to a rigid support, wherein the one or more of solar panels are free to rotate about the rigid support, the rigid support being substantially horizontal to a level supporting surface. 2. The process for mounting solar panels of claim 1, wherein the rigid support is a tension cable. 3. The process for mounting solar panels of claim 2, wherein the tension cable includes an insulated electrical transmission wire. 4. The process for mounting solar panels of claim 1, wherein the one or more solar panels having a backside and front side, further comprising a counterweight rigidly attached to the backside, each counterweight tilting its respective solar panel as to increase exposure of the front side to the sun. 5. The process for mounting solar panels of claim 4, wherein the counterweight comprises a rod having a first end and a second end, wherein the first end is rigidly attached to the backside and the second end is attached to a ball counterbalancing its respective solar panel. 6. The process for mounting solar panels of claim 4, wherein the counterweight is substantially planar, the counterweight being attached at one or more points on the backside of the one or more solar panels. 7. The process for mounting solar panels of claim 6, wherein the counterweight has one or more apertures, the apertures permitting air to pass through the counterweight. 8. The process for mounting solar panels of claim 6, wherein the one or more solar panels are mounted such that the horizontal support bears the weight of one or more rows of the one or more solar panels. 9. The process for mounting solar panels of claim 8, wherein a movement dumping connector connects the one or more solar panels, the movement dumping connector dumping movement of the one or more solar panels. 10. The process for mounting solar panels of claim 8, wherein an array being comprised of one or more rows and columns of the one or more solar panels is further supported by a rigid vertical pole on each end, arranged in a planar formation, substantially at a right angle to a level-supporting surface. 11. The process for mounting solar panels of claim 10, wherein the array is oriented at an obtuse angle to the level supporting surface. 12. The process for mounting solar panels of claim 10, wherein the one or more solar panels are arranged in clothesline-like fashion in such a way as one or more horizontal supports, which support rows of solar panels, are attached at least on each end to one or more rigid T-shaped poles. 13. The process for mounting solar panels of claim 10, wherein the one or more solar panels are arranged on one or more horizontal supports attached to a vertical pole, the vertical pole being attached to the level supporting surface. 14. The process for mounting solar panels of claim 1, wherein the one or more solar panels are mounted on one or more rooftops. 15. The process for mounting solar panels of claim 1, wherein the one or more solar panels are coupled to a rigid horizontal support so that the one or more solar panels are free to rotate about the horizontal support. 16. The process for mounting solar panels of claim 15, wherein the horizontal support bears the weight of one or more rows of the one or more horizontal panels. 17. The process for mounting solar panels of claim 16, further comprising one or more joints attached to the horizontal support as to allow pivoting in additional directions. 18. The process for mounting solar panels of claim 16, further comprising one or more movement dumping connectors attached to the horizontal support to allow movement of the solar panels in additional directions. 19. The process for mounting solar panels of 16, further comprising one or more hinges attached to the horizontal support as to allow movement of the solar panels in additional directions. 20. The process for mounting solar panels of claim 19, further comprising a hinge attached above each joint to the horizontal support. 