Apparatus in the form of a sash window has sashes (16a, 16b) to control an opening (18). Drive arrangements (20a, 20b) are mounted within the frame and electrically powered from batteries (30), to allow the sashes (16a, 16b) to be opened or closed by remote control (40).
Claims 1. Apparatus comprising: a frame member defining at least part of the periphery of an aperture; a movable element for moving relative to the frame member to open and close the aperture; and a drive arrangement for driving the movable element, the drive arrangement being housed within one of the frame member; the movable element; and the frame member and movable element in combination. 2. Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the drive arrangement includes a motor and a control arrangement for controlling the motor. 3. Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the drive arrangement includes two motors driving respective sides of a movable element. 4. Apparatus according to claim 3, further comprising a control arrangement operable to control the relative speeds of the motors, during use, to control the alignment of the movable element as it moves. 5. Apparatus according to claim 2, wherein the control arrangement is operable to slow the or each motor as the movable element reaches a limit of travel in at least one direction. 6. Apparatus according to claim 2, wherein the control arrangement is operable to accelerate the or each motor as the movable element moves from at least one limit of travel. 7. Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the drive arrangement is powered by batteries housed within one of the frame member; the movable element; and the frame member and movable element in combination. 8. Apparatus according to claim 7, comprising a charging arrangement for the batteries. 9. Apparatus according to claim 8, wherein the charging arrangement is operable when the movable element is closed. 10. (canceled) 11. Apparatus according to claim 8, wherein the charging arrangement comprises an inductively coupled power supply. 12. Apparatus according to claim 8, wherein the charging element comprises sliding contacts for providing electrical connection to the movable element. 13. Apparatus according to claim 8, wherein the charging arrangement comprises a renewable source of power such as a solar panel, wind generator or thermo-electric generator deriving power from a temperature difference. 14. Apparatus according to claim 13, wherein the thermo-electric generator derives power from the temperature difference between the inside and outside of a building in which the apparatus is installed. 15-19. (canceled) 20. Apparatus according to claim 8, wherein at least one function of the apparatus is inhibited, to provide the or a warning. 21. Apparatus according to claim 20, wherein the apparatus comprises a remote control transmitter, wherein response to the remote control transmitter is modified or inhibited to provide the warning. 22. Apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising a proximity sensor. 23-26. (canceled) 27. Apparatus according to claim 22, wherein the apparatus is operable to stop the movable element when the proximity sensor is activated. 28. Apparatus according to claim 22, wherein the apparatus is operable to re-open the movable element when the proximity sensor is activated, unless the movable element is at or close to its fully closed position. 29-31. (canceled) 32. Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the user controls are operable to disable the drive arrangement, to lock the movable member. 33. Apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the movable element and the frame member form a sash window arrangement. 34-36. (canceled) 37. Apparatus according to claim 8, further comprising a battery monitor for monitoring the charge state of the batteries, wherein the battery monitor provides a warning when the charge state is or passes below a threshold level, and wherein the or a warning is a modification of operation of the apparatus, and wherein at least one function of the apparatus is inhibited, to provide the warning. 