A system, apparatus and method for generating electricity from renewable geothermal, wind, and solar energy sources includes a heat balancer for supplementing and regulating the heat energy fed to a turbine generator; a hydrogen-fired boiler for supplying supplementary heat; and an injection manifold for metering controlled amounts of superheated combustible gas into the working fluids to optimize efficiency. Wind or solar power may be converted to hydrogen in an electrolysis unit to produce hydrogen. A phase separator unit that operates by cavitation of the geothermal fluids removes gases from the source fluid. A pollution prevention trap may be used to remove solids and other unneeded constituents of the geothermal fluids to be stored or processed in a solution mining unit for reuse or sale. Spent geothermal and working fluids may be processed and injected into the geothermal strata to aid in maintaining its temperature or in solution mining of elements in the lithosphere.
Claims 1. A system for generating electricity from a working fluid heated from renewable energy sources, comprising: a geothermal heat exchanger for transferring heat energy from geothermal fluid obtained from a production well to a working fluid; an electrolysis plant for producing hydrogen gas; a boiler heated by said hydrogen gas for producing steam; a heat balancer for transferring heat from said steam to said working fluid; a turbine generator configured to operate from said working fluid to generate said electricity. 2. The system of claim 1, further comprising: at least one electric generator powered by a renewable, non-carbon energy source for generating electricity to operate said electrolysis unit. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein said renewable, non-carbon energy source is selected from the group consisting of wind and solar energy. 4. The system of claim 1, further comprising: an injection manifold for metering controlled amounts of hydrogen gas into said geothermal fluid to adjust the energy density thereof. 5. The system of claim 4, wherein said injection manifold comprises: a manifold having a conduit segment for coupling in a working fluid conduit; an inlet valve coupled to said manifold for introducing hydrogen gas into said manifold; and an array of a plurality of microcapillaries distributed between said manifold and said conduit segment for diffusing micro amounts of hydrogen into said working fluid passing through said working fluid conduit. 6. The system of claim 1, further comprising: a storage facility for storing said oxygen and said hydrogen. 7. The system of claim 1, further comprising: a phase separator coupled between an inlet for said geothermal energy and an inlet to said geothermal heat exchanger for removing gaseous and solid constituents from said geothermal fluid. 8. The system of claim 7, further comprising: a second storage facility for storing said gaseous constituents; and a third storage facility for storing said solid constituents. 9. The system of claim 7, further comprising: an outlet for transferring the liquid phase of said geothermal fluid to said heat balancer. 10. The system of claim 1, wherein said hydrogen-fired boiler comprises: a heating device fired by hydrogen gas and configured for heating liquid substances. 11. The system of claim 1, wherein said heat balancer comprises: a heat exchanger having first and second sets of separate, interleaved passages for respectively exchanging heat from a source fluid at a first temperature and flowing in a first direction through the first set of passages of said heat exchanger to a demand fluid at a second temperature flowing in its respective second set of passages in a direction opposite said source fluid; and a hydrogen injection manifold coupled in an input conduit to said heat exchanger. 12. The system of claim 1, wherein said turbine generator comprises: a rotary electric generator having a drive shaft for coupling to at least first and second turbines; and a first turbine driven by said working fluid. 13. The system of claim 1, further comprising: a control system including: a first network of input sensors disposed at first selected locations in said system for monitoring operating parameters; a second network of control devices disposed at second selected locations in said system for controlling said operating parameters; and a programmable computer system in communication with said first and second networks to receive input signals from said first network and to send commands to said second network for executing control actions in said second network in real time. 14. The system of claim 13, further comprising: an executable program set operatively coupled to said programmable computing system, for responding to status data regarding the demand for electricity and the supply of renewable energy sources, and a range of preset operating points for maintaining an operating balance that optimizes efficiency of said renewable energy power plant. 15. An electric generating power plant fueled by renewable energy sources, comprising: a heat balancer having separate, interleaved first and second fluid circuit passages such that heat energy of a renewable source fluid flowing in said second fluid circuit is transferred in regulated amount to a renewable demand fluid flowing in said first fluid circuit in counterflow relation to said source fluid; a first inlet to said first fluid circuit of said heat balancer for coupling said renewable demand fluid to said first fluid circuit; and a second inlet to said second fluid circuit of said heat balancer for coupling said renewable source fluid to said second fluid circuit. 16. The power plant of claim 15, wherein: said renewable demand fluid is geothermal fluid extracted from a geothermal resource; and said renewable source fluid is steam ultimately derived from wind-generated electricity. 17. The power plant of claim 15, further comprising: a hydrogen-fired boiler for producing said renewable source fluid; an electrolysis plant for producing said hydrogen to fire said boiler; and a wind generator for producing electricity to operate said electrolysis plant. 18. The power plant of claim 15, further comprising: a hydrogen injector coupled in series with an input to said first fluid circuit for mixing controlled amounts of hydrogen into said demand fluid. 19. The power plant of claim 16, further comprising: a cavitation separator coupled in line with said geothermal fluid for removing gases mixed with said geothermal fluid. 20. The power plant of claim 15, further comprising: a cavitation separator coupled in line with said first fluid inlet for removing gases mixed with said demand fluid. 21. The power plant of claim 20, further comprising: a pollution prevention trap for selectively recycling said gases from said demand fluid. 22. The power plant of claim 15, further comprising: a control system including: a first network of input sensors disposed at first selected locations in said system for monitoring operating parameters; a second network of control devices disposed at second selected locations in said system for controlling said operating parameters; and a programmable computer system in communication with said first and second networks to receive input signals from said first network and to send commands to said second network for executing control actions in said second network in real time. 23. The power plant of claim 22, further comprising: an executable program set operatively coupled to said programmable computing system, for responding to status data regarding the demand for electricity and the supply of renewable energy sources, and a range of preset operating points for maintaining an operating balance that optimizes efficiency of said renewable energy power plant. 