A photobioreactor used for microalgal culture consists a main body of bioreactor, a plurality of built-in light sources, a mechanical stirring apparatus and a pneumatic mixing device. The main body of the bioreactor is a hollow chamber and the plurality of built-in light sources connects the chamber from outside to inside for light distribution. The mechanical stirring apparatus is disposed in the chamber to generate liquid circulation. The pneumatic mixing system generates bubbles to suspend microalgae in the culture medium.
Claims 1. A photobioreactor, comprising: a bioreactor main body, being a hollow chamber and having an air inlet and an air outlet; a plurality of built-in light sources, each light source extending from outside to inside the bioreactor main body; a mechanical stirring apparatus, disposed in the bioreactor main body for stirring liquid in the bioreactor main body; and a pneumatic mixing device, connected to the air inlet and stirring the liquid in the bioreactor main body by generating bubbles. 2. The photobioreactor as in claim 1, wherein the bioreactor main body is made of a corrosion resistant material and processed by surface treatment technology for avoiding attachment of microalgae. 3. The photobioreactor as in claim 1, wherein each built-in light source includes a light receiving end, a total reflection tube and a light emitting end, with the light receiving end and the light emitting end being arranged on the two ends of the total reflection tube, the light receiving end being located outside the bioreactor main body and the light emitting end being located inside the bioreactor main body. 4. The photobioreactor as in claim 3, wherein the light receiving end includes a light inductor for detecting the irradiation direction of an external light source and a driving device for driving the light receiving end to point into the irradiation direction of the external light source. 5. The photobioreactor as in claim 3, wherein an inside surface of the total reflection tube is made of a material with high reflectivity and an outside surface of the total reflection tube is processed by surface treatment technology for avoiding attachment of microalgae. 6. The photobioreactor as in claim 3, wherein the light emitting end is made of a transparent material and processed by surface treatment technology for emitting uniform light and for avoiding attachment of microalgae. 7. The photobioreactor as in claim 1, wherein the mechanical stirring apparatus is a blade disposed in the bioreactor main body. 8. The photobioreactor as in claim 1, further comprising a solar energy electricity device and a control device which monitors internal light intensity and controls the solar energy electricity device to emit light to the inside of the bioreactor main body when there is insufficient lighting condition inside. 9. The photobioreactor as in claim 8, wherein the solar energy electricity device apply LED resource which emits light within specific wavelength range according to the microalgae species in the bioreactor main body. 10. The photobioreactor as in claim 1, further comprising a wind energy electricity device and a control device for monitoring internal light intensity and controlling the solar energy electricity device to emit light to the inside of the bioreactor main body when there is insufficient lighting condition inside. 11. The photobioreactor as in claim 10, wherein the wind energy electricity device apply LED resource which emits light within specific wavelength range according to the microalgae species in the bioreactor main body. 12. The photobioreactor as in claim 1, further comprising a temperature control device for controlling the temperature of the liquid in the bioreactor main body and a pH-value control device for detecting the pH-value of the liquid in the bioreactor main body. 