An exemplary road traffic mirror includes a casing, a mirror, a monitor, a processor, and an indicating module. The mirror and the hollow casing define a chamber therein, and the mirror includes a transparent glass and a reflection film formed on the transparent glass, wherein the reflection film is a narrow band pass film. The monitor is configured to automatically monitor road conditions and generate corresponding road condition signals. The processor is configured to analyze the road condition signals, and to generate switching signals. The indicating module is received in the chamber and facing the mirror, wherein the indicating module is configured to be activated by the switching signal and emit corresponding light rays, the light rays of the indicating module passing through the reflection film and forming an indication sign on the outside of the road traffic mirror.
Claims 1. A road traffic mirror comprising: a hollow casing; a mirror and the casing defining a chamber therein, the mirror comprising a transparent glass and a reflection film formed on the transparent glass, wherein the reflection film is a narrow band pass film; a monitor configured to automatically monitor road conditions and generate corresponding road condition signals; a processor configured to analyze the road condition signals, and to generate switching signals; and an indicating module received in the chamber and facing the mirror, wherein the indicating module is configured to be activated by one of the switching signals and thereby emit light rays, the light rays of the indicating module passing through the reflection film and forming an indication sign on the outside of the road traffic mirror. 2. The road traffic mirror in claim 1, wherein the narrow band pass film passes light rays with wavelengths in the range of from approximately 560 nm to approximately 620 nm, and reflects all other light rays; the light rays emitted from the indicating module with wavelengths in the range of from approximately 560 nm to approximately 620 nm. 3. The road traffic mirror in claim 1, wherein the reflection film comprises a first layer through to a twenty-fourth layer, the odd-numbered layers are high refractive index material layers, and the even-numbered layers are low refractive index material layers. 4. The road traffic mirror in claim 3, wherein the refractive index of the high refractive index material layers is in a range from about 2.3 to about 2.5, and the refractive index of the low refractive index material layers is in a range from about 1.38 to about 1.46. 5. The road traffic mirror in claim 1, wherein the mirror defines a receiving hole, and the monitor is received in the receiving hole. 6. The road traffic mirror in claim 1, further comprising a memory module, wherein the memory module is configured to store information on the road conditions monitored by the monitor. 7. The road traffic mirror in claim 6, wherein the indicating module, the processor, and the memory module are received in the chamber. 8. The road traffic mirror in claim 6, further comprising a power source, wherein the power source is electrically connected to the processor and is able to provide electrical energy to the monitor, the indicating module, the processor, and the memory module. 9. The road traffic mirror in claim 8, wherein the power source is a solar cell. 10. The road traffic mirror in claim 1, wherein the indicating module comprises an array of light emitting diodes (LEDs), and can form any of a plurality of different indication signs on the outside of the road traffic mirror by lighting some of the LEDs and leaving other of the LEDs unlit. 11. The road traffic mirror in claim 1, wherein the reflection film formed on an outer side of the transparent glass. 12. A road traffic mirror comprising: a hollow casing; a mirror at a front end of the casing, and the mirror comprising a transparent glass and a reflection film formed on the transparent glass, wherein the reflection film comprises a narrow band pass film; an image sensor structured and arranged to automatically monitor road conditions and generate corresponding road condition signals; a processor configured to analyze the road condition signals, and selectively generate switching signals according to the analysis; and an indicating module received in the casing and facing the mirror, wherein the indicating module is configured to be activated and deactivated by corresponding of the switching signals, the indicating module when activated emitting light rays that pass through the reflection film and form an indication sign on the outside of the mirror. 