Systems and methods for remotely controlling an electrical load are provided. A switch is associated with controlling one or more electricity-consuming devices. After electrically isolating the switch from the electricity-consuming device, an adapter is communicatively coupled to and used to detect the state of the switch. The adapter generates and wirelessly transmits a signal indicative of the detected state of the switch to a controller that controls operation of the device based on at least the state of the switch as detected by the sensor and indicated by the wirelessly transmitted signal.
Claims 1. A system for remotely controlling an electrical load, the system comprising: an adapter configured to couple to one or more switches, the adaptor comprising: a sensor configured to detect a state of a switch from the one or more switches, the switch being electrically isolated from the electrical load; a communications interface configured to wirelessly transmit a signal indicative of the detected state of the switch to a controller, the controller being configured to control the electrical load based on at least the state of the switch as detected by the sensor and indicated by the wirelessly transmitted signal; and a power unit configured to provide power to the sensor and the communications interface. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the electrical load includes a lighting fixture. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein the switch includes a momentary contact switch and wherein the controller is further configured to control dimming operations of the light fixture based on the state of the momentary contact switch. 4. The system of claim 2, wherein the switch includes a binary switch and wherein the controller is further configured to control operations of the light fixture based on the state of the binary switch. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the power unit is further configured to power a voltage connection to a line contact of the switch and wherein the sensor detects the state of the switch by detecting an interruption in the voltage connection. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the switch includes a low voltage connection and wherein the power unit includes a power converter configured to convert low voltage power to a voltage used by the sensor and the communications interface. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the power unit includes a battery. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein the power unit includes an AC/DC converter. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein the power unit further comprises a photovoltaic converter configured to harvest light energy. 10. The system of claim 1, wherein the communications interface further comprises an antenna. 11. The system of claim 1, wherein the adapter is mountable within a switchbox housing the switch. 12. The system of claim 1, wherein the adapter is mountable on the switch. 13. A method for remotely controlling an electrical load, the method comprising: detecting a state of a switch electrically isolated from the electrical load, the detection being performed by a sensor; and transmitting a wireless signal indicative of the state of the switch from a transmitter to a controller, the controller controlling the electrical load based on at least the state of the switch as indicated by the signal. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein the detecting the state of the switch comprises detecting an interrupt signal. 15. The method of claim 13, wherein the electrical load includes a lighting fixture. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein controlling the electrical load comprises turning on or turning off the lighting fixture. 17. The method of claim 15, wherein controlling the electrical load comprises dimming the lighting fixture. 18. A method for adapting a preexisting switch for remote control of an electrical load, the method comprising: electrically isolating the preexisting switch from the electrical load; mounting an adapter proximate to the preexisting switch; and configuring the adapter to detect a state of the preexisting switch and transmit a signal indicative of the state to a controller, the controller controlling the electrical load based on at least the state indicated by the signal. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein electrically isolating the preexisting switch comprises shorting a switched line previously associated with the preexisting switch such that power is continuously supplied to the electrical load. 20. The method of claim 18, wherein configuring the adapter comprises: connecting a voltage signal from the power source of the adapter to a line terminal of the preexisting switch; and connecting a sensor from the adapter to a load terminal of the preexisting switch. 21. A computer-readable storage medium having embodied thereon a program, the program being executable by a processor to perform a method for remotely controlling an electrical load, the method comprising: detecting a state of a switch electrically isolated from the electrical load; and transmitting a wireless signal indicative of the state of the switch to a controller, the controller controlling the electrical load based on at least the state of the switch as indicated by the signal. 