The present invention provides an enclosed, internally-lighted bioreactor apparatus, methods for growing photosynthetic microorganisms in the enclosed, internally lighted bioreactor and methods for enhancing growth of a photosynthetic microorganism culture in the enclosed internally-lighted bioreactor.
Claims 1. An enclosed, internally-lighted bioreactor apparatus comprising: a main having an inlet and an outlet, the main being in fluid communication with a source of carbon dioxide-containing gas; an at least one tube extending from the main, the tube comprising walls having a first opening and a second opening defining a chamber, the chamber being configured for containing a culture comprising a liquid and photosynthetic microorganisms, the first opening being formed so that the tube is in fluid communication with the main to allow carbon dioxide-containing gas to flow therethrough for mixing the culture inside the tube and for absorption by the photosynthetic microorganisms; a cover disposed within the walls of the tube to close the chamber; and a strip of light-emitting or light-transmitting material comprising a first portion and a second portion extending from the first portion, the first portion extending through the second opening for receiving light, the second portion disposed in the chamber for emitting light to the culture contained inside the tube for promoting photosynthesis. 2. The bioreactor of claim 1 wherein the at least one tube is a plurality of tubes. 3. The bioreactor of claim 1 wherein the liquid is water and the microorganism is algae. 4. An enclosed, internally-lighted bioreactor apparatus comprising: a container having sidewalls and a floor defining a chamber for housing a culture comprising a liquid and photosynthetic microorganisms, the container having an inlet formed therethrough and in fluid communication with a source of carbon dioxide-containing gas for absorption by the photosynthetic microorganisms; a rotatable carousel disposed on the sidewalls to enclose the chamber, the rotatable carousel being variably rotatable about an axis of rotation within the chamber; an at least one strip of light-emitting or light-transmitting material, the at least one strip comprising a first portion and a second portion extending from the first portion, the first portion attached to the carousel to receive light and to rotate the strip about the axis of rotation when the carousel rotates, the second portion being disposed in the culture to distribute light within the culture and move about the axis when the carousel rotates. 5. The bioreactor of claim 4 further comprising means for collecting light configured to receive light for light transmission through the at least one light-emitting or light-transmitting strip and transmitting or emitting light to the culture. 6. The bioreactor of claim 5 wherein the at least one light-emitting or light transmitting strip further comprises an optical fiber disposed within the strip and extending therethrough for transmitting light from the means for collecting light to the culture for photosynthesis. 7. The bioreactor of claim 5 wherein the at least one light-emitting or light-transmitting strip further comprises at least one light emitting diode disposed thereon for emitting light from the means for collecting light to the culture for photosynthesis. 8. The bioreactor of claim 6 wherein the means for collecting light is a solar panel. 9. The bioreactor of claim 6 wherein the means for collecting light comprises a solar powered battery. 10. The bioreactor of claim 4 wherein the at least one strip of light-emitting or light-transmitting material is a plurality of light-emitting or light-transmitting strips, the second portions of the plurality of strips being spaced apart substantially axially; and the carousel capable of variable rotation about an axis of rotation within the chamber. 11. The bioreactor of claim 4 wherein the liquid is water and the microorganism is algae. 12. The bioreactor of claim 5 wherein the source of gas comprises exhaust gas from combustion of fossil fuel. 13. The bioreactor of claim 5 further comprising an adaptive feedback control system for growth enhancement of the photosynthetic microorganism culture. 14. The bioreactor of claim 13 wherein the adaptive feedback control system further comprises a computer and at least one of: a pH sensor, a viscosity sensor, an optical sensor for monitoring turbidity, a temperature sensor, a rotation rate sensor, and a dissolved oxygen sensor. 15. The bioreactor of claim 14 further comprising at least one distributing arm mounted on the carousel, the first portion of the at least one light-emitting or light-transmitting strip being attached to the at least one distributing arm. 16. The bioreactor of claim 15 wherein the at least one sensor is attached to the distributing arm and rotates with the carousel. 17. A method for growing photosynthetic microorganisms comprising: introducing carbon dioxide to a culture comprising water, medium, and photosynthetic microorganisms in a covered container; and moving a light-transmitting or light-emitting material through the culture to distribute light to the microorganisms for enhanced growth thereof. 18. The method of claim 17 further comprising: monitoring a representative value of the culture, the representative value including one of: pH, viscosity, carousel rotation rate, turbidity, temperature, and dissolved oxygen of the culture; comparing the representative value with a predetermined optimal value to define a comparison; and adjusting one of: pH, viscosity, carousel rotation rate, turbidity, temperature, and dissolved oxygen of the culture based on the comparison. 19. The method of claim 18 wherein the step of adjusting the pH comprises adjusting the mass flow rate of the carbon dioxide-containing gas mixture to control photosynthesis. 20. The method of claim 18 wherein the step of adjusting turbidity includes reducing turbidity by removing a fraction of the culture and replacing the fraction with fresh medium to enhance growth of the microorganism. 21. The method of claim 20 wherein the microorganism is algae. 22. A method for enhancing the growth of a photosynthetic microorganism comprising: introducing carbon dioxide to an enclosed culture comprising water and photosynthetic microorganisms; moving a light-transmitting or light-emitting material through the culture to distribute light to the microorganisms; monitoring a representative value of the culture, the representative value including one of: pH, viscosity, carousel rotation rate, turbidity, temperature, and dissolved oxygen of the culture; comparing the representative value with a predetermined optimal value to define a comparison; and adjusting one of: pH, viscosity, carousel rotation rate, turbidity, temperature, and dissolved oxygen of the culture based on the comparison. 23. The method of claim 22 wherein the microorganism is algae. 