Methods and devices are provided for rapid solar module installation. In one embodiment, a photovoltaic module is provided comprising of a plurality of photovoltaic cells a plurality of photovoltaic modules; at least a first type of mounting bracket in contact with the module; at least a second type of mounting bracket, wherein the brackets are configured to interlock and connect multiple modules together.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic module mounting system comprising: at least one photovoltaic module; at least a first type of mounting bracket in contact with the module; at least a second type of mounting bracket on an adjacent module, wherein the brackets are configured to interlock and connect multiple modules together. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein the module is a frameless module. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein the first type of mounting bracket is configured so that the bracket can only be disengaged from the second type of mounting bracket by a pivoting motion of one bracket relative to one another. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein the bracket is configured to slidably engage a mounting structure. 5. The system of claim 1 wherein the bracket includes an angled portion that mates with an angled portion on another bracket. 6. The system of claim 1 wherein the brackets on one module are offset from brackets on another module so as not interfere with each other. 7. The system of claim 1 wherein the brackets on one module and brackets on another module both engage on another and both simultaneously engage a mounting structure. 8. The system of claim 1 wherein the bracket is configured to slidably engage a mounting structure and simultaneously engage a bracket of another module. 9. The system of claim 1 wherein the brackets on one module and brackets on another module both engage on another mate in a configuration that prevent the modules from pivoting upward beyond a substantially horizontal plane. 10. The system of claim 1 wherein a plurality of modules are coupled together by brackets which pivot together to define a string of modules that are locked in position, wherein only the modules at a first end and a second end of the string of modules are fixedly secured. 11. A universal mounting assembly comprising: a bracket configured to provide attachment of a module to the bracket and then the bracket to mounting structure, wherein attachment of bracket to mounting structure is by way of at least two possible attachment methods. 12. The assembly of claim 10 wherein the bracket is configured wherein attachment of bracket to mounting structure is by way of at least three possible attachment methods. 13. The assembly of claim 10 wherein the bracket is configured wherein attachment of bracket to mounting structure is by way of at least four possible attachment methods. 