Embodiments of a network topology for monitoring and controlling an array of solar panels include an intelligent node adapted to send and receive data and commands by at least two redundant means of communication. An intelligent node includes a solar panel, a node controller, a photovoltaic module, a bypass relay, a bypass bus, PLC and wireless communication interfaces for redundant means of communication, and sensor and actuator interfaces for monitoring and controlling the intelligent node. A PV module in the intelligent node may selectively be bypassed without interrupting network communications. Some embodiments include a plurality of intelligent nodes electrically connected serially into a chain of nodes and further connected to a gateway. Other embodiments include a plurality of chains of nodes connected to an inverter and a transformer, thereby defining an area. Additional embodiments further include a central server in communication with a plurality of areas.
Claims 1. A network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels, comprising an intelligent node comprising: an intelligent node input terminal; a bypass relay comprising a first switched terminal and a second switched terminal; a PV module having an input electrically connected to said intelligent node input terminal and an output electrically connected to said first switched terminal on said bypass relay; and a bypass bus electrically connected to said intelligent node input terminal and to said bypass relay second switched terminal, wherein said intelligent node is adapted to receive a bypass command and said bypass relay selects said bypass bus when said intelligent node receives said bypass command. 2. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 1, wherein said intelligent node further comprises at least two redundant means of communication. 3. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 2, wherein a first of said redundant means of communication comprises a wireless transceiver. 4. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 3, wherein a second of said redundant means of communication comprises a circuit for power line communication. 5. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 4, wherein said intelligent node further comprises a solar panel. 6. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 5, wherein said intelligent node further comprises a node controller adapted for controlling a position of said solar panel and said node controller further comprises a plurality of electrical signal input terminals and a plurality of electrical signal output terminals. 7. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 6, wherein said intelligent node further comprises an energy storage module and a charger adapted to convert an output voltage from said PV panel to a voltage for charging said energy storage module. 8. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 6, further comprising a device for measuring voltage having a first output terminal electrically connected to one of said plurality of electrical signal input terminals on said node controller, wherein said device for measuring voltage is adapted to measure an output voltage from said PV module and to output a signal related to a measurement of voltage on said first output terminal. 9. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 6, further comprising a device for measuring current having a second output terminal electrically connected to one of said plurality of electrical signal input terminals on said node controller, wherein said device for measuring current is adapted to measure an output current from said PV module and to output a signal related to a measurement of current on said second output terminal. 10. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 6, further comprising a device for measuring temperature having an output terminal electrically connected to one of said plurality of electrical signal input terminals on said node controller, wherein said device for measuring temperature is adapted to read a temperature of said PV module. 11. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 6, further comprising a device for measuring an intensity of sunlight having an output terminal electrically connected to one of said plurality of electrical signal input terminals on said node controller. 12. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 6, further comprising a device for measuring surface cleanliness having an output terminal electrically connected to one of said plurality of electrical signal input terminals on said node controller. 13. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 6, further comprising a device for measuring reflectance having an output terminal electrically connected to one of said plurality of electrical signal input terminals on said node controller. 14. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 6, further comprising a device for measuring azimuth angle having an output terminal electrically connected to one of said plurality of electrical signal input terminals on said node controller. 15. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 6, further comprising a device for measuring elevation angle having an output terminal electrically connected to one of said plurality of electrical signal input terminals on said node controller. 16. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 6, further comprising: an elevation motor rotationally coupled to said solar panel, wherein said elevation motor has a control input; and a first motor control output terminal on said node controller, wherein said first motor control output terminal is electrically connected to said elevation motor control input. 17. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 16, further comprising: an azimuth motor rotationally coupled to said solar panel, wherein said azimuth motor has a control input; and a second motor control output terminal on said node controller, wherein said second motor control output terminal is electrically connected to said azimuth motor control input. 18. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 17, wherein said solar panel, said azimuth motor, and said elevation motor comprise a concentrator, and further comprising at least one additional of said concentrator electrically connected to said node controller. 19. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 6, wherein said node controller may alternatively receive data and commands from said first redundant means of communication, said second redundant means of communication, or said first and said second means of communication. 20. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 19, further comprising a chain of nodes comprising at least two of said intelligent nodes electrically connected in series. 21. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 20, further comprising a gateway having a wireless transceiver and a circuit for power line communication. 22. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 21, further comprising: an area power and data bus electrically connected to said gateway and to said chain of nodes; and an area comprising said area power and data bus, said gateway, and said chain of nodes. 23. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 22, further comprising a power backup system electrically connected to said area power and data bus. 24. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 22, wherein said area further comprises an inverter having an input electrically connected to said area power and data bus and an inverter output. 25. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 24, wherein said area further comprises a transformer having an input electrically connected to said inverter output. 26. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 25, wherein said area further comprises more than one of said chain of nodes electrically connected to said area power and data bus. 27. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 25, further comprising a central server having a wireless transceiver adapted for communication with said gateway. 28. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 24, further comprising a redundant means of communication between said area and said central server. 29. The network topology for monitoring and controlling a plurality of solar panels of claim 28, comprising at least two of said area. 