A photovoltaic system, a terminal box and a voltage converting device thereof is provided. The terminal box and the voltage converting device have a connector plug or a connector socket, wherein said connector plug and connector socket are electrically connected by plugging. The photovoltaic system comprises a solar module, the terminal box and the voltage converting device, the terminal box and the voltage converting device being electrically connected by plugging the connector plug and connector socket, and the converting device being fixed to the solar module through a support member. With this photovoltaic system, the installation manner, which is free from conducting wires, is convenient, reliable and cost-effective.
Claims 1. A terminal box for a photovoltaic system, comprising: a power line fixing terminal; a housing; and a first connector plug or a first connector socket electrically connected to the power line fixing terminal. 2. The terminal box according to claim 1, wherein the first connector plug includes a sealing ring groove, and a sealing ring is fittingly provided in the sealing ring groove. 3. A voltage converting device for a photovoltaic system, comprising a second connector socket or a second connector plug pluggable with the first connector plug or the first connector socket of the terminal box according to claim 1. 4. The voltage converting device according to claim 3, wherein the voltage converting device is an inverter having a DC-AC converting circuit that is electrically connected to the second connector socket or the second connector plug. 5. The voltage converting device according to claim 3, wherein the second connector plug includes a sealing ring groove, and a sealing ring is fittingly provided in the sealing ring groove. 6. A photovoltaic system, comprising: a solar module; a terminal box, fixed to the solar module, including a first connector plug or a first connector socket; and a voltage converting device, fixed to the solar module through a support member, including a second connector socket that cooperates with the first connector plug or a second connector plug that cooperates with the first connector socket, wherein the terminal box and the voltage converting device are electrically connected to each other by coupling the first connector plug and the second connector socket or by coupling the first connector socket and the second connector plug. 7. The photovoltaic system according to claim 6, wherein the voltage converting device is an inverter having a DC-AC converting circuit that is electrically connected to the first connector socket or the first connector plug. 8. The photovoltaic system according to claim 6, wherein the first or second connector plug includes a sealing ring groove, and a sealing ring is fittingly provided in the sealing ring groove. 9. The photovoltaic system according to claim 6, wherein the support member comprises: fixing portions, provided at both ends of the support member, for supporting the solar module; and a catching portion, provided at the middle portion of the support member, for positioning the voltage converting device. 10. The photovoltaic system according to claim 9, wherein an adhesive receiving groove is provided on the side of the support member that is against the solar module, and an adhesive is provided inside the adhesive receiving groove for fixing the support member and the solar module together. 11. The photovoltaic system according to claim 9, wherein positioning plates are provided on the both sides of the catching portion, and protruding plates are provided on the bottom of the catching portion, such that the positioning plates and protruding plates support the voltage converting device. 