A system for distributing alternatively generated power to a real estate development includes at least one alternative energy electrical power generator forming a cooperative power farm. A power grid receives electrical power from the cooperative power farm. A metering credit system is configured to determine a metered credit of power received by the power grid from the cooperative power farm. A plurality of real estate properties are electrically coupled to the power grid and receive at least a portion of the metered credit of power. Ownership of at least one of the plurality of real estate properties includes rights to the portion of the metered credit.
Claims 1. A system for distributing alternatively generated power to a real estate development comprising: at least one alternative energy electrical power generator forming a cooperative power farm; a power grid receiving electrical power from the cooperative power farm; a metering credit system configured to determine a metered credit of power received by the power grid from the cooperative power farm; and a plurality of real estate properties electrically coupled to the power grid, the plurality of real estate properties receiving at least a portion of the metered credit of power, ownership of at least one of the plurality of real estate properties including rights to the portion of the metered credit. 2. The system of claim 1, further comprising: a severe weather input coupled to the at least one electrical power generator, the severe weather input being configured to place the generator in a stand-by state to reduce possible damage from severe weather. 3. The system of claim 2, further comprising: a solar panel having a resilient backing, the resilient backing being turned toward the severe weather during the severe weather. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the electrical power generator comprises at least one solar-powered generator. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the electrical power generator comprises at least one wind-powered generator. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the electrical power generator comprises at least one geothermal-powered generator. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the electrical power generator comprises at least one hydroelectric generator. 8. The system of claim 1 further comprising: a power management system monitoring the electrical power provided to at least one of the plurality of real estate properties. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein a portion of the electrical power is provided to at least one of the plurality of real estate properties from a source other than the cooperative power farm. 10. The system of claim 1 further comprising: a power usage alert for updating a resident of the plurality of real estate properties if a power usage spike is detected. 11. A system for distributing alternatively generated power to a real estate development comprising: at least one alternative energy power generator forming a cooperative power farm; a distribution station receiving power from the cooperative power farm; a metering credit system configured to determine a metered credit of power received by the distribution station from the cooperative power farm; and a plurality of real estate properties coupled to the distribution station, each of the real estate properties receiving at least a portion of the metered credit of power, ownership of at least one of the plurality of real estate properties including rights to the portion of the metered credit. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein the power received from the cooperative power farm is in the form of a hydrocarbon gas. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein the gas is one of methane and natural gas. 14. The system of claim 11, wherein the power received from the cooperative power farm is in the form of one of a hydrogen bearing gas and electricity. 15. The system of claim 11, wherein the portion of the metered credit provides a quantity of power at least partially determined by a percentage of the power generated by the cooperative power farm. 16. The system of claim 11, wherein the portion of the metered credit provides a quantity of power at least partially determined by a number of units of metered credit. 17. The system of claim 11, wherein the portion of the metered credit provides a quantity of power at least partially determined by an area of the real estate property. 18. The system of claim 11, wherein the portion of the metered credit provides a quantity of power at least partially determined by a corresponding initial payment. 19. The system of claim 11, wherein the rights to the portion of the metered credit are optional. 20. A method for distributing alternatively generated power to a real estate development comprising: generating alternative energy electrical power from a cooperative power farm; receiving electrical power from the cooperative power farm by a power grid; metering a credit of power received by the power grid from the cooperative power farm; and distributing the credit of power to at least one of a plurality of real estate properties electrically coupled to the power grid, the plurality of real estate properties receiving at least a portion of the credit of power, ownership of the at least one of the plurality of real estate properties including rights to the portion of the metered credit. 21. The method of claim 20, further comprising: positioning the cooperative power farm at a remote site that is not adjacent to the plurality of real estate properties. 22. The method of claim 20, further comprising: positioning the cooperative power farm at a proximate site that is adjacent to the plurality of real estate properties. 23. The method of claim 20, further comprising: updating an Internet feedback system showing available credit for at least one of the plurality of real estate properties. 24. The method of claim 20, further comprising: updating an Internet status system showing power generation efficiency. 