High temperature semiconducting materials in a freestanding epitaxial chip enables the use of high temperature interconnect and bonding materials. Process materials can be used which cure, fire, braze, or melt at temperatures greater than 400 degrees C. These include, but are not limited to, brazing alloys, laser welding, high-temperature ceramics and glasses. High temperature interconnect and bonding materials can additionally exhibit an index of refraction intermediate to that of the freestanding epitaxial chip and its surrounding matrix. High index, low melting point glasses provide a hermetic seal of the semiconductor device and also index match the freestanding epitaxial chip thereby increasing extraction efficiency. In this manner, a variety of organic free semiconducting devices, such as solid-sate lighting sources, can be created which exhibit superior life, efficiency, and environmental stability.
Claims 1. A freestanding nitride epitaxial chip comprising: at least one freestanding nitride layer greater than 10 microns thick having a first side and a second side, said second side being opposite said first side; and at least one semiconducting layer grown on said first side of said at least one freestanding nitride layer. 2. The freestanding nitride epitaxial chip of claim 1 further comprising: a second at least one semiconducting layer grown on said second side of said at least one semiconducting layer. 3. The freestanding nitride epitaxial chip of claim 1 wherein said at least one freestanding nitride layer has an average alpha less than 1 cm-1. 4. The freestanding nitride epitaxial chip of claim 1 wherein said at least one freestanding nitride epitaxial chip of claim 1 is formed within an inorganic matrix. 5. The freestanding nitride epitaxial chip of claim 4 wherein said inorganic matrix is a glass 6. The freestanding nitride epitaxial chip of claim 1 wherein said freestanding nitride epitaxial chip is a cleavable freestanding nitride alloy epitaxial chip. 7. The freestanding nitride epitaxial chip of claim 1 further comprising: at least two freestanding nitride epitaxial chips. 8. The freestanding nitride epitaxial chip of claim 7 further comprising said at least two freestanding nitride epitaxial chips being encapsulated within a glass matrix. 9. The freestanding nitride epitaxial chip of claim 8 wherein said glass matrix having a processing temperature greater than 400 C. 10. The freestanding nitride epitaxial chip of claim 6 further comprising said at least two freestanding nitride epitaxial chips being embedded within an inorganic matrix to form an emitting volume. 11. The freestanding nitride epitaxial chip of claim 1 wherein said freestanding nitride epitaxial chip is a low thermal impedance freestanding epitaxial chip having an thermal conductivity greater than 120 W/m/K 12. The freestanding nitride epitaxial chip of claim 1 wherein said freestanding nitride epitaxial chip has a first transparent conductive oxide layer on said first side of at least one freestanding nitride layer and a second transparent conductive oxide layer on said second side of at least one freestanding nitride layer. 13. The freestanding nitride epitaxial chip of claim 12 wherein said transparent conductive oxide layer has a thickness greater than 5000 Angstroms. 14. The freestanding nitride epitaxial chip of claim 13 wherein said transparent conductive oxide layer has a resistivity less than 5.times.10 (-4) ohm cm. 15. The freestanding nitride epitaxial chip of claim 1 further comprising a spring mounting, said spring mounting holding a flexible bowed at least one freestanding nitride layer. 16. The freestanding nitride epitaxial chip of claim 1 further comprising at least one of the following; wire grid polarizers, dichroic films, luminescent layers (amorphous, single crystalline, ceramic, and polycrystalline), or photonic crystal structures 17. The freestanding nitride epitaxial chip of claim 1 further comprising said at least one freestanding nitride layer and said at least one semiconducting layer being encapsulated within a solid glass concentrator to form a solar cell. 18. The freestanding nitride epitaxial chip of claim 1 further comprising said at least one freestanding nitride layer and said at least one semiconducting layer embedded within a luminescent glass matrix 19. The freestanding nitride epitaxial chip of claim 1 further comprising at least one electrical contact formed on said at least one freestanding nitride layer or on said at least one semiconducting layer via welding. 20. A process for forming a freestanding nitride epitaxial chip comprising: growing at least one active semiconductor layer on a freestanding nitride foil; and coating said at least one active semiconductor layer with a TCO. 21. The process for forming a freestanding nitride epitaxial chip of claim 20 further comprising: isolating said freestanding nitride epitaxial chip via mechanical means. 22. The process for forming a freestanding nitride epitaxial chip of claim 20 further comprising wherein at least one side of said freestanding nitride epitaxial chip side has an opaque conductive layer; and firing said opaque conductive layer at a temperature greater than 400 C. 