There is provided solar energy harvesting apparatus (20) including a clear polycarbonate body (21) including a transparent front face (23) and supporting a thermal absorber (27) adapted to absorb incident solar radiation. The thermal absorber (27) transfers heat via a fluid connector (28) to a circulated-fluid system and in addition controls the temperature of a photovoltaic element (24) mounted on the absorber (27) and connected to an electrical harness by electrical connectors (25, 26). The polycarbonate body (21) has complementary edge mating profiles (32, 33) engaging with a standard-tiled roof structure to replace some of the standard tiles thereof, and is secured conventionally to roof battens by a batten screw (29).
Claims 1. A solar energy harvesting apparatus including a body supporting a solar energy harvesting thermal absorber comprising a moulded plastic absorber body, a photovoltaic element thermally bonded to said thermal absorber, a mounting for engaging said body with a substrate, a connector selected to integrate said thermal absorber functionally with other solar energy harvesting apparatus to form a solar hot water system, and an electrical connector to said photovoltaic element, said body including a transparent front face enclosing both the absorber and photovoltaic element, wherein the thermal absorber is configured to thermally absorb broadband solar radiation. 2. The solar energy harvesting apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said front face has one or both of a treated outer surface to reduce reflection and a reflecting inner surface. 3. The solar energy harvesting apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the mounting comprises body edge profiles configured to integrate with the standard tiles of a tiled roof structure. 4. The solar energy harvesting apparatus according to claim 3, wherein the body edge profiles include, along a first edge a mating profile, and along a second opposite edge a corresponding mating profile, wherein the mating profiles are standard roof tile mating profiles. 5. The solar energy harvesting apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the transparent front face includes integral light collecting elements. 6. The solar energy harvesting apparatus according to claim 5, wherein the integral concentrating elements comprise prismatic or lenticular sections adapted to run longitudinally down the pitch of the front face in use. 7. The solar energy harvesting apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the solar hot water system includes a coolant circulating array in circuit with a remote heat exchanger in a thermal storage. 8. The solar energy harvesting apparatus according to claim 1, wherein an interface between the photo-active portions of the photovoltaic element and the thermal absorber is selected to reflect solar radiation at least substantially over the absorption bandwidth of the photovoltaic element. 9. The solar energy harvesting apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the thermal absorber and photovoltaic element are environmentally sealed within said body. 10. The solar energy harvesting apparatus according to claim 9, wherein the void space inside the body is minimized. 11. The solar energy harvesting apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic element is selected from poly or mono crystalline photovoltaic (PV) elements; amorphous PV elements; and chemical dye artificial photosynthesis elements. 12. The solar energy harvesting apparatus according to claim 1, comprising a detachable tile element to form, collectively with like tile elements, a solar energy cell array, the detachable solar tile elements comprising a polycarbonate body defining the internal space and into which is fitted at least one solar cell as said photovoltaic element, said thermal absorber, and associated electrical and water connectors. 13. The solar energy harvesting apparatus according to claim 1, comprising a cladding element having a main body having a first surface which opposes and detachably engages a surface of a structure and a second upper exposed heat collecting surface which collects rays, the first and second surfaces together defining an internal space, the internal space including at least one photovoltaic cell, the tile attachment or cladding further comprising along a first edge a mating profile and along a second opposite edge a corresponding mating profile. 14. The solar energy harvesting system comprising an interconnected array of apparatus in accordance with claim 1. 15. The solar energy harvesting system according to claim 13, wherein the thermal absorbers each have an inlet connection and an outlet connection to the hot and cold sides respectively of a fluid circulation system including a thermosiphon header. 16. The solar energy harvesting system according to claim 15, wherein the inlet and outlet connections are made by self-sealing, piercing connectors adapted to pierce double tubing comprising the circulation system. 17. The solar energy harvesting apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said electrical connector is connectable to an electrical harness. 18. The solar energy harvesting system according to claim 17, wherein the electrical connection is in parallel to the cable harness by a snap-in electrical connector. 19. The solar energy harvesting system according to claim 17, wherein the electrical and circulated-fluid connections are integrated into a single physical connector. 