The present application provides a geothermal heating and cooling system for a power conversion system within an enclosure. The geothermal heating and cooling system may include a heat exchanger positioned about the power conversion system and within the enclosure, one or more pipes positioned within the ground, and a heat transfer medium circulating within the heat exchanger and the pipes so as to transfer heat between the power conversion system and the ground.
Claims 1. A geothermal heating and cooling system for a power conversion system within an enclosure, comprising: a heat exchanger positioned about the power conversion system and within the enclosure; one or more pipes positioned within the ground; and, a heat transfer medium circulating within the heat exchanger and the one or more pipes so as to transfer heat between the power conversion system and the ground. 2. The geothermal heating and cooling system of claim 1, wherein the one or more pipes extend about ten (10) feet (about three (3) meters) into the ground. 3. The geothermal heating and cooling system of claim 1, wherein the heat transfer medium comprises ionized water, de-ionized water, antifreeze, and/or oil. 4. The geothermal heating and cooling system of claim 1, further comprising a pump in communication with the heat transfer medium. 5. The geothermal heating and cooling system of claim 1, wherein the power conversion system comprises an inverter and wherein the heat exchanger is positioned about the inverter for heat transfer therewith. 6. The geothermal heating and cooling system of claim 1, wherein the one or more pipes are in communication with a plurality of heat exchangers. 7. The geothermal heating and cooling system of claim 1, wherein the ground comprises a heat sink and the power conversion system comprises a heat source. 8. The geothermal heating and cooling system of claim 1, wherein the ground comprises a heat source and the power conversion system comprises a heat sink. 9. The geothermal heating and cooling system of claim 1, wherein the power conversion system is in communication with a solar power generation system. 10. The geothermal heating and cooling system of claim 1, wherein the enclosure comprises an airtight enclosure. 11. A method of thermally controlling a solar power conversion system with a geothermal heating and cooling system, comprising: providing a heat exchanger of the geothermal heating and cooling system in communication with the solar power conversion system; providing one or more pipes in the ground and in communication with the heat exchanger; and, circulating a heat transfer medium between the heat exchanger and the one or more pipes so as to transfer heat between the solar power conversion system and the ground. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein the step of circulating a heat transfer medium between the heat exchanger and the one or more pipes so as to transfer heat between the solar power conversion system and the ground comprises transferring heat from the solar power conversion system to the ground. 13. The method of claim 11, wherein the step of circulating a heat transfer medium between the heat exchanger and the one or more pipes so as to transfer heat between the solar power conversion system and the ground comprises transferring heat to the solar power conversion system from the ground. 14. A solar power generation system, comprising: a solar power conversion system in communication with a photovoltaic array; a heat exchanger positioned about the solar power conversion system; one or more pipes positioned within the ground; and, a heat transfer medium circulating within the heat exchanger and the one or more pipes so as to transfer heat between the solar power conversion system and the ground. 15. The solar power generation system of claim 14, wherein the solar power conversion system comprises an inverter. 16. The solar power generation system of claim 14, wherein the one or more pipes extend about ten (10) feet (about three (3) meters) into the ground. 17. The solar power generation system of claim 14, wherein the heat transfer medium comprises ionized water, de-ionized water, antifreeze, and/or oil. 18. The solar power generation system of claim 14, further comprising a pump in communication with the heat transfer medium. 19. The solar power generation system of claim 14, wherein the ground comprises a heat sink and the solar power conversion system comprises a heat source. 20. The solar power generation system of claim 14, wherein the ground comprises a heat source and the solar power conversion system comprises a heat sink. 