A variety of arrangements and methods relating to solar energy collectors and/or solar receivers are described. In one aspect of the invention, a solar receiver includes a photovoltaic cell and a conductive bar that is mounted on the photovoltaic cell. One or more protective covers are positioned over the conductive bar and the cell. Each of the protective covers includes a top and an opposing bottom surface and a side beveled surface. The top and bottom surfaces of the protective covers are substantially parallel to the face of the photovoltaic cell. The side beveled surface is positioned over the conductive bar and is arranged to reflect incoming sunlight towards a portion of the cell that is not covered by the conductive bar.
Claims 1. A solar receiver comprising: a first photovoltaic cell; a first conductive bar mounted on the first photovoltaic cell; one or more protective covers that are positioned over the first conductive bar and the first photovoltaic cell, each protective cover including a top surface, an opposing bottom surface and a side beveled surface, the top and bottom surfaces being substantially parallel to a face of the photovoltaic cell, wherein the beveled surface of at least one of the protective covers is positioned over the first conductive bar and arranged to reflect incoming sunlight towards a portion of the first photovoltaic cell that is not covered by the first conductive bar. 2. A solar receiver as recited in claim 1 wherein the one or more protective covers includes a first protective cover and a second protective cover whose top surfaces are substantially coplanar and whose edges are positioned adjacent to one another over the first conductive bar. 3. A solar receiver as recited in claim 2 wherein the beveled surfaces of the first and second protective covers are positioned directly over the first conductive bar to form a v-shaped groove, the first conductive bar being positioned at least partially within the groove. 4. A solar receiver as recited in claim 1 wherein the one or more protective covers each include a side that has a non-uniform slope, the side including the beveled surface and helping to connect the top and bottom surfaces of the protective cover. 5. A solar receiver as recited in claim 1 wherein: the one or more protective covers are made substantially uniform of glass; and during normal operation of the solar receiver, there is no other reflective structure in the solar receiver between the protective covers and the first conductive bar that is arranged to reflect light away from the first conductive bar and direct such light towards a portion of the first photovoltaic cell that is not covered by the first conductive bar. 6. A solar receiver as recited in claim 1 wherein the beveled surfaces of the one or more protective covers is coated with a reflective material, while the top and bottom surfaces of the one or more protective covers are not coated with the reflective material. 7. A solar receiver as recited in claim 1 wherein: the first photovoltaic cell includes an edge region that supports the first conductive bar; the solar receiver further includes a second photovoltaic cell having an edge region that supports a second conductive bar; and the edge regions of the first and second photovoltaic cells are positioned adjacent to one another such that the first and second conductive bars are positioned adjacent to one another under the one or more protective covers. 8. A solar receiver as recited in claim 2, further comprising an outer protective layer that is laid over both the first and second protective covers to help seal any openings between and in the first and second protective covers. 9. A solar receiver as recited in claim 2 wherein: the beveled surfaces of the first and second protective covers slant and mate over the first conductive bar and are substantially parallel to one another; and the beveled surface of the second protective cover is arranged to direct the incoming sunlight towards a portion of the photovoltaic cell that is not covered by the first conductive bar. 10. A solar energy collector suitable for use in a solar energy collection system that tracks movements of the sun along at least one axis, the solar collector comprising: a solar receiver including: a first photovoltaic cell; and a first bus bar positioned on the first photovoltaic cell, the first bus bar arranged to carry electrical current generated by the first photovoltaic cell; and a reflective surface coupled with the first photovoltaic cell, the reflective surface arranged to reflect and concentrate incident sunlight to form a flux line that overlaps the first bus bar without entirely covering a cell face of the first photovoltaic cell. 11. A solar energy collector as recited in claim 10 wherein the flux line is a continuous, strip-like region of concentrated sunlight that illuminates a central portion of the first photovoltaic cell such that the flux line does not come in contact with two opposing edges of the first photovoltaic cell. 12. A solar energy collector as recited in claim 10 wherein: the first bus bar is situated on an edge region of the first photovoltaic cell; the solar receiver further includes a second photovoltaic cell and a second bus bar, the second bus bar being positioned on an edge region of the second photovoltaic cell; the edge regions of the first and second photovoltaic cells are positioned adjacent to one another such that the first and second bus bars are positioned adjacent to one another; and the reflective surface is arranged to form the flux line such that the flux line covers the edge regions and the first and second bus bars of the first and second photovoltaic cells. 13. A solar energy collector as recited in claim 10 wherein: the first bus bar has a width that is greater than approximately 1 mm; and the solar receiver further includes a plurality of conductive traces on the photovoltaic cell that are physically and electrically connected to the first bus bar, wherein the conductive traces each have a width of less than approximately 200 microns. 14. A solar energy collector as recited in claim 10, further comprising first and second protective covers that are positioned over the first bus bar and the first photovoltaic cell, the first and second protective covers each including a top surface, an opposing bottom surface and a side beveled surface, the top surfaces of the first and second protective covers being substantially coplanar with one another and being substantially parallel with a face of the photovoltaic cell. 15. A solar energy collector as recited in claim 14, wherein: the reflective surface is arranged to track the movements of the sun such that the incident light is not perpendicular to the cell face; the beveled surfaces of the first and second protective covers are arranged substantially parallel to and opposite one another; and the beveled surface of the second protective cover is arranged to reflect the incident light towards a portion of the photovoltaic cell. 16. A method of forming a solar receiver, the method comprising: mounting first and second protective covers on a carrier plate, the first and second protective covers having a beveled edge, a top surface and an opposing bottom surface, wherein the top surfaces of the first and second protective covers are mounted on the carrier such that the beveled edges are adjacent to each other; and positioning a photovoltaic cell over the bottom surfaces of the first and second protective covers, the photovoltaic cell having at least one bus bar, wherein the photovoltaic cell is positioned such that the at least one bus bar is situated beneath the beveled edges of the protective covers. 17. A method as recited in claim 18 wherein the first and second protective covers are made of glass. 