The invention relates to a modular solar collector arrangement, comprising a first supporting stand at a first end of the solar collector arrangement, the first supporting stand having at its upper end a first pivot bearing point defining a pivotal axis extending in longitudinal direction of the solar collector arrangement, a second supporting stand at a second end of the solar collector arrangement opposite to the first end in the longitudinal direction, the second supporting stand having at its upper end a second pivot bearing point of the pivotal axis, an intermediate supporting stand extending in vertical direction and having at its upper end an intermediate pivot bearing point of the pivotal axis, the intermediate supporting stand further comprising at its lower end at least two intermediate bases being arranged in a distance orthogonal to the longitudinal direction to each other, a first solar collector unit comprising at least one solar collector panel and a first unit frame to which the panel is mounted, the unit frame being pivotally mounted to the first pivot bearing point and an intermediate pivot bearing point, and a second solar collector unit comprising at least one solar collector panel and a second unit frame to which the panel is mounted, the unit frame being pivotally mounted to the second pivot bearing point and an intermediate pivot bearing point, a pivotal drive assembly comprising an x-drive unit and an x-coupling coupled between the x-drive unit and at least one unit frame for transferring a pivotal force from the x-drive unit to the unit frame for pivoting the unit frame around an x-axis extending in longitudinal direction of the arrangement, wherein each unit frame is mechanically coupled to its adjacent unit frame to transfer the pivotal force.
Claims 1. Modular solar collector arrangement, comprising: a first supporting stand (220a) at a first end of the solar collector arrangement, the first supporting stand extending in vertical direction and having at its upper end a first pivot bearing point (223a) defining a pivotal axis (201) extending in longitudinal direction of the solar collector arrangement, the supporting stand further comprising at its lower end at least two first bases (221, 222a) being arranged in a distance orthogonal to the longitudinal direction to each other, a second supporting stand (220c) at a second end of the solar collector arrangement opposite to the first end in the longitudinal direction, the second supporting stand extending in vertical direction and having at its upper end a second pivot bearing point of the pivotal axis, the supporting stand further comprising at its lower end at least two second bases being arranged in a distance orthogonal to the longitudinal direction to each other, an intermediate supporting stand (220b) extending in vertical direction and having at its upper end an intermediate pivot bearing point of the pivotal axis, the intermediate supporting stand further comprising at its lower end at least two intermediate bases being arranged in a distance orthogonal to the longitudinal direction to each other, a first solar collector unit (210a) comprising at least one solar collector panel (230ai) and a first unit frame (211a, 214a) to which the panel is mounted, the unit frame being pivotally mounted to the first pivot bearing point and an intermediate pivot bearing point, and a second solar collector unit (210b) comprising at least one solar collector panel (230bi) and a second unit frame (211b-214b) to which the panel is mounted, the unit frame being pivotally mounted to the second pivot bearing point and an intermediate pivot bearing point a pivotal drive assembly (250) comprising an x-drive unit (254) and an x-coupling (251) coupled between the x-drive unit and at least one unit frame for transferring a pivotal force from the x-drive unit to the unit frame for pivoting the unit frame around an x-axis (101; 401) extending in longitudinal direction of the arrangement, wherein each unit frame is mechanically coupled to its adjacent unit frame to transfer the pivotal force. 2. Modular solar collector arrangement according to claim 1, comprising at least two intermediate supporting stands (120b, c) each extending in vertical direction and having at its upper end an intermediate pivot bearing point of the pivotal axis, each intermediate supporting stand further comprising at its lower end at least two intermediate bases being arranged in a distance orthogonal to the longitudinal direction to each other, wherein between each two adjacent intermediate supporting stands an intermediate solar collector unit (110b) is mounted comprising at least one solar collector panel and an intermediate unit frame to which the solar collector panel is mounted, the unit frame being pivotally mounted to the intermediate pivot bearing points of the adjacent intermediate supporting stands around the x-axis (101; 401). 3. Modular solar collector arrangement according to claim 1, wherein each solar collector panel is pivotally mounted within the solar collector unit for rotation around an y-axis (102; 402) which is inclined or perpendicular to the x-axis (101; 401) and wherein a pivotal drive assembly (461, 462, 463) is provided for pivoting the solar collector panels around the y-axis (102; 402). 4. Modular solar collector arrangement according to claim 3, further comprising y-coupling means (465, 466, 431bi, 431bii, 431aiii) for coupling the solar collector panels to each other for synchronous rotation around the second axis. 5. Modular solar collector arrangement according to claim 3, wherein the x-axis (101; 401) is oriented horizontally and the y-axis (102; 402) is pivotal around the x-axis (101; 401). 6. Modular solar collector arrangement according to claim 3, wherein the x-axis (101; 401) and the y-axis (102; 402) intersect. 7. Modular solar collector arrangement according to claim 3, wherein the x-axis (101; 401) and/or the y-axis (102; 402) are arranged in the plane of the solar collector panels or adjacent to this plane or in or adjacent to the center of gravity of the solar collector panels. 8. Modular solar collector arrangement according to claim 1, wherein the x-drive unit is a rotational drive unit (154) and the x-coupling means comprise a gear (153) coupled to the rotational drive unit, a chain (151) engaging the gear, the first end (151a) of the chain being coupled to a unit frame at a first position, the second end (151b) of the chain being coupled to said unit frame at a second position, wherein first and second position are in a distance to each other in orthogonal direction to the longitudinal axis of the solar collector arrangement. 9. Modular solar collector arrangement according to claim 8, wherein the chain is guided in a curved rail (152) extending along a half circle which center is arranged close to or in said longitudinal axis. 10. Modular solar collector arrangement according to claim 1, wherein each frame unit comprises a longitudinal bar (111, 113) extending in longitudinal direction and being arranged in a distance to said longitudinal pivotal axis, the frame units being coupled by coupling means (415, 416) connecting the longitudinal bars of two adjacent frame units. 11. Modular solar collector arrangement according to claim 1, further comprising a tensional mounting arrangement having a first tensional element (140a) bent from a base of a first supporting stand to a tensional joint (143a), a second tensional element (142a) bent from an intermediate base of an intermediate supporting stand adjacent to the first supporting stand to the tensional joint, wherein said base of the intermediate supporting stand is on the opposite side of said base of the first supporting stand, a third tensional element (141a) bent from a mounting point adjacent to the pivot bearing of said intermediate base to the tensional joint. 12. Modular solar collector arrangement according to claim 11, further comprising: a fourth tensional element (141a) bent from a mounting point adjacent to the pivot bearing of said intermediate base to a second tensional joint (143b), a fifth tensional element (142b) bent from the second tensional joint to a base of said intermediate supporting stand, said base being arranged opposite to said base to which said second tensional element (142a) is mounted, a sixth tensional element (140b) bent from a base of a second or intermediate supporting stand adjacent to said intermediate supporting stand to the tensional joint, wherein said base of said second or intermediate supporting stand is on the opposite side of said base of said first supporting stand. 13. Modular solar collector arrangement according to claim 11, wherein said tensional elements are ties, ropes or wires. 14. Modular solar collector arrangement according to claim 1, further comprising a control unit, the control unit being adapted to receive positional data from at least one positional sensor indicating the position of the solar collector panels and to send signals to the x-drive unit and, if present, the y-drive unit to orient the solar collector panels for tracking the position of the sun. 15. Modular solar collector arrangement according to the claim 14, wherein said positional sensor is a gravity sensor. 16. Modular solar collector arrangement according to claim 1, wherein the control unit is adapted to detect shadowing effects on parts of the solar collector panel and includes a calculation unit which is adapted to calculate an optimized orientation of the solar collector panels taking into account the position of the sun and the amount of shaded surface parts of the solar collector panels. 17. Modular solar collector arrangement according to claim 14, wherein said control unit is adapted to receive load data from at least one load sensor, said load data indicating a load to the solar collector panels induced by external forces like wind or snow and wherein said control unit comprises a comparator to compare said load data with predetermined load limits and the control unit is adapted to send signals to the x-drive unit and, if present, the y-drive unit to drive the solar collector panels in a position wherein the external loads are minimised. 18. Modular solar collector arrangement according to claim 1, wherein said control unit is adapted to calculate the optimum position of the solar collector panels based on astronomical data, a clocked movement of the x- and y-drive units and/or an optimisation routine of the power output of the panels comparing at least two different orientations of the panels. 19. Method for operating a solar collector arrangement, comprising the steps: mechanically coupling a number of solar collector panels in such a way that their movement and position with regard to a horizontal y-axis (102; 402) is synchronous, mechanically coupling the number of solar collector panels in such a way that their movement and position with regard to a horizontal x-axis (101; 401) is synchronous, detecting the position of at least one solar collector panel, in particular by detecting the direction of gravity with reference to a surface of the solar collector panel, determining a position of the solar collector panels which produces maximum power output, enabling an x-drive unit coupled to the solar collector panels to move the solar collector panels to the optimum position with reference to the x-axis (101; 401), and enabling an y-drive unit coupled to the solar collector panels to move the solar collector panels to the optimum position with reference to the y-axis (102; 402). 20. Method according to claim 19, comprising the steps: detecting an external load acting onto at least one solar collector panel, comparing the external load to an upper load limit, enabling the x-drive unit and/or the y-drive unit coupled to the solar collector panels to move the so drive the solar collector panels to a park position wherein the external load is reduced. 21. Method according to claim 20, comprising the steps: i. driving the solar collector panels in an optimum position for optimum power output after a predetermined time after the park position was reached, ii. detecting the external load during the driving process and comparing it to the upper load limit, iii. keeping the optimum position if the external load is below the upper load limit or iv. driving the solar collector panels back to the park position if the external load exceeds the upper load limit, whereafter the process starts at step i) again. 22. Method according to claim 20, wherein the external load is detected by measuring at least one wind parameter, in particular the velocity and direction of the wind and/or an amount of snow acting onto a surface of predetermined seize. 23. A method for assembling a solar collector arrangement, comprising the steps: building a first and a second end baseplate, building at least one intermediate baseplate, wherein the baseplates are distanced from each other in longitudinal direction of the solar collector arrangement, mounting first, second and intermediate bases of vertically extending first, second and intermediate supporting stands to each of the baseplates, respectively, mounting horizontally extending unit frames to pivot bearings arranged at the upper end of each supporting stand between each two adjacent supporting stands, each unit frame supporting at least one solar collector panel, mounting at least one first tension device bent between a mounting point in a region of a first base of a first supporting stand and a region of a pivot bearing of an intermediate supporting stand adjacent to the first supporting stand. 24. A method according to claim 23, wherein each baseplate is built by building a pair of baseplate blocks distanced from each other in a direction perpendicular to the longitudinal direction, and wherein one base is placed on each baseplate block. 25. A method according to claim 24, wherein mounting the tension device comprises the steps of: bending a first tensional element from a first base of a first supporting stand to a tensional joint, bending a second tensional element from a base of an intermediate supporting stand adjacent to the first supporting stand to the tensional joint, wherein said base of the intermediate supporting stand is on the opposite side of said base of the first supporting stand, ending a third tensional element from a mounting point adjacent to the pivot bearing of said intermediate base to the tensional joint. 26. A method according to claim 25, wherein a second tension device is mounted by the steps of: bending a fourth tensional element from a mounting point adjacent to the pivot bearing of said intermediate base to a second tensional joint, bending a fifth tensional element from the second tensional joint to a base of said intermediate supporting stand, said base being arranged opposite to said base to which said second tensional element (142a) is mounted, bending a sixth tensional element from a base of a second or intermediate supporting stand adjacent to said intermediate supporting stand to the second tensional joint, wherein said base of said second or intermediate supporting stand is on the opposite side of said base of said first supporting stand. 27. A method according to claim 23 further comprising the steps of: mounting a common x-drive unit for pivoting the unit frames around the pivotal axis, the common drive unit being in particular arranged in a central position of the solar collector arrangement, and coupling each two adjacent unit frames at using a bracket connecting the outer frame beams of the unit frames. 