A device consisting of a rotatable substrate (10) with at least one cavity (14) or channel/chamber structures is described. Fluids may be provided into the at least one cavity (14) and on rotation of the substrate will experience the effects of pseudo forces. At least one functional element (15, 16) which is based on organic conductors as for instance an LED or a photodiode is connected with the rotatable substrate.
Claims 1. A device including a rotatable substrate with one or more cavities configured for receipt of a fluid therein, the substrate comprising at least one functional element fabricated from an organic semiconductor, the at least one functional element being integrally provided with the substrate and providing at least one of an illumination source or a detector to provide respectively at least one of optical excitation of a fluid within the one or more cavities or optical detection of an optical response of a fluid within the one or more cavities, rotation of the substrate effecting a corresponding rotation of each of the one or more cavities and the at least one functional element so as to allow for continuous illumination or detection of the fluid during the rotation of the substrate. 2. The device of claim 1 wherein the at least one functional element is configured to selectively induce effects within the fluid or determine the response of the fluid to an induced effect. 3. The device of claim 1 wherein the at least one functional element is configured to operably provide a source of electromagnetic radiation. 4. The device of claim 3 wherein the source of electromagnetic radiation provides for optical illumination of the fluid. 5. The device of claim 1 wherein the at least one functional element is responsive to optical properties of the fluid. 6-7. (canceled) 8. The device of claim 1 wherein the fluid is selected from at least one of a liquid, a gas, a suspension of particles or a mixture from several phases or substances. 9. The device of claim 1 configured such that during rotation of the substrate each of the fluid and the at least one functional element interact. 10. The device of claim 1 wherein at least one of the one or more cavities are externally accessible such that a fluid may be introduced thereto. 11. The device of claim 1 wherein at least one of the one or more cavities have characteristic dimensions less than a millimeter. 12. The device of claim 9 wherein the at least one of the one or more cavities defines a microstructure within the substrate. 13. The device of claim 1 configured for collection of characteristics of the fluid within at least one of the one or more cavities. 14. The device of claim 1 wherein the at least one functional element provides for a detection of electromagnetic radiation. 15. The device of claim 13 wherein the characteristics collected include optical characteristics such as chemi-luminescence, bio-luminescence, fluorescence and optical density. 16. The device of claim 1 wherein the at least one functional element and fluid interact through generation of or detection of acoustic waves. 17. The device of claim 1 configured for detection of an impedance measurement. 18. The device of claim 1 element wherein the at least one functional element includes one or more electrodes. 19. The device of claim 1 wherein two or more cavities each having an associated at least one of the at least functional element to provide for two or more measurement outputs from the device. 20. The device of claim 19 wherein the two or more cavities are radially arranged about the substrate. 21. The device of claim 1 wherein the at least one functional element provides a detector configured for spatial discrimination of characteristics of the fluid. 22. The device of claim 1 wherein the at least one functional element is configured for inducing temperature changes within the fluid. 23. The device of claim 1 wherein the at least one functional element is configured for at least one of electronic processing, data storage, representation of data, display of data and/or transfer of data from the substrate. 24. The device of claim 1 including at least one of a photovoltaic cell and/or electrochemical cell. 25. The device of claim 1 wherein the at least one functional element is configured to provide at least one of a conduction, amplification, switching, sending and/or receipt of electrical signals. 26. The device of claim 1 wherein the at least one functional element is configured to provide at least one of a transmission, receipt, focusing, divergence, conduction, switching, division, filtering, diffraction or reflection of electromagnetic radiation. 27. The device of claim 1 wherein the at least one functional element is configured to provide at least one of spatial and/or phase identification of constituents within the fluid. 28. The device of claim 1 wherein the at least one functional element is configured to provide for the conversion of energy from one form to another. 29. The device of claim 1 wherein the at least one functional element is configured to provide for a storage or conduction of energy. 30. The device of claim 1 wherein the at least one functional element is configured to operably interact with elements in stationary components provided in an inertial or stationary frame of reference. 31. The device of claim 30 wherein the interaction is through one or more of magnetic or electrical fields. 32. The device of claim 30 wherein the interaction is through transmission of electromagnetic radiation. 33. The device of claim 1 wherein the at least one functional element is fabricated directly onto the substrate. 34. The device of claim 33 wherein the at least one functional element is formed on the substrate using one of liquid solution or vapor-phase processing. 35. The device of claim 1 wherein functional elements are fabricated remotely to the substrate and then coupled to the substrate to form a final assembled device. 36. The device of claim 1 wherein the at least one functional element is defined within a thin film provided on the substrate. 37. The device of claim 1 provided as a one-use device. 38. The device of claim 1 wherein the at least one functional element provides a synchronous light signal dependent on the rotation frequency of the substrate to generate a stationary or pseudo-stationary representation as viewed from the stationary reference frame. 39. A medical sensor including a device as claimed in claim 1. 40. An analysis tool including a device as claimed in claim 1. 41. A device including a rotatable substrate with one or more cavities configured for receipt of a fluid therein, the substrate having at least one sensor element fabricated from an organic semiconductor and provided in communication with the one or more cavities, rotation of the substrate effecting a corresponding rotation of each of the one or more cavities and the at least one sensor element so as to enable a continuous monitoring of fluid within the one or more cavities during rotation of the substrate so as to allow for continuous optical illumination of a fluid within the one or more cavities or optical detection of an optical response of a fluid within the one or more cavities. 42. (canceled) 43. A method of fabricating a centrifugal device, the method including: a. Defining at least one cavity within a rotatable substrate, the cavity defining a volume for receipt of a fluid; and b. Integrating a functional element on the substrate, the functional element being fabricated from an organic semiconductor, the functional element providing at least one of an excitation source or a detector to provide respectively at least one of optical excitation of a fluid within the one or more cavities or optical detection of an optical response of a fluid within the one or more cavities. 