System(s) and method(s) are provided for assembling and utilizing parabolic reflectors in a solar concentrator. Parabolic reflectors assembly starts with a low-cost, flat reflective material that is bent into a parabolic or through shape via a set of support ribs that are affixed in a support beam. The parabolic reflectors are mounted on a support frame in various panels or arrays to form a parabolic solar concentrator. Each parabolic reflector focuses light in a line segment pattern. Light beam pattern focused onto a receiver via the parabolic solar concentrator can be optimized. The receiver is attached to the support frame, opposite the parabolic reflector arrays, and includes a photovoltaic (PV) module and a heat harvesting element that enable dual-mode energy conversion operation. To increase performance of the parabolic solar concentrator, the PV module can be configured to advantageously exploit a light beam pattern optimization regardless irregularities in the pattern.
Claims 1. A solar concentrator comprising: a plurality of arrays of parabolic reflectors, wherein each parabolic reflector comprises a reflective element deflected into a through shape via a set of support ribs attached to a backbone beam; and one or more receivers that collect light from the parabolic reflectors, the receivers comprising at least one of a photovoltaic (PV) module for energy conversion or a thermal energy harvest system; and a tracking system to optimize light intensity distribution in a pattern of collected light in each of the one or more receivers in the plurality of arrays of parabolic reflectors. 2. The solar concentrator of claim 1, wherein the PV module comprises a set of clusters of PV cells arranged to optimally utilize the collected light, the PV cells in the set of clusters include at least one of crystalline silicon solar cells, crystalline germanium solar cells, solar cells based on III-V group semiconductors, CuGaSe-based solar cells, CuInSe-based solar cells, amorphous silicon cells, thin-film tandem solar cell, triple-junction solar cells, or nanostructured solar cells. 3. The solar concentrator of claim 2, wherein each PV cell in the set of clusters is monolithic and oriented along a specific axis normal to a plane that contains the PV module. 4. The solar concentrator of claim 2, wherein each cluster in the set of clusters of PV cells comprises one or more rows of a plurality of PV cells electrically coupled in a series connection. 5. The solar concentrator of claim 4, wherein at least one of the one or more rows of the plurality of PV cells comprises current-matched PV active elements, wherein the PV active elements are current matched based at least in part on a performance characterization conducted in a testing facility under simulated operating field conditions. 6. The solar concentrator of claim 4, wherein one or more PV cells are laid out in the vicinity of one or more clusters in the set of clusters and electrically connected with a PV element in the one or more clusters to mitigate performance degradation of the PV module. 7. The solar concentrator of claim 1, for receivers that include the thermal energy harvest system, the thermal energy harvest system resides in a back surface of the receiver. 8. The solar concentrator of claim 6, wherein the thermal energy harvest system further comprises a thermoelectric device that converts heat into electricity to supplement PV energy conversion. 9. The solar concentrator of claim 1, wherein at least one of the one or more receivers includes a casing to mitigate interaction of an operator with a concentrated light beam. 10. The solar concentrator of claim 1, wherein the casing comprises a set of nozzles to exhaust hot air from the vicinity of the PV module to increase energy conversion performance. 11. A method to assemble a solar collector, the method comprising: assembling a parabolic reflector by bending a portion of a flat reflective material into a through shape via a set of set of support ribs attached to a backbone beam; mounting in a support frame a plurality of arrays of assembled parabolic reflectors; adjusting a position of each parabolic reflector in the plurality of arrays to optimize a light beam collected on a receiver, wherein the adjusting act includes automatically tracking the position of each parabolic reflector to minimize fluctuations in the collected light beam pattern; and configuring a photovoltaic (PV) module on the receiver in accordance with a pattern of concentrated light in the receiver. 12. The method of claim 10, further comprising installing a thermal harvest device on the receiver to collect heat generated through light collection. 13. The method of claim 12, automatically tracking the position of each parabolic reflector to minimize fluctuations in the collected light beam pattern comprises at least one of collecting data through measurements or access to a local or remote database; actuating a motor to adjust position of elements in the solar collector; or reporting condition(s) of the solar collector. 14. The method of claim 11, configuring a photovoltaic module on the receiver in accordance with a pattern of concentrated light in the receiver further comprising arranging a set of PV cells in the PV module in clusters of disparate units so as to increase exposure of the set of PV cells to collected light. 15. The method of claim 11, wherein the clusters of disparate units comprise one or more rows of a plurality of PV cells electrically coupled in a series connection. 16. The method of claim 15, at least one of the one or more rows in the cluster of disparate units comprises current-matched PV active elements, wherein the PV active elements are current matched based at least in part on a performance characterization conducted in a testing facility under simulated operating field conditions. 17. The method of claim 13, wherein arranging the set of PV cells in the PV module in clusters of disparate units so as to increase exposure to collected light includes positioning lower performing PV active elements in a bottom row within the PV module, highest performing cells at a middle section of the PV module, and next highest performing elements in a top row within the PV module. 18. The method of claim 11, adjusting a position of each reflector in the plurality of arrays to optimize a light beam collected on a receiver further comprising automatically configuring the position of each reflector to shift a pattern of collected light towards the middle section and the top row within the PV module to maximize electrical output. 19. The method of claim 12, wherein the thermal harvest device comprises a metal serpentine that circulates a fluid to gather and transport heat. 20. The method of claim 18, wherein the thermal harvest device further comprises a thermoelectric device that converts heat into electricity to supplement PV energy conversion. 21. A photovoltaic receiver, comprising: a set of PV elements electrically and mutually coupled, and fixated on a first flat surface of a solid platform; wherein the set of PV elements are arranged in one or more clusters that maximize exposure to sunlight incident in the PV module, the PV active elements include at least one of crystalline semiconductor-based solar cells, amorphous silicon cells, thin-film tandem solar cell, or nanostructured solar cells; and a module that refrigerates the set of PV elements in order to maintain a cost-effective energy conversion performance. 22. The photovoltaic receiver of claim 21, wherein the module is removably attached to the solid platform, and includes a set of conduits through which a fluid for heat collection circulates. 23. The photovoltaic receiver of claim 21, wherein the solid platform is part of the module that refrigerates the set of PV elements. 24. The photovoltaic receiver of claim 21, further comprising a reflective light collection guide that allows uniformization of light collected at the set of PV elements. 25. The photovoltaic receiver of claim 21, the module that refrigerates the set of PV elements consists of a serpentine tube through which fluid circulates, the serpentine tube is embedded is part of the solid platform. 26. The photovoltaic receiver of claim 21, wherein the module is coated with a thermoelectric material to supplement energy conversion generated through the photovoltaic receiver. 