Method and system for forming one or more predetermined patterns on a substrate for making a photovoltaic device. The method includes aligning at least a first droplet source with a substrate, dispensing one or more first droplets associated with one or more first materials from the first droplet source, and forming at least a first pattern of one or more second materials on the substrate by at least the first droplet source. Additionally, the method includes providing a first light beam incident on at least the first pattern, obtaining a first signal associated with the first pattern in response to the first light beam, processing information associated with the first signal, and determining one or more first characteristics of the first pattern based on at least information associated with the first signal.
Claims 1. A method for forming one or more predetermined patterns on a substrate for making a photovoltaic device, the method comprising: aligning at least a first droplet source with a substrate; dispensing one or more first droplets associated with one or more first materials from the first droplet source; forming at least a first pattern of one or more second materials on the substrate by at least the first droplet source; providing a first light beam incident on at least the first pattern; obtaining a first signal associated with the first pattern in response to the first light beam; processing information associated with the first signal; determining one or more first characteristics of the first pattern based on at least information associated with the first signal; processing information associated with the one or more first characteristics; changing the first pattern to a second pattern by at least a pattern forming device, the pattern forming device including at least a second droplet source, at least a material removal device, or at least the second droplet source and the material removal device. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein the process for dispensing one or more first droplets associated with one or more first materials includes dispensing the one or more first droplets associated with the one or more first materials from at least one selected from a group consisting of a nozzle and an ejector. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein the process for dispensing one or more first droplets associated with one or more first materials includes dispensing the one or more first droplets associated with the one or more first materials from a printhead. 4. The method of claim 1 wherein the process for changing the first pattern to a second pattern by at least a pattern forming device includes changing the first pattern to the second pattern by at least one selected from a group consisting of an optical ablation device and a mechanical ablation device. 5. The method of claim 1 wherein the process for forming at least a first pattern of one or more second materials on the substrate by at least the first droplet source includes forming at least the first pattern associated with at least one characteristic corresponding to thickness of a layer on the substrate. 6. The method of claim 1 wherein the process for forming at least a first pattern of one or more second materials on the substrate by at least the first droplet source includes forming at least the first pattern including at least a first part and a second part, the first part including a third part of a substrate surface of the substrate without any of the one or more second materials on the third part, a second part including the one or more second materials on a fourth part of the substrate surface. 7. The method of claim 1 wherein the process for forming at least a first pattern of one or more second materials on the substrate and the process for changing the first pattern to a second pattern are performed by at least a same droplet source, the same droplet source being the first droplet source, the same droplet source being the second droplet source. 8. The method of claim 1 wherein the process for obtaining a first signal associated with the first pattern includes obtaining an optical signal or an electrical signal associated with the first pattern in response to the first light beam. 9. The method of claim 8 wherein the optical signal is a second light beam transmitted through at least the first pattern in response to the first light beam. 10. The method of claim 8 wherein the optical signal is a second light beam reflected from at least the first pattern in response to the first light beam. 11. The method of claim 8 wherein the electrical signal is a current as a function of a voltage, the current and the voltage being related to at least the first pattern. 12. The method of claim 1 wherein the process for determining one or more first characteristics includes determining at least one selected from a group consisting of absorption, transmission, reflection, roughness, fluorescence, and imaging. 13. The method of claim 1 wherein the process for determining one or more first characteristics includes determining at least one selected from a group consisting of photovoltaic IV response and photoemission. 14. The method of claim 1, and further comprising: providing a second light beam incident on at least the second pattern; obtaining a second signal associated with the second pattern in response to the second light beam; processing information associated with the second signal; determining one or more second characteristics of the second pattern based on at least information associated with the second signal; processing information associated with the one or more second characteristics; changing the second pattern to a third pattern by a second pattern forming device, the second pattern forming device including at least a third droplet source, at least a second material removal device, or at least the third droplet source and the second material removal device. 15. The method of claim 14 wherein the process for changing the first pattern to a second pattern and the process for changing the second pattern to a third pattern are performed by a same pattern forming device. 16. The method of claim 1, and further comprising: before performing the process for aligning at least a first droplet source with a substrate, performing one or more first fabrication processes for making a photovoltaic module; after performing the process for changing the first pattern to a second pattern, performing one or more second fabrication processes for making the photovoltaic module. 17. The method of claim 16 wherein the one or more second fabrication processes include: sealing the photovoltaic module; and mounting a junction box. 18. The method of claim 1 wherein the one or more first materials are the same as the one or more second materials. 19. The method of claim 1 wherein at least one of the one or more first materials is different from each of the one or more second materials. 20. The method of claim 1 wherein at least one of the one or more second materials is different from each of the one or more first materials. 21. A method for forming one or more predetermined patterns on a substrate for making a photovoltaic device, the method comprising: aligning at least a first droplet source with a substrate; dispensing one or more droplets associated with one or more first materials from the first droplet source; forming at least a first pattern of one or more second materials on the substrate by at least the first droplet source; providing a light beam incident on at least the one or more droplets; obtaining a signal associated with the one or more droplets in response to the light beam; processing information associated with the signal; determining one or more characteristics of the first pattern based on at least information associated with the signal; processing information associated with the one or more characteristics; changing the first pattern to a second pattern by a pattern forming device, the pattern forming device including at least a second droplet source, at least a material removal device, or at least the second droplet source and the material removal device. 22. The method of claim 21 wherein the process for forming at least a first pattern of one or more second materials on the substrate and the process for changing the first pattern to a second pattern are performed by at least a same droplet source. 23. The method of claim 21 wherein the one or more first materials are the same as the one or more second materials. 24. The method of claim 21 wherein at least one of the one or more first materials is different from each of the one or more second materials. 25. The method of claim 21 wherein at least one of the one or more second materials is different from each of the one or more first materials. 26. A system for forming one or more predetermined patterns on a substrate for making a photovoltaic device, the system comprising: a positioning system configured to align at least a first droplet source with a substrate; at least the first droplet source configured to dispense one or more first droplets associated with one or more first materials and form at least a first pattern of one or more second materials on the substrate; a light source configured to provide a first light beam incident on at least the first pattern; a sensing device configured to obtain a first signal associated with the first pattern in response to the first light beam; a control device configured to receive the first signal, process information associated with the first signal, determine one or more first characteristics of the first pattern based on at least information associated with the first signal, process information associated with the one or more first characteristics, and output a second signal based on at least information associated with the one or more first characteristics; at least a first pattern forming device configured to receive the second signal and change the first pattern to a second pattern based on at least information associated with the second signal, the first pattern forming device including at least a second droplet source, at least a material removal device, or at least the second droplet source and the material removal device. 27. The system of claim 26 wherein the control device includes a computer. 28. The system of claim 26 wherein the sensing device includes an optical detector. 29. The system of claim 26 wherein the sensing device includes an electrical measurement device configured to measure at least a current, a voltage, or the current and the voltage. 30. The system of claim 26 wherein the first droplet source is a part of a second pattern forming device. 31. The system of claim 30 wherein the first pattern forming device and the second pattern forming device are the same pattern forming device. 32. The system of claim 30 wherein the first pattern forming device and the second pattern forming device are two different pattern forming devices. 33. The system of claim 30 wherein the first droplet source includes at least one selected from a group consisting of a nozzle and an ejector. 34. The system of claim 33 wherein the ejector is an acoustic ejector. 35. The system of claim 33 where the nozzle is an inkjet nozzle or a spray nozzle. 36. The system of claim 30 wherein the first droplet source includes a printhead. 37. The system of claim 30 wherein the first material removal device includes at least one selected from a group consisting of an optical ablation device and a mechanical ablation device. 38. The system of claim 30 wherein the first droplet source and the second droplet source are the same droplet source. 39. The system of claim 30 wherein the first droplet source and the second droplet source are two different droplet sources. 40. The system of claim 30 wherein the first signal is an optical signal or an electrical signal. 41. The system of claim 40 wherein the optical signal is a second light beam transmitted through at least the first pattern in response to the first light beam. 42. The system of claim 40 wherein the optical signal is a second light beam reflected from at least the first pattern in response to the first light beam. 43. The system of claim 40 wherein the electrical signal is a current as a function of a voltage, the current and the voltage being related to at least the first pattern. 44. The system of claim 26 wherein the one or more first characteristics are associated with at least one selected from a group consisting of absorption, transmission, reflection, roughness, fluorescence, and imaging. 45. The system of claim 26 wherein the one or more first characteristics are associated with at least one selected from a group consisting of photovoltaic IV response and photoemission. 46. A system for forming one or more predetermined patterns on a substrate for making a photovoltaic device, the system comprising: a positioning system configured to align at least a first droplet source with a substrate; at least the first droplet source configured to dispense one or more droplets associated with one or more first materials and form at least a first pattern of one or more second materials on the substrate; a light source configured to provide a light beam incident on at least the one or more droplets; a sensing device configured to obtain a first signal associated with the first pattern in response to the light beam; a control device configured to receive the first signal, process information associated with the first signal, determine one or more characteristics of the first pattern based on at least information associated with the first signal, process information associated with the one or more characteristics, and output a second signal based on at least information associated with the one or more characteristics; at least a pattern forming device configured to change the first pattern to a second pattern, the pattern forming device including at least a second droplet source, at least a material removal device, or at least the second droplet source and the material removal device. 47. The system of claim 46 wherein the first droplet source and the second droplet source are the same droplet source. 48. The system of claim 46 wherein the first droplet source and the second droplet source are two different droplet sources. 49. The system of claim 46 wherein the one or more first materials are the same as the one or more second materials. 50. The system of claim 46 wherein at least one of the one or more first materials is different from each of the one or more second materials. 51. The system of claim 46 wherein at least one of the one or more second materials is different from each of the one or more first materials. 