A method involving filters of an extracted plane from a digital image of an area of skin to obtain a first ripple image and a second roughness image, from which appropriate computation devices are used to calculate different types of gray levels to characterize a pigment spot, notably with regard to the uniformity or disparity of the spot. A method measures the effectiveness of a cutaneous pigment spot treatment by an active pigmenting or depigmenting agent.
Claims 1. A method for characterizing skin pigment spots, comprising: a) taking at least one digital color image, using a digital color image-taking device, of at least one determined area of skin including at least a portion of a pigment spot, said image being defined by a multiplicity of pixels, said image being transmitted to a digital image processing device to be stored; b) dividing the stored digital image into three color planes: red, green, blue, called R, G, B, using said image processing device; c) extracting just one of these planes, or a combination of these planes; d) filtering at least a portion of the extracted plane to obtain a first sub-image designated a ripple image and a second sub-image designated a roughness image; e) using appropriate computation means to calculate, over at least a portion of at least the ripple image, and of at least a portion of the roughness image, at least one parameter from: the arithmetic mean of the mean deviations of the gray levels; the root mean square of the mean deviations of the gray levels; the difference between the lowest gray level and the highest gray level; the difference between the highest gray level and the average of the gray levels; and the difference between the lowest gray level and the average of the gray levels; characterizing said pigment spot with regard to the uniformity or disparity of the spot. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the pigment spot is selected from the group: a cutaneous dyschromia taking the form of at least one spot of color different from the healthy skin because of an abnormal pigmentation, a photo-dermatose, a melasma, keratoses, a senile lentigo, an aging spot, a solar lentigo, a persistent effect of burns, a skin wound, a scar, a spot due to allergic or phototoxic reactions, a dermatitis a pigmented lesions; a depigmented area, a leukodermas, and vitiligo. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein at least a portion of the pigment spot is detected in the extracted plane or in at least one of the extracted sub-images; and these calculations are applied to said pigment spot. 4. The method of claim 3, wherein characterizing the spot includes measuring parameters from a location selected from the edge, from outside the pigment spot in the vicinity of the edge of the spot, from the extracted plane or the sub-images. 5. The method of claim 1, further comprising extracting the blue color plane. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein said image is enlarged enabling an operator to better view the skin imperfections and assess the thresholding of the gray levels with which to eliminate parasitic elements or artifacts. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein the digital color image-taking device is selected from a digital color photo apparatus and a digital color camera. 8. The method of claim 1, comprising storing one image or a plurality of images of the skin of one and the same person over several different areas, on the digital data processing device. 9. The method of claim 1, wherein the computation means take into account the average of each parameter. 10. An apparatus for characterizing a person's skin pigment spots, comprising: a) a digital color image-taking device for taking at least one digital color image of at least one determined area of skin, said image being defined by a multiplicity of pixels, transmitted to a digital image processing device to be stored; b) means for dividing up the digital image into three color planes: red, green, blue, called R, G, B, using said image processing device; c) means for extracting just one of the planes or a combination of the planes; d) computation means for calculating, over at least a portion of at least one of a ripple image, and of at least a portion of a roughness image, at least one parameter chosen from: the arithmetic mean of the mean deviations of the gray levels; the root mean square of the mean deviations of the gray levels; the difference between the lowest gray level and the highest gray level; the difference between the highest gray level and the average of the gray levels; and finally the difference between the lowest gray level and the average of the gray levels; to characterize said pigment spot with regard to the uniformity or disparity of the spot. 11. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein the extraction means extract the blue color plane on which the computation means perform the calculation of the at least one above parameter. 12. The apparatus of claim 10, comprising thresholding means for thresholding of the gray levels, to eliminate the gray levels below a certain predetermined gray level threshold, in order to eliminate parasitic elements or artifacts. 13. The apparatus of claim 12, further comprising means for extracting from said digital image a limited surface area of the skin of the person to be analyzed, on which the computation means proceed to analyze the pigment spots over all of the limited surface area, to calculate said parameters and perform said thresholding. 14. The apparatus of claim 10, comprising means for enlarging said image obtained by the digital color image-taking device enabling an operator to better view the pigment spots and assess the thresholding of the gray levels with which to eliminate the parasitic elements or artifacts. 15. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein the digital color image-taking device is selected from a digital color photo apparatus and a digital color camera. 16. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein the processing means are storing one image or a plurality of images of the skin of one and the same person on the digital data storage device. 17. The apparatus of claim 10, comprising a computer combined with a monitor comprising a screen, a keyboard and a mouse and comprising software incorporating all the means, including: means for enlarging said image; means for storing at least one image or a plurality of images of the skin; means for dividing up the digital image into three color planes: red, green, blue, called R, G, B; means for extracting just one of the planes;--means for calculating, over at least a portion of the ripple image and/or a portion of the roughness image, at least one parameter selected from: the arithmetic mean of the mean deviations of the gray levels; the root mean square of the mean deviations of the gray levels; the difference between the lowest gray level and the highest gray level; the difference between the highest gray level and the average of the gray levels; the difference between the lowest gray level and the average of the gray levels; means for taking into account a thresholding of the gray levels; for characterizing said pigment spot, with regard to the uniformity or disparity of the spot. 18. The apparatus of claim 10, comprising extracting the blue plane corresponding to the blue color. 19. A method of measuring the effectiveness of a cutaneous pigment spot treatment by an active pigmenting or depigmenting cosmetic, dermatological or pharmaceutical agent or a cosmetic, dermatological or pharmaceutical composition including such an active agent, comprising: a) characterizing at least one spot according to the method of claim 1; b) characterizing said spot according to the method of claim 1, after having performed a cosmetic, dermatological or therapeutic treatment of at least said spot using said active agent or said composition; c) comparing the two characterizations to determine the effectiveness of said treatment. 20. The method of claim 19, wherein the pigment spot is selected from the group: a cutaneous dyschromia taking the form of at least one spot of color different from the healthy skin because of an abnormal pigmentation, a photo-dermatose, a melasma, keratoses, a senile lentigo, an aging spot, a solar lentigo, a persistent effect of burns, a skin wound, a scar, a spot due to allergic or phototoxic reactions, a dermatitis, a pigmented lesion; a depigmented area, a leukodermas, and vitiligo. 21. The method of claim 19, wherein characterizing the spot comprises measuring parameters located on a location selected from the edge of the spot, and the outside of the pigment spot in the vicinity of the edge of the spot. 