A tank infrastructure that is installed on space that is covered with human development, and used to grow blue green algae or other algae. This includes application over roads, tracks, buildings, parking lots, and any other space that is viewed from space as being any color other than green due to human development destroying photosynthetic life. It can also be utilized in desert landscapes and other areas such as in or over oceans. The algae produced will act as a large carbon sink to aid in curbing global warming, and will be used in the production of alternative fuels as well as for human or animal consumption and in industry.
Claims 1. A method of absorbing solar energy and carbon dioxide, said method comprising: mounting a container over a structure; exposing the contents of said container to sunlight; delivering air into said container; and growing algae within said container. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the structure is an existing element of infrastructure, selected from a roadway, a building, a railway, or a parking lot. 3. The method of claim 1, further comprising harvesting the algae grown in the container. 4. The method of claim 3, wherein the harvested algae is further processed to generate fuel. 5. The method of claim 1, further comprising collecting gases emitted from the growing algae. 6. A system for growing algae over human infrastructure, said system comprising: a tank comprising a sunlight-transmissive top portion; a quantity of algae-containing water disposed within said tank; and means for delivering air into said tank; and means for collecting algae from the water. 7. The system of claim 6, wherein at least the sunlight-transmissive top portion of the tank is ridged. 8. The system of claim 6, wherein at least a portion of the tank is oriented at an oblique angle to the horizontal. 9. The system of claim 6, further comprising means for controlling the temperature of the air delivered into the tank. 10. The system of claim 6, comprising a closed system. 11. The system of claim 6, comprising an open system. 12. The system of claim 6, wherein the tank comprises a series of clear piping segments. 13. The system of claim 6, wherein the tank comprises one or more roof or wall panels of a building. 14. The system of claim 6, wherein the tank comprises a conduit, and wherein the water circulates continuously through the conduit from a low algae concentration end to a high algae concentration end, and is collected at the high algae concentration. 15. The system of claim 6, wherein the tank comprises a sound buffer wall along a transportation corridor. 16. The system of claim 6, wherein the tank comprises a roof or wall panel of a building. 17. The system of claim 6, wherein the tank overlies manmade infrastructure. 18. The system of claim 6, wherein the tank is floated on a body of water. 19. A method of reducing greenhouse gases in the earth's atmosphere, said method comprising covering at least a portion of a component of human infrastructure with a vessel containing water, growing algae in the water contained in the vessel, and delivering atmospheric air into the vessel. 20. A method of reducing global warming, said method comprising covering at least a portion of a component of human infrastructure with a vessel containing water, exposing the vessel to sunlight, and growing algae in the water contained in the vessel. 21. A method of producing biofuel, said method comprising covering at least a portion of a component of human infrastructure with a vessel containing water, growing algae in the water contained in the vessel, and processing the algae into biofuel. 22. A building system comprising: a container of algae-containing water, said container having at least one light-transmissive surface for generating algae growth within the water; a water collection subsystem for collecting water vapor formed from evaporation of the water; an air collection subsystem for collecting oxygen-rich air generated in the container; a processing subsystem for producing fuel from the algae; and a generator for producing power from the fuel. 