A retail display system includes a centralized hub and a local retail facility. The centralized hub includes a hub server that independently communicates with a local server at the retail facility. In turn, the retail facility includes a plurality of wireless monitors that communicate with its local server. In this manner, each monitor is capable of wirelessly receiving a bundle of display events from the hub server via the local server, each display event instructing certain monitors to display a particular image at a specific time. To limit its power consumption, each monitor includes a display capable of retaining an image in the absence of power, such as a bi-stable LCD, and is configured to activate either to scan and receive display event updates or to comply with the next scheduled display event. As a result of its limited power requirement, each monitor is powered primarily using ambient solar energy.
Claims 1. A display system, comprising: (a) a centralized hub, the centralized hub comprising a hub server, and (b) a local facility located remotely from the centralized hub, the local facility comprising, (i) a local server in communication with the hub server, and (ii) one or more display devices in communication with the local server, (iii) wherein each display device is configured to operate in compliance with one or more display events received by the local server, each display event requesting that a particular image file be displayed on one or more designated display devices at a specific moment in time, the information associated with each display event being stored in the hub server. 2. The display system as claimed in claim 1 wherein the information associated with each display event is input into the hub server using a hub control panel in electronic communication therewith. 3. The display system as claimed in claim 2 wherein a compilation of display events designated for the local facility is stored on the local server. 4. The display system as claimed in claim 4 further comprising a local control panel in electronic communication with the local server, the compilation of display events designed for the local facility being available for review and modification using the local control panel. 5. The display system as claimed in claim 1 wherein the one or more display devices communicate with the local server through a local network. 6. The display system as claimed in claim 5 wherein the local network is wireless network designed to operate in a mesh topology. 7. The display system as claimed in claim 6 wherein the local facility further comprises: (a) a network coordinator in direct communication with the local server, and (b) at least one wireless router in communication with the network coordinator. 8. The display system as claimed in claim 1 wherein each display device comprises: (a) a no-power image retention display for displaying an image in accordance with each display event designated for the display device, (b) electronics for regulating operation of the no-power image retention display in accordance with each display event designated for the display device, and (c) a power system for supplying power to the electronics. 9. The display system as claimed in claim 8 wherein each display device operates in either an active power mode or an inactive power mode. 10. The display system as claimed in claim 9 wherein each display device is normally disposed in its inactive power mode. 11. The display system as claimed in claim 10 wherein each display device temporarily switches to its active power mode to scan for display event updates designated for the display device. 12. The display system as claimed in claim 10 wherein each display device temporarily switches to its active power mode to modify the image displayed on the no-power image retention display in accordance with a scheduled display event for the display device. 13. The display system as claimed in claim 8 wherein the no-power image retention display for each display device is in the form of a bi-stable liquid crystal display (LCD). 14. The display system as claimed in claim 9 wherein the electronics for each display device comprises: (a) a central processing unit (CPU) for controlling the general operation of the display device, (b) a display driver electrically connecting the CPU to the no-power image retention display, the display driver regulating the image displayed by the no-power image retention display in response to display instructions received from the CPU, (c) a real time clock and calendar (RTCC) connected to the CPU for monitoring real time, (d) a wireless connector connected to the CPU for receiving information associated with display events designated for the display device, and (e) memory connected to the CPU for storing information associated with display events designated for the display device. 15. The display system as claimed in claim 9 wherein the power system for each display device comprises: (a) a primary power source, the primary power source comprising at least one solar cell, (b) a secondary power source, the secondary power source comprising at least one battery, and (c) a charging system connected to the primary and secondary power sources for harvesting energy produced thereby, the charging system continuously drawing power from the primary power source, the charging system drawing power from the secondary power source only if the measured stored power level falls beneath a predefined threshold. 16. The display system as claimed in claim 9 wherein each display device additionally comprises an outer housing for protecting selected components of the display device. 17. The display system as claimed in claim 16 wherein each display device additionally comprises an externally accessible pushbutton connected to the electronics for manually activating the display device from its inactive mode. 18. A display device adapted to receive one or more designated display events, each display event including data relating to the display of a particular image by the display device at a specified moment in time, the display device comprising: (a) a no-power image retention display for displaying an image in accordance with each display event, (b) electronics for regulating operation of the no-power image retention display in accordance with each display event, the electronics comprising, (i) a central processing unit (CPU) for controlling the general operation of the display device, (ii) a display driver electrically connecting the CPU to the no-power image retention display, the display driver regulating the image displayed by the no-power image retention display in response to display instructions received from the CPU, (iii) a real time clock and calendar (RTCC) connected to the CPU for monitoring real time, (iv) a wireless connector connected to the CPU for receiving information associated with display events designated for the display device, and (v) memory connected to the CPU for storing information associated with display events designated for the display device, and (c) a power system for supplying power to the display device. 19. The display device as claimed in claim 18 wherein the no-power image retention display is in the form of a bi-stable liquid crystal display (LCD). 20. The display device as claimed in claim 18 wherein the power system comprises: (a) a primary power source, the primary power source comprising at least one solar cell, (b) a secondary power source, the secondary power source comprising at least one battery, and (c) a charging system connected to the primary and secondary power sources for harvesting energy produced thereby, the charging system continuously drawing power from the primary power source, the charging system drawing power from the secondary power source only if the measured stored power level falls beneath a predefined threshold. 