A solar and wind power generator capable of tracking sunlight automatically is provided. The solar and wind power generator includes a base, a revolving column, a generator, a plurality of wind-collecting portions, a plurality of photovoltaic panels, and a secondary cell. The generator is disposed in the base. A wind-collecting element of each wind-collecting portion is coupled to the revolving column by a rotor brake. The revolving column is coupled to the generator. The wind-collecting elements, when driven by wind, rotate the revolving column so as for the generator to generate electric power. The photovoltaic panels are arranged on the wind-collecting elements to absorb sunlight and thereby generate electric power. Electric power generated by the generator and the photovoltaic panels is stored in the secondary cell. Inclination angles of the wind-collecting elements are adjustable by the rotor brakes, allowing the photovoltaic panels to face the sun and track sunlight automatically.
Claims 1. A solar and wind power generator capable of tracking sunlight automatically, comprising: a base having a receiving space; a revolving column rotatably coupled to the base; a generator coupled to the revolving column and provided in the receiving space; a plurality of wind-collecting portions, each comprising: a rotor brake having a fixed end and a movable end, the movable end being coupled to the revolving column; and a wind-collecting element coupled to the fixed end of the rotor brake, the wind-collecting element having an inclination angle adjustable by the rotor brake, and the wind-collecting element being rotatable by wind so as to drive the revolving column to rotate, thus driving the generator to generate electric power; a plurality of photovoltaic panels provided on the wind-collecting elements so as to absorb sunlight and thereby generate electric power; and a secondary cell provided in the receiving space and electrically connected to the generator and the photovoltaic panels so as to store electric power. 2. The solar and wind power generator of claim 1, wherein each said wind-collecting element has a windward side and a leeward side opposite the windward side, and the photovoltaic panels are provided on the windward sides. 3. The solar and wind power generator of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic panels are thin-film photovoltaic panels. 4. The solar and wind power generator of claim 1, further comprising a monitoring and controlling device comprising: a sensor for sensing a strength of the wind or an intensity of the sunlight so as to generate a sensing result; and a control unit provided in the receiving space and connected in electrical signal communication with the sensor and the rotor brakes so as to control the rotor brakes according to the sensing result, thereby adjusting the inclination angles of the wind-collecting elements. 5. The solar and wind power generator of claim 4, wherein the sensor is a wind sensor provided at a said wind-collecting portion. 6. The solar and wind power generator of claim 4, wherein the sensor is a photosensor provided at the base or at the revolving column. 7. The solar and wind power generator of claim 4, wherein the control unit executes steps of judging the sensing result and controlling the rotor brakes according to the sensing result, thereby adjusting the inclination angles of the wind-collecting elements to an optimal angle for wind power generation or an optimal angle for solar power generation. 