An exemplary system for energy optimization in photovoltaic generators comprises a plurality of primary photovoltaic generators, a plurality of secondary photovoltaic generators, and a plurality of inverters. The secondary photovoltaic generators each comprise a plurality of photovoltaic generator blocks. The inverters are configured to convert direct voltage/current into alternating voltage/current. A first switching system is operable to selectively couple outputs of the primary generators with inputs of the inverters. A second switching system is operable to selectively couple outputs of the generator blocks with the outputs of the secondary generators. A control system is operable to automatically control the first switching system and the second switching system. An exemplary method comprises operating the control system to automatically control the two switching systems to optimize power provided to the inverters. The control system is responsive to data that includes detected and calculated operational, environmental, and historical data.
Claims 1. A system for energy optimization in photovoltaic generators, the system comprising: (a) a plurality of primary photovoltaic generators, each of which comprises a respective assembly of photovoltaic panels of a first type and a respective output; (b) a plurality of inverters configured to convert direct voltage/current into alternating voltage/current, wherein each of the inverters has at least one input; (c) a first switching system arranged between the outputs of at least some of said primary photovoltaic generators and the inputs of said inverters; (d) a plurality of secondary photovoltaic generators, each of which includes a respective output and respective photovoltaic generator blocks, wherein said photovoltaic generator blocks comprise respective assemblies of photovoltaic panels of a second type, wherein each photovoltaic generator block of each second photovoltaic generator further comprises a respective output; (e) a second switching system arranged between the outputs of said photovoltaic generator blocks and the outputs of corresponding secondary photovoltaic generators of said secondary photovoltaic generators; and (f) a control system, wherein the control system comprises: (i) a first logic configured to automatically control said first switching system to selectively couple or decouple the outputs of said primary photovoltaic generators with the inputs of said inverters, and (ii) a second logic configured to automatically control said second switching system to selectively couple or decouple the outputs of one or more of said photovoltaic generator blocks with the output of their corresponding secondary photovoltaic generator to supply additional power to the inverters in accordance with the number of photovoltaic generator blocks coupled with the output of their corresponding secondary photovoltaic generator. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the output of each of said secondary photovoltaic generators is connected to the output of a corresponding one of said primary photovoltaic generators. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein each of said photovoltaic generator blocks is arranged to supply approximately between 0.1% and 10% of the maximum power acceptable by each of the inverters. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein each of said primary photovoltaic generators is configured to supply, in conditions of maximum radiation, a maximum output power that is equal to or less than the maximum power acceptable by each of the inverters. 5. The system of claim I wherein said control system further comprises at least one processing system configured to carry out said automatic control of said first and second switching systems depending on values of detected and/or measured operational parameters of the energy optimization system and/or of the assemblies of photovoltaic panels. 6. The system of claim 5, wherein the at least one processing system is further configured to carry out said automatic control of said first and second switching means depending on values of calculated operational parameters of the energy optimization system and/or of the assemblies of photovoltaic panels. 7. The system of claim 5, further comprising a series of sensors arranged in different elements of the system and configured to detect values of different operational parameters, wherein the sensors are in communication with said at least one processing system to supply the at least one processing system with said detected values of said different operational parameters. 8. The system of claim 5, wherein said operational parameters include at least one parameter selected from the group consisting of: temperature of a plant including said primary and secondary photovoltaic generators; temperature of each panels assembly; instantaneous irradiation; wind speed; voltages, currents, and powers of each of the inverters; voltages, currents, and powers of each of the primary and secondary photovoltaic generators; voltages, currents, and powers of each of the photovoltaic generator blocks; or a combination thereof. 9. The system of claim 5, further comprising a storage medium having historical data about operational parametersr of the system, wherein said at least one processing system is in communication with the storage medium, wherein the at least one processing system is further configured to carry out said automatic control of said first and second switching means also depending on said historical data. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein said historical data includes at least one historical data type selected from the group consisting of: annual irradiation curves at a resolution of one minute, annual hourly average temperatures and curves of maximum efficiency of each of the inverters, or a combination thereof. 11. A method for energy optimization in photovoltaic generators, the method comprising: (a) providing one or more primary photovoltaic generators, wherein each primary photovoltaic generator comprises an output and a respective assembly of photovoltaic panels of a first type; (b) providing one or more secondary photovoltaic generators, wherein each secondary photovoltaic generator comprises an output and a respective assembly of photovoltaic panels; (c) providing a plurality of inverters, wherein each of the inverters has at least one input and a maximum input power, wherein each of the inverters is configured to convert direct voltage/current into alternating voltage/current; (d) connecting the output of at least one of the one or more primary photovoltaic generators to the input of an inverter selected from the plurality of inverters to supply the selected inverter with base power; and (e) providing a fine adjustment of power supplied to the selected inverter, wherein the act of providing a fine adjustment comprises connecting the output of at least one of the one or more secondary photovoltaic generators to the input of the selected inverter to supply the selected inverter with additional power without reaching the maximum input power; wherein the act of connecting the output of the at least one of the one or more secondary photovoltaic generators to the input of the selected inverter is performed after the act of connecting the output of the at least one of the one or more primary photovoltaic generators to the input of the selected inverter. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein each of said one or more secondary photovoltaic generators comprises a plurality of photovoltaic generator blocks, wherein each of the photovoltaic generator blocks comprises respective assemblies of photovoltaic panels of a second type and respective outputs, wherein the act of providing a fine adjustment of power further comprises selectively and automatically connecting or disconnecting the output of one or more of said photovoltaic generator blocks to the output of the corresponding secondary photovoltaic generator to supply output power with a value dependent on the number of generator blocks connected to the output of the corresponding secondary photovoltaic generator. 13. The method of claim 12, further comprising one or both of: (a) disconnecting one or more of said additional photovoltaic generator blocks from the output of the corresponding secondary photovoltaic generator; or (b) disconnecting at least the output of said at least one of the one or more primary photovoltaic generators from the input of said selected inverter. 14. The method of claim 11, wherein the act of providing a fine adjustment of power supplied to the selected inverter is performed based at least in part on at least one of: (i) values of operational parameters of the one or more primary photovoltaic generators, (ii) values of operational parameters of the one or more secondary photovoltaic generators, or (iii) values of operational parameters of said assemblies of photovoltaic panels; said values being detected and/or measured and/or calculated, and/or depending on real historical data about said operational parameters and/or on theoretical data about forecasts of functioning and/or of environmental conditions. 15. The method of claim 14, further comprising pre-establishing a series of theoretical set points relating a theoretical power to supply, to be obtained by a specific number of the one or more primary and secondary photovoltaic generators and of additional generator blocks, to be connected to each of the inverters depending on theoretical radiation forecast data for the area where the photovoltaic generators are installed and on real historical data measured beforehand. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein the theoretical set points are pre-established also depending on said detected and/or measured and/or calculated operational parameters. 17. The method of claim 15, further comprising classifying said set points into selected ones of the following situational cases based at least in part on said theoretical data, historical data, and/or operational parameters: dawn, twilight, cloud cover, wind or snow, morning mist, low radiation, and maintenance tasks. 18. The method of claim 15, further comprising: (a) detecting a real approximation to one of said set points, wherein the real approximation to one of said set points is associated with the one or more primary photovoltaic generators or the one or more secondary photovoltaic generators; and (b) connecting the one or more primary photovoltaic generators or the one or more secondary photovoltaic generators associated with the one of said set points to at least one of the inverters to supply the at least one of the inverters with power, wherein the theoretical value of the power is given by the one of said set points. 19. The method of claim 15, further comprising compensating for differences between real power being supplied to each of the inverters and the theoretical power relating to an applied set point of the theoretical set points, by connecting or disconnecting one or more of said photovoltaic generator blocks. 