Mounting systems for mounting solar panels to a surface are disclosed and can include panel clamp assemblies and rail clamp assemblies. Panel clamp assemblies can comprise a panel clamp having a base and arms extending from edges of the base, the base having an aperture, a rail clamp having a central portion with an aperture and two flexible tabs extending from the central portion on opposing sides of the aperture and a fastener threaded through the apertures such that that flexible tabs contact a head of the fastener and the arms extend in an opposite direction from the flexible tabs. Rail clamp assemblies can comprise a base member having a bottom and two side walls, the bottom having at least one aperture and each side wall having an elongated aperture, two clamping members and a fastener, wherein the side walls of the base member are positioned such that the opening is of sufficient size to receive the rail.
Claims 1. A mounting system for mounting at least one solar panel to a surface, the mounting system comprising: a rail clamp assembly configured to clamp a panel rail to the surface, the rail clamp assembly comprising: a base member having a bottom and two side walls extending from opposing edges of the bottom, the side walls forming an opening between them, the bottom having at least one aperture therein and each side wall having an elongated aperture therein; two clamping members positioned opposite each other along an exterior surface of each side wall, each clamping member having at least one clamp portion extending from the clamping member substantially perpendicular to the side wall into the opening, each clamping member having an aperture therein; and a fastener extending through the clamping member apertures and the side wall elongated apertures, wherein the bottom of the base member is attachable to the surface, the rail is positionable in the opening, and the clamp portions are configured to contact the panel rail on opposing sides; and a panel clamp assembly configured to clamp a solar panel to the panel rail, the panel clamp assembly comprising: a panel clamp having a base and at least one arm extending from an edge of the base, the arm having a clamping end opposite the base, the base having an aperture therein; a rail clamp having a central portion with an aperture therein and two flexible tabs extending from the central portion on opposing sides of the aperture; and a fastener extending through the apertures in the central portion and the base such that that flexible tabs contact a head of the fastener and the at least one arm of the panel clamp extends in an opposite direction of the flexible tabs, wherein the head of the fastener and the flexible tabs are positionable within a channel of the panel rail and the clamping end is configured to secure an edge of the solar panel. 2. The mounting system of claim 1, wherein the rail clamp assembly and the panel clamp assembly are positionable individually or together at any point along the panel rail. 3. The mounting system of claim 2, wherein the panel rail comprises: a plurality of rails, each rail having three channels along its length; and at least one splice kit comprising two plates having at least two screws each, wherein adjacent rails are joined with one splice kit, the two plates positioned directly opposite each other in opposing channels and spanning a seam where adjacent rails are joined such that at least one screw contacts one of the adjacent rails and another of the at least one screw contacts the other of the adjacent rails. 4. The mounting system of claim 1, wherein the panel clamp has two arms extending from opposing edges of the base, the arms configured to each clamp an edge of adjacent solar panels. 5. The mounting system of claim 1, wherein the panel clamp assembly further comprises a deformable portion positioned between and in contact with the panel clamp and the rail clamp. 6. The mounting system of claim 1, wherein the central portion of the rail clamp has two step portions each at an opposing edge of the central portion, wherein a step of the step portion extends in a same direction as the flexible tabs. 7. The mounting system of claim 6, wherein the flexible tabs have a ledge facing away from the fastener, and wherein the flexible tabs extend beyond the step such that the ledge is a predetermined distance from the step portion located on a same side of the aperture. 8. The mounting system of claim 6, wherein the flexible tabs each have a ledge facing away from the fastener, and wherein the flexible tabs extend from the central portion such that the ledge is configured to contact a portion of the panel rail within the channel when the head of the fastener and the flexible tabs are positioned within the channel of the panel rail. 9. A rail clamp assembly configured to clamp a rail to a surface, the rail clamp assembly comprising: a base member having a bottom and two side walls extending from opposing edges of the bottom, the side walls forming an opening between them, the bottom having at least one aperture therein and each side wall having an elongated aperture therein; two clamping members positioned opposite each other along an exterior surface of the side walls, each clamping member having at least one clamp portion extending from the clamping member substantially perpendicular to the side wall into the opening, each clamping member having an aperture therein; and a fastener extending through the clamping member apertures and the side wall elongated apertures, wherein the side walls of the base member are positioned such that the opening is of sufficient size to receive the rail. 10. The rail clamp assembly of claim 9, wherein each clamping member has two clamp portions and each side wall has a center tab extending planar with the side wall between the two clamp portions. 11. The rail clamp assembly of claim 9, wherein the fastener is a nut and a bolt and the side walls are flexible and configured to reduce the size of the opening as the nut is tightened on the bolt. 12. A panel clamp assembly configured to clamp a solar panel to a rail system, the panel clamp assembly comprising: a panel clamp having a base and at least one arm extending from an edge of the base, the arm having a clamping end opposite the base, the base having an aperture therein; a rail clamp having a central portion with an aperture therein and two flexible tabs extending from the central portion on opposing sides of the aperture; and a fastener threaded through the apertures in the central portion and the base such that that flexible tabs contact a head of the fastener and the at least one arm extends in an opposite direction from the flexible tabs. 13. The panel clamp assembly of claim 12, wherein the panel clamp has two arms extending from opposing edges of the base, the arms configured to each clamp an edge of adjacent solar panels. 14. The panel clamp assembly of claim 12, further comprising a deformable portion positioned between and in contact with the panel clamp and the rail clamp. 15. The panel clamp assembly of claim 14, wherein the deformable portion is a foam material. 16. The panel clamp assembly of claim 12, wherein the central portion of the rail clamp has two step portions each at an opposing edge of the central portion, wherein a step of the step portion extends in a same direction as the flexible tabs. 17. The panel clamp assembly of claim 16, wherein the flexible tabs have a ledge facing away from the fastener, and wherein the flexible tabs extend beyond the step such that the ledge is a predetermined distance from the step portion located on a same side of the aperture. 18. The panel clamp assembly of claim 12, wherein the flexible tabs have a ledge facing away from the fastener, and wherein the flexible tabs extend from the central portion such that the ledge is a predetermined distance from a portion of the central portion located on a same side of the aperture. 19. The panel clamp assembly of claim 12, wherein the fastener is a nut and a bolt. 20. The panel clamp assembly of claim 12, wherein a head of the fastener and the flexible tabs are configured to be received in a channel within the rail and wherein the arm and clamping end of the panel clamp are configured to secure a solar panel to the rail. 