A portable outdoor fixture adapted to be supported by a beam of a shelter structure including a mounting assembly, an extension arm, and an appliance. The mounting assembly has an adjustment member operably coupled to a fixed base to permit clamping of the beam. The adjustment member is releaseably locked in position relative to the fixed base through interaction of a ratchet mechanism interposed between the adjustment member and the fixed base. The extension arm extends from the fixed base of the mounting assembly toward a coupling end. The appliance is disposed at the coupling end of the extension arm.
Claims 1. A portable outdoor fixture adapted to be supported by a beam of a shelter structure, comprising: a mounting assembly having an adjustment member operably coupled to a fixed base to permit clamping of the beam, the adjustment member releaseably locked in position relative to the fixed base through interaction of a ratchet mechanism interposed between the adjustment member and the fixed base; an extension arm extending from the fixed base of the mounting assembly toward a coupling end; and an appliance disposed at the coupling end of the extension arm. 2. The portable outdoor fixture of claim 1, wherein the ratchet mechanism is a resilient catch on the fixed base and a strip of protuberances on the adjustment member. 3. The portable outdoor fixture of claim 1, wherein the adjustment member and the fixed base are operably coupled to each other through cooperating rail structures, the rail structures permitting the adjustment member to telescopically slide into and out of the fixed base. 4. The portable outdoor fixture of claim 1, wherein the mounting assembly supports a solar panel and a rechargeable power source, the rechargeable power source in electrical communication with the solar panel and the appliance. 5. The portable outdoor fixture of claim 1, wherein the adjustment member and the fixed base form a beam channel configured to receive the beam. 6. The portable outdoor fixture of claim 5, wherein the beam channel is expanded or contracted by sliding the adjustment member relative to the base using mating rail structures. 7. The portable outdoor fixture of claim 1, wherein opposing abutment surfaces are configured to clamp the beam and a top surface of the adjustment member is configured to engage the beam. 8. The portable outdoor fixture of claim 1, wherein the extension arm includes an adjustment mechanism along a length thereof, the adjustment mechanism employed to increase or decrease the length of the extension arm to position the appliance further from or closer to the fixed base and to detach a section of the extension arm from another section of the extension arm. 9. The portable outdoor fixture of claim 1, wherein the coupling end is a universal coupling end including a ball joint and a socket. 10. The portable outdoor fixture of claim 1, further comprising a sensor for sensing a characteristic of an environment proximate the appliance, the sensor causing the appliance to experience a change in state when the characteristic or a lack of the characteristic is sensed. 11. The portable outdoor fixture of claim 1, wherein the appliance is an appliance selected from the group consisting of a light, a fan, a clock, a heater, and a combination light and fan. 12. The portable outdoor fixture of claim 1, wherein the appliance is operably coupled to the extension arm via universal coupling permitting the appliance to swivel relative to the extension arm. 13. A portable outdoor fixture configured to engage with a beam of a shelter structure, comprising: a mounting assembly configured to clamp opposing sides of the beam, the mounting assembly supporting a solar cell electrically coupled to a rechargeable power source; and an extension arm extending away from the mounting assembly toward a universal coupling end, the universal coupling end configured to receive a selected one of a plurality of differently operating types of appliances and to permit electrically coupling of the selected one to the rechargeable power source. 14. The portable outdoor fixture of claim 13, wherein a portion of the mounting assembly is configured to engage with a top surface of the beam and includes a horizontally slideable adjustment member. 15. The portable outdoor fixture of claim 13, wherein the mounting assembly includes a ratchet mechanism and mating rail structures. 16. A solar powered outdoor lighting fixture configured to engage with a beam of a shelter structure, comprising: a mounting assembly having an adjustment member and a fixed base slideably coupled together by cooperating rail structures and collectively defining a beam channel, the adjustment member horizontally slideable toward or away from the fixed base in discrete increments to decrease or increase, respectively, a width of the beam channel; a rechargeable power source supported by the mounting assembly; a solar panel supported by the mounting assembly and electrically coupled with the rechargeable power source; and an appliance spaced apart from the fixed base by an extension arm, the appliance powered by the rechargeable power source. 17. The solar powered outdoor lighting fixture of claim 16, wherein the appliance is a lamp formed from a plurality of light emitting diodes of at least one color. 18. The solar powered outdoor lighting fixture of claim 16, wherein the beam channel includes first, second and third surfaces, the first and third surfaces configured to clamp opposing sides of the beam and the second surface configured to rest upon a top surface of the beam. 19. The solar powered outdoor lighting fixture of claim 16, wherein the adjustment member is alternatively horizontally slideable to place the fixture in a clamped state, where two opposing sides of the beam channel engage with the beam, and to place the fixture in an unclamped state, where at least one of the two opposing sides of the beam channel is laterally spaced apart from the beam. 20. The solar powered outdoor lighting fixture of claim 16, further comprising a timer operably coupled to the appliance, the timer restricting operation of the appliance a predetermined amount of time. 