The production and use of semiconducting nanopost arrays made by nanofabrication is described herein. These nanopost arrays (NAPA) provide improved laser ionization yields and controllable fragmentation with switching or modulation capabilities for mass spectrometric detection and identification of samples deposited on them.
Claims 1. A process for making a nanopost array for mass spectrometry analysis of a sample comprising the steps of: generating by computer aided design a nanopost array mask pattern arrangement having a nanopost diameter of about 50 nm to about 800 nm and a periodicity of from about 100 nm to about 1600 nm; writing said mask pattern onto a substrate to produce processed areas that are covered with columnar structures having said diameter and said periodicity; and developing said columnar structures to produce columnar structures comprising a height of about 100 nm to about 2000 nm. 2. The process of claim 1, wherein said array adapted to be in cooperative association with a desorption laser having a specific wavelength. 3. The process of claim 1, wherein the columnar structures have a height of about 1000 nm to about 1400 nm, a diameter of from about 100 nm to about 300 nm. 4. The process of claim 1, wherein the columnar structures have a diameter of about 200 nm and a height to diameter ratio of about 6. 5. The process of claim 1, wherein the columnar structures have a diameter of about 100 nm and a height to diameter ratio of about 10. 6. The process of claim 1, wherein the columnar structures have a diameter of about 300 nm and a height to diameter ratio of about 4. 7. A nanopost array made by the process of claim 1. 8. A laser desorption ionization mass spectrometry system, comprising: i) a silicon nanopost array of claim 7 for holding surface deposited sample molecules without a matrix; ii) a pulsed laser for emitting unpolarized or plane polarized radiation at the posts and the sample molecules for desorption ionization; iii) focusing optics based on lenses, mirrors, or a sharpened optical fiber for directing the laser radiation at the posts and the target molecules; and iv) a mass spectrometer for analyzing and detecting the ions that are directly desorbed from the nanopost array. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein the sample molecules are selected from the group consisting of pharmaceuticals, dyes, explosives or explosive residues, narcotics, polymers, biomolecules, chemical warfare agents and their signatures, peptides, metabolites, lipids, oligosaccharides, proteins and other biomolecules, synthetic organics, drugs, and toxic chemicals. 10. The system of claim 8, wherein the samples are microorganisms selected from the group consisting of unicellular eukaryotes, prokaryotes and viruses. 11. A sensor device, comprising: the nanopost array of claim 7, wherein the nanopost array ion source is operatively connected to an input port of a mass spectrometer, said mass spectrometer is within an evacuated housing, is connected to a power source, and has an output port for transmitting a signal generated by the interaction of the sample with the nanopost array. 12. The sensor device of claim 11, wherein the sample is selected from the group consisting of pharmaceuticals, dyes, explosives or explosive residues, narcotics, polymers, biomolecules, chemical warfare agents and their signatures, peptides, metabolites, lipids, oligosaccharides, proteins and other biomolecules, synthetic organics, drugs, and toxic chemicals. 13. The sensor device of claim 11, wherein the samples are microorganisms selected from the group consisting of unicellular eukaryotes, prokaryotes and viruses. 14. The sensor device of claim 11, wherein the sensor device is connected to a microfluidic device used for the separation of components in mixtures. 15. The sensor device of claim 11, wherein the sensor device further comprises a microfluidic growth chamber for the growth of a microorganism. 16. A method for the direct chemical analysis of a nanopost-deposited sample by mass spectrometry, comprising the steps of: depositing the sample onto the silicon nanopost array of claim 6; subjecting a sample to laser desorption ionization using a photonic ion source; and analyzing the desorbed ions using mass spectrometry. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein the sample is selected from the group consisting of pharmaceuticals, dyes, explosives, narcotics, polymers, single cells, small cell populations, cell cultures, tissue samples, and biomolecules. 18. The method of claim 16, further comprising the step of controlling ion production and molecular fragmentation by varying laser radiation properties through changes in the angle of incidence and/or the plane of polarization. 19. A method for analysis of a forensic sample, comprising: depositing one or more forensic samples onto at least one nanopost array device within the system of claim 7; directly subjecting the sample to laser irradiation; and detecting the ions produced using mass spectrometry. 20. A method for monitoring the environment, comprising: depositing one or more environmental samples collected from an environment being tested onto at least one nanopost array device within the system of claim 7; directly subjecting the environmental sample without matrix to laser irradiation; and detecting the ions using mass spectrometry. 21. A method for analysis of a biomedical sample, comprising: depositing one or more biomedical samples onto at least one nanopost array device within the system of claim 7; directly subjecting the sample without matrix to laser irradiation; and detecting the ions using mass spectrometry. 22. A method for analysis of a synthetic organic sample, comprising: depositing one or more synthetic organic samples onto at least one nanopost array device within the system of claim 7; directly subjecting the sample without matrix to laser irradiation; and detecting the ions using mass spectrometry. 23. A method of harvesting solar energy, comprising: subjecting one or more nanopost arrays to solar radiation, wherein said nanopost arrays comprise nanoscale columnar structures having one or more electromagnetic radiation-capture coatings, wherein said solar radiation converts said one or more electromagnetic radiation-capture coatings into an electronically converted coating; and withdrawing electronic charge from said electronically converted coating on said nanopost array to supply an electric current. 