Wind-generated electric power is collected in a multiple nodal arrangement where the DC output current of each node can be held constant while the DC output node voltage is allowed to vary. The DC outputs from the wind-generated power collection nodes are connected together in series and fed to a plurality of regulated current source inverters via a high voltage DC transmission link. Each inverter converts input DC power into a three phase AC output. The AC outputs of the regulated current source inverters are connected to a phase shifting transformation network that supplies three phase electric power to a conventional AC electrical transmission system. Alternatively wind-generated and photovoltaic-generated electric power is commonly collected in a nodal arrangement and transported at high voltage DC to a plurality of regulated current source inverters for supply to the conventional AC electrical transmission system.
Claims 1. Apparatus for collecting at least one megawatt of wind-generated electric power and delivering the at least one megawatt of wind-generated power to an AC transmission network, the apparatus comprising: at least one high voltage DC source for generating the at least one megawatt of wind-generated electric power, the at least one high voltage DC source having a high voltage DC source output, the high voltage DC source output having an electric potential of at least 15 kilovolts; a high voltage DC power transmission link connected to the high voltage DC source output of the at least one high voltage DC source; and at least one DC to AC inverter having an inverter DC input and an inverter AC output, the inverter DC input connected to the high voltage DC source output of the at least one DC source via the high voltage DC power transmission link, and the inverter AC output for injection of the at least one megawatt of wind-generated electric power into the AC transmission network. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the at least one high voltage DC source comprises at least one wind turbine driven AC generator having a rectified DC output. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the at least one DC to AC inverter comprises at least one regulated current source inverter and the inverter AC output comprises a three phase AC output, the three phase AC output in voltage synchronization with the voltage of the AC transmission network, and each phase current of the three phase AC output having a stepped current waveform. 4. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the at least one high voltage DC source comprises a plurality of wind-generated power collection nodes, the output of each one of plurality of wind-generated power collection nodes connected to the input of a dedicated node isolated step-down current regulator. 5. The apparatus of claim 4 further comprising a series string high voltage DC series circuit formed from a serial interconnection of the outputs of all the dedicated node isolated step-down current regulators. 6. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the at least one DC to AC inverter comprises a plurality of regulated current source inverters and the inverter AC output of each of the plurality of regulated current source inverters comprises a three phase AC output, the three phase AC output in voltage synchronization with the voltage of the AC transmission network, and each phase current of the three phase AC output having a stepped current waveform, the apparatus further comprising a series string inverter DC input circuit formed from a serial interconnection of the inverter DC inputs of the plurality of regulated current source inverters. 7. The apparatus of claim 6 further comprising at least one phase shifting transformation network, each of the at least one phase shifting transformation networks connecting the inverter AC output of one or more of the plurality of regulated current source inverters to the AC transmission network. 8. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein each of the at least one phase shifting transformation networks comprises one or more transformers, each one of the one or more transformers comprising a plurality of secondary and primary phase shifting windings, the plurality of secondary phase shift windings connected to the inverter AC output of one or more of the plurality of regulated current source inverters, and the plurality of primary phase shifting windings connected to the AC transmission network. 9. The apparatus of claim 8 wherein the at least one high voltage DC source comprises at least one wind turbine driven AC generator having a rectified DC output. 10. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the at least one high voltage DC source comprises a plurality of wind-generated power collection nodes, the output of each one of plurality of wind-generated power collection nodes connected to the input of a dedicated node isolated step-down current regulator, the apparatus further comprising a series string high voltage DC series circuit formed from a serial interconnection of the outputs of all the dedicated node isolated step-down current regulators. 11. A method of collecting at least one megawatt of wind-generated DC electric power and delivering the at least one megawatt of wind-generated DC electric power to an AC transmission network, the method comprising the steps of: generating the at least one megawatt of wind-generated DC electric power from a plurality of wind-generated power collection nodes; individually step-down current regulating the output of each one of the plurality of wind-generated power collection nodes; forming an interconnected circuit of the individually step-down current regulated outputs of each one of the plurality of wind-generated power collection nodes with the electric potential across the interconnected circuit being at least 15 kilovolts; transporting the at least one megawatt of wind-generated DC electric power from the interconnected circuit to the inverter DC inputs of one or more DC to AC inverters; converting the at least one megawatt of wind-generated DC electric power to AC electric power in each one of the one or more DC to AC inverters to produce an inverter AC output current; and injecting the inverter AC output current from the one or more DC to AC inverters into the AC transmission network. 12. The method of claim 11 wherein the interconnected circuit is formed by serially interconnecting the individually step-down current regulated outputs of each one of the plurality of wind-generated power collection nodes to form a series string high voltage wind-generated DC electric power circuit. 13. The method of claim 12 further comprising the step of electrically isolating each one of the plurality of wind-generated power collection nodes from the series string high voltage wind-generated DC electric power circuit. 14. The method of claim 13 further comprising the step of serially interconnecting the inverter DC input circuits to form a series string inverter DC input circuit whereby the series string high voltage wind-generated DC electric power circuit is connected across the series string inverter DC input circuit to form a high voltage DC power loop circuit. 15. A method of delivering a megawatt quantity of DC electric power from a DC high voltage wind-generated electric power source to an AC transmission network, the method comprising the steps of: generating the megawatt quantity of wind-generated DC electric power from a plurality of wind-generated power collection nodes; individually step-down current regulating the output of each one of the plurality of wind-generated power collection nodes; forming an interconnected circuit of the individually step-down current regulated outputs of each one of the plurality of wind-generated power collection nodes with the electric potential across the interconnected circuit being at least 15 kilovolts; transporting the megawatt quantity of wind-generated DC electric power from the interconnected circuit to the inverter DC inputs of one or more DC to AC inverters; converting the megawatt quantity of wind-generated DC electric power to AC electric power in each one of the one or more DC to AC inverters to produce an inverter AC output current; and injecting the inverter AC output current from the one or more DC to AC inverters into the AC transmission network whereby the megawatt quantity of DC electric power is delivered to the AC transmission network. 16. The method of claim 15 wherein the interconnected circuit is formed by serially interconnecting the individually step-down current regulated outputs of each one of the plurality of wind-generated power collection nodes to form a series string high voltage wind-generated DC electric power circuit. 17. The method of claim 16 further comprising the step of electrically isolating each one of the plurality of wind-generated power collection nodes from the series string high voltage wind-generated DC electric power circuit. 18. The method of claim 17 further comprising the step of serially interconnecting the inverter DC input circuits to form a series string inverter DC input circuit whereby the series string high voltage wind-generated DC electric power circuit is connected across the series string inverter DC input circuit to form a high voltage DC power loop circuit. 19. Apparatus for collecting at least one megawatt quantity of DC electric power from a combination of solar photovoltaic power and wind-generated power, and delivering the at least one megawatt quantity of DC electric power to an AC transmission network, the apparatus comprising: a plurality of high voltage DC sources for generating the at least one megawatt quantity of DC electric power, the plurality of high voltage DC sources comprising a combination of at least one solar photovoltaic high voltage DC source and at least one wind-generated high voltage DC source, each of the plurality of high voltage DC sources having a high voltage DC source output, the high voltage DC source output having a voltage rating of at least 15 kilovolts; a high voltage DC power transmission link connected to the high voltage DC source outputs of the plurality of high voltage DC sources; and at least one DC to AC inverter having an inverter DC input and an inverter AC output, the inverter DC input connected to the high voltage DC source outputs of the plurality of high voltage DC sources via the high voltage DC power transmission link, and the inverter AC output for injection of the at least one megawatt quantity of wind-generated electric power into the AC transmission network. 20. The apparatus of claim 19 wherein each of the at least one solar photovoltaic high voltage DC sources comprises a plurality of solar photovoltaic modules interconnected in a series string circuit connected to the input of a step-up voltage regular, the combination of the plurality of interconnected solar photovoltaic modules and step-up voltage regulator comprising a solar photovoltaic power collectors, a plurality of solar photovoltaic power collectors forming a solar photovoltaic power collection node; each of the at least one wind-generated high-voltage DC sources comprises at least one wind turbine driven AC generator having a DC output, the at least one wind turbine driven AC generator having a DC output forming a wind-generated power collection node; the output of each one of the solar photovoltaic and wind-generated power collection nodes connected to the input of a dedicated node isolated step-down current regulator, the apparatus further comprising a series string high voltage DC series circuit formed from a serial interconnection of the outputs of all dedicated node isolated step-down current regulators. 21. A method of collecting at least one megawatt quantity of DC electric power from a combination of solar photovoltaic power and wind-generated power and delivering the at least one megawatt quantity of DC electric power to an AC transmission network, the method comprising the steps of: generating the at least one megawatt quantity of DC electric power from a combination of one or more solar photovoltaic power collection nodes and one or more wind-generated power collection nodes; individually step-down current regulating the output of each one of the one or more solar photovoltaic and wind-generated power collection nodes; forming an interconnected circuit of the individually step-down current regulated outputs of each one of the one or more solar photovoltaic and wind-generated power collection nodes with the electric potential across the interconnected circuit being at least 15 kilovolts; transporting the at least one megawatt quantity of solar photovoltaic and wind-generated DC power from the interconnected circuit to the inverter DC inputs of one or more DC to AC inverters; converting the at least one megawatt quantity of solar photovoltaic and wind-generated DC power to AC electric power in each one of the one or more DC to AC inverters to produce an inverter AC output current; and injecting the inverter AC output current from the one or more DC to AC inverters into the AC transmission network. 