A drivetrain for a plug-in hybrid vehicle which uses constant gear ratios, rather than any type of multi-gear transmission (traditional transmission gears or CVT) to power the driven wheels in order to increase drivetrain efficiency. A transmission is not a necessary drivetrain component for vehicles with an electric motor/generator (EMG). The EMG is the only mechanical power source until highway speeds are achieved. At that time, the driver may choose to activate and engage the small internal combustion engine (ICE) and the EMG is usually electrically disconnected so that it does not regeneratively charge the vehicle batteries using the power created by the ICE. Constant gear ratios may be achieved by a mechanical gearing system or by a belt drive system. This drivetrain is only for plug-in hybrid vehicles where the batteries are primarily charged by AC electrical outlet or solar (photovoltaic) cells.
Claims 1. A plug-in hybrid drivetrain for a vehicle comprising: an electric motor which may be capable of acting as a generator and operating in reverse a gearbox with a constant (non-variable) gear ratio for the electric motor which is always mechanically connected to both the electric motor and the driven wheels and which contains a constant-ratio gear mechanism including, but not limited to, a 10:1 helical worm gear assembly an internal combustion engine with its own electrical starter a belt drive or mechanical gears with a constant (non-variable) gear ratio for the internal combustion engine including, but not limited to, a 2.5:1 belt drive system two or more driven wheels a battery pack and one or more devices to charge the battery pack using electrical power from an AC electrical outlet and/or photovoltaic solar panels a digital motor controller/inverter which controls the electric motor efficiency, power, torque, rotational speed, and direction an electrical and/or mechanical actuator which engages the internal combustion engine to the driven wheels via simple engagement methods including, but not limited to: threaded/splined mechanical actuators, friction or mechanical/spring clutch(es), or an optical logic-controlled engagement device. a switch between the battery pack and the electric motor 2. The drivetrain of claim 1, wherein said electric motor and its gearbox are continuously mechanically connected to the rear wheels of a vehicle and the internal combustion engine and its belt drive or mechanical gears can be mechanically connected to or disconnected from the rear wheels of a vehicle. 3. The drivetrain of claim 1, wherein said electric motor and its gearbox are continuously mechanically connected to the front wheels of a vehicle and the internal combustion engine and its belt drive or mechanical gears can be mechanically connected to or disconnected from the front wheels of a vehicle. 4. The drivetrain of claim 1, wherein said electric motor and its gearbox are continuously mechanically connected to the front wheels of a vehicle and the internal combustion engine and its belt drive or mechanical gears can be mechanically connected to or disconnected from the rear wheels of a vehicle. 5. The drivetrain of claim 1, wherein said electric motor and its gearbox are continuously mechanically connected to the rear wheels of a vehicle and the internal combustion engine and its belt drive or mechanical gears can be mechanically connected to or disconnected from the front wheels of a vehicle. 6. A method for operating a drivetrain of a plug-in hybrid electric vehicle, wherein: the initial mode of operation is the "EM only" mode, whereby electrical power from the battery pack is converted to mechanical energy at the electric motor which then delivers power and torque through the constant-ratio gearbox to the driven wheels; and at sustained speeds above 40 mph, the driver is given the option to engage the "ICE only" mode, whereby the internal combustion engine (powered by gasoline, diesel, or natural gas) is started using a traditional electrical starter, then it increases its rotational speed until the rotational speed of the output shaft on the driven-wheel side of the belt drive or mechanical gears approximately matches the rotational speed of the driven wheels, then the electrical and/or mechanical actuator engages the internal combustion engine to the driven wheels, then opens the switch between the battery pack and the electric motor. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein during said "EM only" mode, the vehicle and drivetrain have an inherent degree of flexibility due to the digital controller of the electric motor which is common to traditional hybrid vehicles including: idle/neutral, forward to approximately 87 mph, reverse, and regenerative braking. 8. The method of claim 6, wherein during all modes, the vehicle and drivetrain are controlled via a combination of automatic controls and driver inputs. 9. The method of claim 6, wherein the electric motor may be temporarily re-engaged via closing the switch between the electric motor and the battery pack. The conditions where this may occur are: in the event that the battery pack is depleted to approximately 20% of its capacity (in kW-hr) and the vehicle is traveling at speeds greater than approximately 40 mph and in the "ICE only" mode, the electric motor may be re-engaged utilizing the generator function of the electric motor to capture a small amount of kinetic energy generated from the internal combustion engine, in order to prevent damage to the battery pack; in the event that the vehicle is traveling in a forward direction at speeds greater than approximately 40 mph but less than approximately 85 mph and in the "ICE only" mode and the accelerator pedal is more than approximately 95% engaged, the electric motor may be temporarily re-engaged in order to provide a significant increase of power and torque to the driven wheels in the event that the vehicle is traveling in a forward direction at speeds greater than approximately 40 mph but less than approximately 85 mph and in the "ICE only" mode and the accelerator pedal is fully disengaged and the brake pedal is applied or the vehicle speed is increasing or remaining constant (downhill) and the battery pack is depleted to approximately 90% or less of its capacity (in kW-hr), the electric motor may be temporarily re-engaged in order to utilize the generator function of the electric motor to capture the kinetic energy otherwise lost due to braking or traveling downhill in the event that the vehicle is traveling in a forward direction at speeds greater than approximately 40 mph but less than approximately 85 mph and in the "ICE only" mode and the vehicle has an "AWD" mode option available as in the drivetrains shown in FIGS. 3 through 6, and the driver has selected the "AWD" mode, the electric motor may be re-engaged in order to provide a significant increase of power and torque to the 4 driven wheels 10. The method of claim 6, wherein the generator function of the electric motor is not allowed to function until the battery pack has been depleted to approximately 90% or less of its capacity (in kW-hr) in order to prevent damage to the battery pack due to over-charging. 