A torque arm assembly, used with a solar collector mounted to a drive shaft, comprises a torque arm with first and second ends and a torque arm coupling assembly including a drive shaft enclosure defining an open-ended channel sized to house the drive shaft. The channel has a circumferentially extending substantially continuous drive surface between the ends that lies adjacent to the drive shaft so the drive shaft and the drive shaft enclosure rotate together. In some examples contiguous abutment structure, such as weld lines, shims and/or adhesive, connects each side of the drive shaft to the drive shaft enclosure. The invention may also be carried out as a connection improvement method.
Claims 1. A torque arm assembly, for use with a solar collector installation of the type comprising a solar collector mounted to a drive shaft which has sides defining an outer surface, the torque arm assembly comprising: a torque arm having first and second ends; and a torque arm coupling assembly comprising: a first part; a second part securable to the first part to define a drive shaft enclosure, the drive shaft enclosure secured to the first end of the torque arm; and the drive shaft enclosure defining an open-ended channel sized to house the drive shaft, the channel having first and second open ends with a circumferentially extending substantially continuous drive surface therebetween, the drive surface sized and shaped to lie adjacent to the outer surface of the drive shaft so the drive shaft and the drive shaft enclosure rotate together. 2. The assembly according to claim 1, wherein the second part is securable to the first part by threaded fasteners. 3. The assembly according to claim 1, wherein the first part is a generally flat plate and the second part comprises a U-bracket having a U-cross-sectional shape. 4. The assembly according to claim 1, wherein the drive shaft and the drive shaft enclosure are coupled by biasing portions of the circumferentially extending substantially continuous drive surface surrounding the drive shaft against adjacent sides of the drive shaft. 5. The assembly according to claim 1, further comprising a contiguous abutment structure connecting each side of the drive shaft to the drive shaft enclosure. 6. The assembly according to claim 5, wherein the contiguous abutment structure comprises weld lines placed along portions of the drive shaft enclosure and the drive shaft. 7. The assembly according to claim 5, wherein the contiguous abutment structure comprises shims located between the drive shaft enclosure and the drive shaft. 8. The assembly according to claim 5, wherein the contiguous abutment structure comprises an adhesive located between the drive shaft enclosure and a drive shaft. 9. The assembly according to claim 1, wherein the open-ended channel has a square cross-sectional shape sized to accept a tubular drive shaft having a slightly smaller square cross-sectional shape to provide a sliding fit therebetween. 10. The assembly according to claim 1, wherein the channel is a rectangular channel having a length and a first and second transverse dimensions, the length being greater than each of the first and second transverse dimensions. 11. The assembly according to claim 1, wherein the second part comprises a U-bracket having a U-shaped central portion and U-shaped end portions, the U-shaped end portions being thicker than the U-shaped central portion to provide additional strength at the end portions. 12. A torque drive assembly, for use as a part of a solar collector assembly of the type comprising a solar collector, the torque drive assembly comprising: a drive shaft to which the solar collector is secured, which has sides defining an outer surface, a torque arm having first and second ends; and a torque arm coupling assembly comprising: a first part; a second part securable to the first part to define a drive shaft enclosure, the drive shaft enclosure secured to the first end of the torque arm; the drive shaft enclosure defining an open-ended channel sized to house the drive shaft, the channel having first and second open ends with a circumferentially extending substantially continuous drive surface therebetween, the drive surface sized and shaped to lie adjacent to the outer surface of the drive shaft and fixedly connected to the drive shaft so that the drive shaft and the drive shaft enclosure rotate together. 13. The assembly according to claim 12, wherein the drive shaft and the drive shaft enclosure are fixedly connected by biasing portions of the circumferentially extending substantially continuous drive surface towards adjacent sides of the drive shaft. 14. The assembly according to claim 12, further comprising a contiguous abutment structure connecting each side of the drive shaft to the drive shaft enclosure. 15. The assembly according to claim 14, wherein the contiguous abutment structure comprises welds joining the drive shaft enclosure to the drive shaft. 16. The assembly according to claim 14, wherein the contiguous abutment structure comprises shims located between the drive shaft enclosure and the drive shaft. 17. The assembly according to claim 14, wherein the contiguous abutment structure comprises an adhesive located between the drive shaft enclosure and the drive shaft. 18. A method, for use with a solar collector installation of the type comprising a solar collector mounted to a drive shaft, the drive shaft having an outer surface, a torque arm having a first end and a second end and a mounting plate at the first end securable to the drive shaft by removable mounting hardware, the method improving the connection between the mounting plate and the drive shaft, the method comprising: removing any mounting hardware connecting the mounting plate to the drive shaft; placing a U-bracket over the drive shaft in alignment with the mounting plate so the U-bracket and mounting plate define a drive shaft enclosure, the drive shaft enclosure defining an open-ended channel sized to house the drive shaft, the channel having first and second open ends with a circumferentially extending substantially continuous drive surface therebetween, the drive surface sized and shaped to lie adjacent to the outer surface of the drive shaft; securing the U-bracket to the mounting plate; and providing contiguous abutment structure connecting the drive shaft enclosure and each side of the drive shaft. 19. The method according to claim 18, wherein the securing step is carried out by securing the U-bracket to the mounting plate using a plurality of threaded fasteners thereby biasing portions of the circumferentially extending substantially continuous drive surface on opposite sides of the drive shaft against opposite sides of the drive shaft. 20. The method according to claim 18, wherein the providing continuous abutment structure step comprises welding the drive shaft enclosure to the drive shaft. 