A protective covering helps to prevent fastener leaks from roof installed fasteners, which are used to mount roofing systems, such as a solar panel installation system, to roofs with a mounting bracket attached to the roof. The protective covering is a portion of flat, malleable waterproof material molded to form a cover, forming a triangular-shaped structure when viewed from the side. The triangular shaped structure includes a base and a hypotenuse portion where the line of the roof acts as a side which is covered by at least the hypotenuse portion. The hypotenuse portion meets the roof at an angle. The covering is adapted for insertion under portions of a roof shingle, and extends back in a slight rise (downwardly with respect to the roof) to cover the fastener and L-shaped bracket, which the fastener fastens to the roof.
Claims 1. A protective covering for a roof-mounted system that is attached with a mounting bracket attached to a roof using fasteners, comprising: a portion of flat, malleable waterproof material molded to form a cover comprising a triangular-shaped structure when viewed from the side, the triangular shaped structure including a base and a hypotenuse where the line of the roof acts as a side which is covered by at least the hypotenuse, said hypotenuse meeting the roof at an angle, adapted for insertion under a roof shingle, and extending back in a slight rise, downwardly with respect to the roof, to cover the fastener and L-shaped bracket which the fastener fastens to the roof. 2. In combination, an L-shaped bracket, a fastener for fastening the L-shaped bracket to the roof, and a protective covering as set forth in claim 1. 3. A photovoltaic PV racking system for mounting on a roof, including the combination of claim 2. 4. A roof mounting system comprising: a sloped roof having an outer layer of overlapping shingles; a bracket assembly for supporting a member above said shingles; said bracket assembly having a fastener attached to said roof through a first of said shingles for securing said bracket assembly to said roof; a second shingle overlapping a rear edge of said first shingle; a protective cover extending from a front edge of said second shingle and covering said fastener; said protective cover having side flanges extending under shingles adjacent side edges of said first shingle shielding said fastener from water seepage; and means attached to and extending out from said bracket assembly past a leading edge of said protective cover for supporting said member. 5. The system of claim 4 in which said protected cover has flap extending down from a distal edge of said protective cover forming a drip edge for providing further shielding of said fastener. 6. The system of claim 5 in which said protective cover comprises a flat top surface with front, rear, and side edges, a pair of triangular shaped side walls extending down from said side edges of said protective cover from the rear edge of said flat top surface with an apex of each side wall at said rear edge of said flat top surface, and said pair of flanges extending out from bottom edges of said side walls. 7. The system of claim 6 having sealant on said first shingle along a front edge of said second shingle for preventing water seepage under said protective cover. 8. The system of claim 7 in which multiple bracket assemblies are mounted on more than one shingle to support said member. 9. The system of claim 8 in which said fastener is a lag bolt. 10. The system of claim 7 in which said protective cover is of one piece construction. 11. The system of claim 1 in which said member is a solar panel. 12. A roof mounting system comprising: a sloped roof having an outer layer of overlapping shingles; a bracket assembly for supporting a member above said shingles; said bracket assembly having a fastener attached to said roof through a first of said shingles for securing said bracket assembly to said roof; a second shingle overlapping a rear edge of said first shingle; a protective cover extending from a front edge of said second shingle and covering said fastener; said protective cover having a flange extending under shingles adjacent side edges of said first shingle and under said second shingle for shielding said fastener from water seepage; and means attached to and extending out from said bracket assembly past a leading edge of said protective cover for supporting said member. (embodiment of FIGS. 6-8) 13. The system of claim 12 in which said protective cover is of one piece construction. 14. The system of claim 11 in which said member is a solar panel. 15. A roof mounted solar panel system comprising: a sloped roof having an outer layer of overlapping shingles; a bracket assembly for supporting a solar panel above said shingles; said bracket assembly attached to said roof through a first of said shingles; said bracket assembly comprising an L-shaped member with a first leg of said L-shaped member flush against an upper surface of said first shingle; a fastener extending through said first leg and said first shingle for securing said bracket assembly to said roof; a protective cover of single piece construction having a flat top surface with front, rear, and side edges, a pair of triangular shaped side walls extending down from said side edges from the rear edge of said flat top surface with an apex of each side wall at said rear edge of said flat top surface, and a pair of flanges extending out from bottom edges of said side walls; the rear edge of said flat top surface resting on the top surface of said first shingle adjacent an edge of a second, uphill shingle overlapping a rear, upper portion of said first shingle whereby said flat top surface slopes downwardly and away from the upper surface of said first shingle; said flanges extending under shingles adjacent side edges of said first shingle; the flat top surface of said protective cover extending over said leg of said L-shaped bracket assembly covering said fastener and preventing water seepage on an about said fastener; and a mounting bar attached to and extending out from a second leg of said L-shaped bracket past a leading edge of said flat top surface for supporting said solar panel. 