In one preferred embodiment, the present invention includes a self-standing public restroom facility requiring only sewer and water at the installation site. The facility is a functional, low-cost, easy-to-maintain, low-power-consumer, safe, accessible public restroom facility available to all citizens of a modern society, whether such citizens be tourists, business-persons, transients, home-less, able-bodied or physically challenged. The facility comprises a plurality of wall panels that bolt to a slab and to each other to enable rapid, low cost, off-site, modular construction and easy assembly on-site.
Claims 1. A stand-alone public restroom facility for a site providing a sewer and a water supply, the facility comprising: a plurality of wall segments wherein each wall segment comprises a louvered top panel, a solid intermediate panel, a louvered bottom panel, and a structural frame system, the plurality of wall segments cooperating to enclose a space; a roof structure supported by at least one of the plurality of wall segments, the roof structure covering the enclosed space and the roof structure further comprising at least one solar-photovoltaic panel in communication with an energy storage device, the energy storage device further communicating with one LED light fixture, the LED light fixture being in communication with a sensor system whereby occupancy of the enclosure by a user is indicated by one color of the LED light fixture, and availability of the enclosure being indicated by a second color of the LED light fixture, and a light-sensor to control interior illumination of the enclosure based on a first pre-set condition; a toilet disposed within the enclosure in fluid communication with the sewer and the water supply; a hand-wash station mounted on an exterior portion of one of the plurality of wall panels, the hand-wash facility in fluid communication with the water supply and a drain. 2. The facility of claim 1 further comprising: a service enclosure comprising a lockable door member and adapted to enclose the energy storage device and further providing means for connecting the toilet and the hand-wash facility to the sewer and water supply. 3. The facility of claim 1 wherein the site further includes a concrete slab, the facility further comprising: a means for attaching at least one wall panel at the structural frame system to the slab wherein the lower louvered panel is suspended above the slab by a predetermined distance. 4. The facility of claim 1 wherein the roof structure further comprises: an opaque sky-light window adapted to illuminate the enclosed interior space during daylight hours. 5. The facility of claim 1 further comprising: a use-door adapted to enable a user to access the enclosure, the use-door further comprising a locking means and a panel adapted to display art or advertising. 6. The facility of claim 1 wherein the upper and lowered louvered panels respectively of each of the plurality of wall panels further comprise: angled louvers adapted to promote privacy for the user yet enable law-enforcement to monitor the interior enclosure. 7. The facility of claim 1 wherein the hand-wash station further comprises: a push-button adapted to start the flow of the water supply for a predetermined duration. 8. The facility of claim 1 wherein at least one of the plurality of wall panels further comprises: an interior side further adapted to include at least one ADA-approved grab-bar. 9. A wall panel system for a public restroom comprising: a first wall panel comprising a top louvered panel coupled to an intermediate solid panel coupled to a lower louvered panel; a first supporting post arranged adjacent to the first wall panel and coupled to at least any one of the top louvered panel, the intermediate solid panel or the lower louvered panel; and a second wall panel arranged adjacent to and coupled to the first supporting post, the first supporting post being disposed intermediate to the first and second wall panel. 10. The wall panel system of claim 9 wherein: the first wall panel further comprises a generally planar wall panel. 11. The wall panel system of claim 9 wherein: the second wall panel further comprises a generally curvilinear wall panel. 12. The wall panel system of claim 9 wherein: the second wall panel further comprises a generally planar wall panel. 13. The wall panel system of claim 9 wherein: the second wall panel further comprises a top louvered panel coupled to an intermediate panel coupled to a lower louvered panel. 14. The wall panel system of claim 9 further comprising: a second supporting post coupled to the first wall panel; and a third supporting post coupled to the second wall panel. 15. A method for providing a public restroom wherein a fresh water supply line and a sewer line are provided to a site, the method comprising: providing a wall panel system comprising at least a first wall panel comprising a top louvered panel coupled to an intermediate solid panel coupled to a lower louvered panel; a first supporting post arranged adjacent to the first wall panel and coupled to at least any one of the top louvered panel, the intermediate solid panel or the lower louvered panel; and a second wall panel arranged adjacent to and coupled to the first supporting post, the first supporting post being disposed intermediate to the first and second wall panel; enclosing a space with the wall panel system; providing a roof structure adapted to support a solar panel; supporting the roof structure on the wall panel system; providing a toilet within the enclosed space; providing a hand-washing faucet outside the enclosed space; connecting the toilet to the fresh water supply and to the sewer; and connecting the hand-washing faucet to the fresh water supply. 16. The method of claim 15 further comprising: providing a controller; providing a solar panel; providing a LED light with a first mode and a second mode; providing a sensor adapted to sense a person inside the enclosed space; providing an energy storage system; providing electrical coupling between the controller, the solar panel, the LED light, the sensor, and the energy storage system; and mounting the LED light to the exterior of the wall panel system; mounting the solar panel to the roof structure. 17. The method of claim 16 further comprising: enabling the controller to determine the presence of a person in the enclosed space by receiving a signal from the sensor; enabling the controller to activate a first mode of the LED to indicate that the enclosed space is occupied; and enabling the controller to activate a second mode of the LED to indicate that the enclosed space is unoccupied when the controller receives a second signal from the sensor. 18. The method of claim 15 further comprising: providing a concrete slab with a drain for the exterior faucet and plumbing lines for coupling to the toilette to the fresh water supply and the sewer; coupling the wall panel system to the concrete slab. 