Different types of energy storage systems are described, in particular hydro-pneumatic storage systems. In one, energy is stored by compressing gas in a chamber (44,45,54,55) with a liquid piston and released by gas expansion. A spray head or grid at the top of the chamber (44,45,54,55) supplies liquid as a shower through the gas being compressed or expanding in the cylinder (11,12) to maintain an isothermal condition. In another, energy is stored from an array of solar cells connected to an array of supercapacitors forming an auxiliary storage, and a main energy storage device such as a hydro-pneumatic storage system, for supply to an AC or DC network. The efficiency is improved by connecting the solar cells via the array of supercapacitors to the AC or DC network. An immersed hydro-pneumatic storage device for off-shore/on-shore power generation systems comprises a cylinder that is immersed in a liquid mass, wherein energy is stored by compressing gas with a liquid piston and energy is released by gas expansion. The mass of liquid maintains an isothermal condition in the cylinder during compression and expansion.
Claims 1-8. (canceled) 9. An energy storage device wherein energy from an array of solar cells is storable in a main storage, in particular a hydro-pneumatic storage or any other main energy storage means such as a battery or a flywheel, and in an auxiliary storage comprising an array of supercapacitors, wherein the main and auxiliary storages are alternately operable in first and second charging sequences, wherein in the first charging sequence the main storage is disconnected from the solar cells and the array of supercapacitors is charged from the array of solar cells, and in the second charging sequence the main storage is connected to be charged by the array of solar cells while the array of supercapacitors discharges, the main storage and auxiliary storages being connectable to an AC or DC network, characterized in that the array of solar cells is connected via the array of supercapacitors to the AC or DC network. 10. The energy storage device of claim 9 wherein the array of supercapacitors is connected to the AC or DC network, and to the main storage, directly or via a DC/DC converter. 11. The energy storage device of claim 9 wherein the supercapacitors are connected in parallel to the array of solar cells via a diode to prevent any reverse current into the solar cells. 12. The energy storage device of claim 11 wherein the voltage across the array of solar cells is defined by the voltage across the array of supercapacitors and wherein, according to the voltage/current characteristics of the solar cells for given sunning conditions, the response of the solar cells to the voltage defined by the supercapacitors is a current that circulates through the diode and that is distributed to the supercapacitors and to the main storage device depending on whether the storage devices are operating in the first or the second charging sequence. 13. The energy storage device of claim 9 wherein when the main storage is disconnected in the first charging sequence, the voltage across the supercapacitors increases and energy flows only from the solar cells to the supercapacitors. 14. The energy storage device of claim 9 wherein when the main storage is connected in the second charging sequence, the voltage across the supercapacitors decreases and energy fluxes from the solar cells and from the supercapacitors converge to the main storage. 15. The energy storage device of claim 9 wherein switching between the first and second charging sequences is triggered by monitoring the voltage across the supercapacitors. 16. The energy storage device of claim 15 wherein the first sequence is enabled when the voltage of the superconductors decreases below a minimum value (U.sub.scap).sub.min and the second sequence is enabled when the when the voltage of the supercapacitors reaches a maximum value (U.sub.scap).sub.max. 17. The energy storage device of claim 16 wherein the variation of power extracted from the solar cells is defined by the range of voltage variation across the supercapacitors (U.sub.scap).sub.min and (U.sub.scap).sub.max as defined in claim 16. 18. The energy storage device of claim 16 wherein said minimum and maximum voltages (U.sub.scap).sub.min and (U.sub.scap).sub.max are adjusted in order to keep the solar cells near a Maximum Power Point Tracking condition (MPPT), in particular by setting (U.sub.scap).sub.max to follow the solar cells voltage that defines the maximum of power delivered by the solar cells, as a function of sunning conditions, to define a system where the supercapacitors directly connected to the solar cells enable MPPT on the solar cells without an additional power converter. 19. An immersed hydro-pneumatic energy storage device, comprising a cylinder (5a,b,c) that is immersed in a liquid mass, wherein energy is stored by compressing gas (6a,b,c) in the cylinder with a liquid piston (7a,b,c) and energy is released by gas expansion acting on the liquid piston, and wherein the mass of liquid (8) in which the cylinder is immersed maintains an essentially isothermal condition in the cylinder during compression and expansion of the gas. 20. The hydro-pneumatic energy storage device of claim 19 wherein energy is stored by injecting liquid from said liquid mass (8) in the cylinder to compress the trapped amount of gas in the cylinder (5a,b,c), and energy is restored by expanding the trapped gas (6a,b,c) to drive out the liquid (7a,b,c) from the cylinder to power a hydraulic machine. 21. The hydro-pneumatic energy storage device of claim 19 wherein a plurality of cylinders (5a,b,c) are held in parallel array as a unit by a mass of ballast (9) which is preferably located at the top of the cylinders and optionally also serves as a servicing platform. 22. The hydro-pneumatic energy storage device of claim 19, wherein the cylinder(s) (5a,b,c) is/are immersed in the sea, an ocean, a lake, a water reservoir or a river. 23. The hydro-pneumatic energy storage device of claim 19 wherein flow of water in or out of the cylinders (5a,b,c) is produced or converted either directly with a water-hydraulic machine (FIGS. 3-4, 3-6, 3-7) or indirectly with an oil-hydraulic machine through an interface cylinder (20, FIG. 3-3) that serves for separating liquids, power transmission and pressure adaptation. 24. A power generation and storage system comprising a power source (1,18), the hydro-pneumatic energy storage device (5) of claim 19, and an electrical, mechanical and/or hydraulic interface between the power source (1,18) and the hydro-pneumatic energy storage device (5). 25. A power generation and storage system according to claim 24, which is an off-shore/on-shore power generation and storage system where the hydro-pneumatic energy storage device is used to smooth or level fluctuating power from windmills (1) and/or photovoltaic panels (18) and wherein immersion of the device reduces land occupancy and visual impact. 26. The power generation and storage system of claim 24 wherein hydraulic power released by the energy storage device (5) is coupled to the mechanical power of windmills (1) through an electrical link (FIGS. 3-3 and 3-4) which eases the on-site integration of a photovoltaic source comprising PV panels (18) and improves quality of the power injection into the electric grid, wherein the mechanical power of the windmills (1) is converted into electrical power by a generator (2); hydraulic power of the energy storage device (5) is converted into electrical power by a conversion chain (20,4,3); and a set of power electronics converters (13, 14, 15, 16) is connected on a common DC bus to integrate and manage the flow, shape (AC, DC) and level of various electrical powers from the windmills (1) and PV panels (18), from/to the energy storage device (5) and into the electric grid. 27. The power generation and storage system of claim 24 wherein hydraulic power released by the energy storage device (5) is coupled to the mechanical power of windmills (1) through a mechanical link (FIGS. 3-5 and 3-6) which allows direct exploitation of the primary mechanical power and simplifies the conversion chain, wherein mechanical power of the windmills (1) is directly converted into electrical power for the grid by a generator (2) and into hydraulic power for the energy storage device (5) by a hydraulic machine (3, 20), which is controlled to regulate the speed of all rotating parts; and optionally comprising a set of power electronics converters (13, 14,) to improve the quality of the generated electrical power injected in the grid. 28. The power generation and storage system of claim 24 wherein the hydraulic power released by the energy storage device (5) is coupled to the mechanical power of windmills (1) through a hydraulic link (FIGS. 3-7) which simplifies the conversion chain and avoids the use of reversible machines, wherein the mechanical power of the windmills (1) is converted into hydraulic power by a water-hydraulic pump (4) and the average value of this hydraulic power, which is obtained by the damping action of the energy storage device (5), is converted into electrical power by a hydraulic motor/generator (3,2); and optionally comprising a set of power electronics converters (13, 14) to improve the quality of the generated electrical power injected in the grid. 