A photovolataic cell powered by artificial lights, wherein photovoltaic cell and artificial lights use a light guide to distribute light onto the photovoltaic cell while maintaining an overall compact shape.
Claims 1. An apparatus for producing electricity, the apparatus comprising: a photovoltaic panel comprising at least one photovoltaic cell having an associated optimal wave length, an artificial light source producing a light having the optimal wave length, a light guide having a first surface, a second surface, and an edge, wherein the light guide is attached to the photovoltaic panel and wherein the first surface of the light guide is proximate to the at least on photovoltaic cell, and wherein the artificial light emits the light into the light guide and the light guide directs the light to the photovoltaic cell. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the artificial light source is attached to the edge of the light guide and wherein the light is emitted from the first surface of the light guide. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the length of the apparatus is greater than ten times the thickness of the apparatus. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the artificial light source is a light emitting diode. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising an external power supply, wherein the external power supply provides electricity to the artificial light source. 6. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein the external power supply is a battery. 7. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein a power output from the photovoltaic panel exceeds a power applied to the artificial light source. 8. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a second photovoltaic panel, wherein the second photovoltaic panel is proximately located with the second surface of the light guide. 9. An apparatus for generating electricity, the apparatus comprising: a photovoltaic panel comprising a photovoltaic cell having an associated optimal wavelength, a plurality of light emitting diodes attached to a light guide, wherein the light emitting diodes produce a light having the optimal wavelength, wherein the light guide is attached to the photovoltaic panel, the light guide directs light from the plurality of light emitting diodes to the photovoltaic cell, and an external power supply providing an external power to the plurality of light emitting diodes, wherein the power produced by the photovoltaic panel is greater than the power produced by the external power supply. 10. The apparatus of claim 9, further comprising an inverter, wherein the inverter transforms a portion the power produced by the photovoltaic panel into alternating-current electricity. 11. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein there is no gap between the light guide and the photovoltaic panel. 12. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein the largest linear dimension of the apparatus is more than ten times the smallest linear dimension. 13. The apparatus of claim 9, further comprising a second photovoltaic panel, wherein the light guide is located between the photovoltaic panels. 14. The apparatus of claim 9, further comprising a circuit, wherein the circuit transfers electricity from the photovoltaic panel to the plurality of light emitting diodes, and a control module, wherein the control module stops the power from the external power source when the electricity from the photovoltaic panel is sufficient to power the light emitting diodes. 15. A method for providing electricity, the method comprising: creating a power unit comprising an artificial light source, a light guide, and a photovoltaic panel, wherein the artificial light source is attached to the light guide and wherein the light guide is attached to the photovoltaic panel, providing an initial electrical current to the artificial light source, directing a light output from the artificial light source through the light guide to the photovoltaic panel, causing the photovoltaic panel to produce an output electrical current, using a portion of the output electrical current to provide power to the artificial light source, and removing the initial electrical current from the artificial light source after the output electrical current exceeds the initial electrical current. 16. The method of claim 15, further comprising a second voltaic panel, wherein the light guide directs light to the voltaic panel and the second voltaic panel. 17. The method of claim 15, wherein the artificial light source is a light emitting diode. 18. The method of claim 15, wherein the combined height of the photovoltaic panel and the light guide is less than three inches. 19. The method of claim 15, further comprising a plurality of power units, wherein the output electrical current from the plurality of power units is combined. 20. The method of claim 15, wherein the photovoltaic panel has an associated optimal wavelength, and wherein the light output from the artificial light source matches the optimal wavelength. 21. A method for producing electricity comprising: attaching a light guide to a photovoltaic panel; using the light guide to direct light from an infrared light source to the photovoltaic panel, causing the photovoltaic panel to produce an electric current; conducting a first portion of the electric current to the infrared light source, wherein the first portion of the electric current is sufficient to power the infrared light source; and conducting a second portion of the electric current to a load. 22. The method of claim 21, further comprising: using the light guide to direct light from the infrared light source to a second photovoltaic panel. 23. The method of claim 21, wherein the light guide comprises a piece of glass having embedded reflective material. 24. The method of claim 21, wherein the infrared light source comprises a light emitting diode. 25. The method of claim 21, wherein the light guide and the photovoltaic panel have a combined thickness of less than three inches. 26. The method of claim 21, further comprising attaching the light guide and photovoltaic panel to a second photovoltaic panel, the second photovoltaic panel being attached to a second light guide. 