In certain example embodiments, a solar collector system including a plurality of reflectors is provided. In certain example embodiments, a bracket or pad is bonded to a reflecting panel. The bracket has at least one fastening element protruding therefrom. The fastening element cooperates with at least a hole formed in a mounting frame for securing the panel to a frame, e.g., in mounting the panel. In certain example embodiments, the at least one fastening element comprises two deformable tabs. In certain example embodiments, the at least one fastening element is a shoulder screw that cooperates with a keyhole and slot arrangement provided to the mounting frame, with the shoulder screw being held in place by an optional spring clip.
Claims 1. A mounting system, comprising: a concentrating solar panel; and a frame comprising a shoulder having a hole formed therein, wherein the concentrating solar panel has a bracket or pad bonded thereto, the bracket or pad having (a) a base generally following the contour of the concentrating solar panel and (b) at least one mounting feature extending generally perpendicularly from the base, and wherein the hole formed in the shoulder is sized so as to accommodate the at least one mounting feature of the bracket or pad to secure the concentrating solar panel to the shoulder of the frame. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the at least one mounting feature comprises first and second deformable mounting tabs. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein the first and second deformable mounting tabs are insertable into the hole formed in the shoulder, and wherein the first and second deformable mounting tabs are bendable such that end portions extend substantially parallel to the base of the bracket or pad. 4. The system of claim 3, wherein the bracket or pad comprises an e-coated steel. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the at least one mounting feature is a shoulder screw integrally formed with the bracket or pad, the shoulder screw having a head portion that is larger than a body portion thereof. 6. The system of claim 5, wherein the hole formed in the shoulder includes a slot and keyhole, the keyhole being sized so as to permit the head portion of the shoulder screw to pass therethrough, the slot being sized so as to permit the body portion, but not the head portion, to pass therethrough, and wherein a gap exists between a bottom surface of the head portion of the shoulder screw and a top surface of the shoulder when the shoulder screw is passed into the slot. 7. The system of claim 6, further comprising a spring clip, the spring clip having a recessed profile configured to engage with the keyhole to lock the concentrating solar panel in horizontal position relative to the frame. 8. The system of claim 7, wherein the spring clip is sized so as to fill the gap between the bottom surface of the head portion of the shoulder screw and the top surface of the shoulder when the shoulder screw is passed into the slot. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein a threaded insert is molded into the bracket or pad, the threaded insert accommodating the at least one mounting feature, the mounting feature being a screw, the screw having a head portion that is larger than a body portion thereof. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein the hole formed in the shoulder includes a slot and keyhole, the keyhole being sized so as to permit the head portion of the screw to pass therethrough, the slot being sized so as to permit the body portion, but not the head portion, to pass therethrough, and wherein a gap exists between a bottom surface of the head portion of the screw and a top surface of the shoulder when the screw is passed into the slot. 11. The system of claim 10, further comprising a spring clip, the spring clip having a recessed profile configured to engage with the keyhole to lock the concentrating solar panel in horizontal position relative to the frame. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein the spring clip is sized so as to fill the gap between the bottom surface of the head portion of the screw and the top surface of the shoulder when the screw is passed into the slot. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein the bracket or pad comprises a glass-filled TPU material. 14. A mounting system, comprising: a concentrating solar panel; and a frame comprising a shoulder having a plurality of holes formed therein, wherein the concentrating solar panel has a plurality of brackets or pads bonded thereto, each said bracket or pad having (a) a base generally following the contour of the concentrating solar panel and (b) at least one mounting feature extending generally perpendicularly from the base, and wherein each said hole formed in the shoulder is sized so as to accommodate the at least one mounting feature of a corresponding bracket or pad in the plurality of brackets or pads to secure the concentrating solar panel to the shoulder of the frame. 15. A method of mounting a concentrating solar panel to a frame, the method comprising: providing the concentrating solar panel, wherein the concentrating solar panel has a bracket or pad bonded thereto, the bracket or pad having (a) a base generally following the contour of the concentrating solar panel and (b) at least one mounting feature extending generally perpendicularly from the base; providing the frame, the frame comprising a shoulder having a hole formed therein, the hole formed in the shoulder being sized so as to accommodate the at least one mounting feature of the bracket or pad to secure the concentrating solar panel to the shoulder of the frame; and inserting the at least one mounting feature into the hole formed in the shoulder in mounting the concentrating solar panel to the frame. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein the at least one mounting feature comprises first and second deformable mounting tabs. 17. The method of claim 16, further comprising: inserting the first and second deformable mounting tabs into the hole formed in the shoulder; and bending the first and second deformable mounting tabs such that end portions extend substantially parallel to the base of the bracket or pad. 18. The method of claim 15, wherein the at least one mounting feature is a shoulder screw integrally formed with the bracket or pad, the shoulder screw having a head portion that is larger than a body portion thereof. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein the hole formed in the shoulder includes a slot and keyhole, the keyhole being sized so as to permit the head portion of the shoulder screw to pass therethrough, the slot being sized so as to permit the body portion, but not the head portion, to pass therethrough. 20. The method of claim 19, further comprising inserting the shoulder screw into the keyhole and sliding the shoulder screw across the slot, wherein a gap exists between a bottom surface of the head portion of the shoulder screw and a top surface of the shoulder when the shoulder screw is slid into the slot. 21. The method of claim 20, further comprising providing a spring clip, the spring clip having a recessed profile configured to engage with the keyhole to lock the concentrating solar panel in horizontal position relative to the frame. 22. The method of claim 21, further comprising inserting the spring clip into the gap between the bottom surface of the head portion of the shoulder screw and the top surface of the shoulder, the spring clip being sized so as to fill the gap between the bottom surface of the head portion of the shoulder screw and the top surface of the shoulder when inserted therebetween. 23. The method of claim 15, wherein a threaded insert is molded into the bracket or pad, the threaded insert accommodating the at least one mounting feature, the mounting feature being a screw, the screw having a head portion that is larger than a body portion thereof. 24. The method of claim 23, wherein the hole formed in the shoulder includes a slot and keyhole, the keyhole being sized so as to permit the head portion of the screw to pass therethrough, the slot being sized so as to permit the body portion, but not the head portion, to pass therethrough. 25. The method of claim 24, further comprising inserting the screw into the keyhole and sliding the screw across the slot, wherein a gap exists between a bottom surface of the head portion of the screw and a top surface of the shoulder when the screw is slid into the slot. 26. The method of claim 25, further comprising providing a spring clip, the spring clip having a recessed profile configured to engage with the keyhole to lock the concentrating solar panel in horizontal position relative to the frame. 27. The method of claim 26, further comprising inserting the spring clip into the gap between the bottom surface of the head portion of the screw and the top surface of the shoulder, the spring clip being sized so as to fill the gap between the bottom surface of the head portion of the screw and the top surface of the shoulder when inserted therebetween. 28. A method of mounting a concentrating solar panel to a frame, the method comprising: providing the concentrating solar panel, wherein the concentrating solar panel has a plurality of brackets or pads bonded thereto, each said bracket or pad having (a) a base generally following the contour of the concentrating solar panel and (b) at least one mounting feature extending generally perpendicularly from the base; providing the frame, the frame comprising a shoulder having a plurality of holes formed therein, wherein each said hole formed in the shoulder is sized so as to accommodate the at least one mounting feature of a corresponding bracket or pad in the plurality of brackets or pads to secure the concentrating solar panel to the shoulder of the frame; and inserting the at least one mounting feature of the plurality of brackets or pads into corresponding holes formed in the shoulder in mounting the concentrating solar panel to the frame. 