A laser scribing device is provided which comprises at least a laser light source. The laser light source may generate a laser beam for scribing cell lines to form a patterned solar cell module. Furthermore, the laser may emit a light beam for generating a light spot on the surface of the solar cell module. The light beam may be modulated compared with the light beam used for the scribing process. By means of the light spot a particular region of the active area of the solar cell module may be illuminated, and the voltage V.sub.OC (L) may be measured at a voltage measurement device. The voltage measurement device is connected between the negative contact area and the positive contact area of the solar cell module. The measured voltage V.sub.OC (L) depends on the location of the laser spot on the solar cell module and the intensity of the laser spot.
Claims 1. A scribing device for sectioning at least a layer of a solar cell module having a first contact electrode and a second contact electrode, wherein said scribing device comprises at least a light source adapted for locally illuminating different areas of said solar cell module, wherein said scribing device comprises at least a measuring device for measuring a signal between said first contact electrode and said second contact electrode of said solar cell module responsive to the location of said area of said solar cell module illuminated by said light source. 2. The scribing device according to claim 1, wherein said scribing device comprises at least a scribing tool for forming electrically insulated areas of said layer. 3. The scribing device according to claim 1, wherein said light source is configured for providing light for illuminating different areas of said solar cell module and for sectioning said layer of said solar cell module by means of a light scribing process. 4. The scribing device according to claim 1, wherein said light source comprises at least a laser light source. 5. The scribing device according to claim 1, wherein said scribing tool is configured as a laser scribing tool. 6. The scribing device according to claim 1, wherein said scribing device is configured for illuminating different areas of said solar cell module by means of relative movement of the light beam emitted from the light source relative to the surface of the solar cell module. 7. The scribing device according to claim 1, wherein said scribing device comprises a plurality of light sources arranged to illuminate different areas of said solar cell module by selectively switching said light sources. 8. The scribing device according to claim 1, wherein said measuring device comprises a voltage measuring device for measuring a voltage between said first contact electrode and said second contact electrode of said solar cell module. 9. A method of producing a solar cell module having a first contact electrode and a second contact electrode, comprising the steps of: a) depositing a layer on a substrate; and b) sectioning said layer deposited on said substrate by means of a scribing tool for forming electrically insulated sections of said layer wherein said method further comprises a step c) monitoring and/or controlling said process step b) by locally and selectively illuminating at least one particular area of a surface of said solar cell module with light emitted from a light source and measuring a signal by means of a measuring device connected with said first contact electrode and said second contact electrode responsive to the location of said illuminated area of said solar cell module. 10. The method according to claim 9, wherein said light source is used for removing material in said sectioning step b) by means of a light beam emitted from said light source, and said light source is used in said process step c) for illuminating at least on particular area of said solar cell module. 11. The method according to claim 9, wherein said light emitted from said light source is modified when using said light of said light source for said process step b) and said process step c) respectively. 12. The method according to claim 9, wherein said process step b) includes scribing an insulation line which electrically insulates at least a part of an active area of said solar cell module from an edge portion of said solar cell module. 13. The method according to claim 9, wherein said process step b) includes scribing cell lines for electrically insulating a first area of said layer from adjacent areas of said layer. 14. The method according to claim 9, wherein said process step c) includes scanning said surface of said solar cell module. 15. The method according to claim 9, wherein said method includes farther process steps d) evaluating the measured signal; and e) changing an input parameter of said scribing tool when repeating said process step b) to generate another scribe line and/or repeating said process step b) to improve a generated scribe line. 