Composite of layers which comprises a dielectric layer and a layer which comprises pyrogenic zinc oxide and is bonded to the dielectric layer. Process for producing the composite of layers, in which the pyrogenic zinc oxide is applied to the dielectric layer in the form of a dispersion in which the zinc oxide particles are present with a mean aggregate diameter of less than 200 nm, and the zinc oxide layer is dried and then treated at temperatures of less than 200.degree. C. Process for producing the composite of layers, in which the pyrogenic zinc oxide is applied to a substrate layer or a composite of substrate layers in the form of a dispersion in which the zinc oxide particles are present with a mean aggregate diameter of less than 200 nm to form a zinc oxide layer, and then the zinc oxide layer and the substrate layer are treated at temperatures of less than 200.degree. C., and then a dielectric layer is applied to the zinc oxide layer. Field-effect transistor which has the composite of layers.
Claims 1. A composite of layers which comprises a dielectric layer and a layer which comprises pyrogenic zinc oxide which is bonded to the dielectric layer. 2. A process for producing the composite of layers according to claim 1, wherein the pyrogenic zinc oxide is applied to the dielectric layer in the form of a dispersion in which the zinc oxide particles are present with a mean aggregate diameter of less than 200 nm to form a zinc oxide layer on the dielectric layer, and then the zinc oxide layer and dielectric layer are treated at temperatures of less than 200.degree. C. 3. A process for producing the composite of layers according to claim 1, wherein the pyrogenic zinc oxide is applied in the form of a dispersion in which the zinc oxide particles are present with a mean aggregate diameter of less than 200 nm to form a zinc oxide layer on a substrate layer or a composite of substrate layers, and then the zinc oxide layer and the substrate layer are treated at temperatures of less than 200.degree. C. and then a dielectric layer is applied to the zinc oxide layer. 4. Process The process according to claim 2, wherein the dispersion is applied by means of dip-coating, spin-on coating, inkjet coating, flexographic printing, offset printing, gravure printing or screen-printing. 5. The process according to claim 2, wherein the thermal treatment takes place at 80 to 180.degree. C. 6. The process according to claim 2, wherein the mean aggregate diameter of the zinc oxide particles is 70 to 200 nm. 7. The process according to claim 2, wherein the proportion of pyrogenic zinc oxide in the dispersion is 5 to 60% by weight. 8. The process according to claim 2, wherein the dispersion contains 0.01 to 20% by weight, based on zinc oxide, of one or more stabilizing additives. 9-11. (canceled) 12. The process according to claim 3, wherein the dispersion is applied by means of dip-coating, spin-on coating, inkjet coating, flexographic printing, offset printing, gravure printing or screen-printing. 13. The process according to claim 3, wherein the thermal treatment takes place at 80 to 180.degree. C. 14. The process according to claim 3, wherein the mean aggregate diameter of the zinc oxide particles is 70 to 200 nm. 15. The process according to claim 3, wherein the proportion of pyrogenic zinc oxide in the dispersion is 5 to 60% by weight. 16. The process according to claim 3, wherein the dispersion contains 0.01 to 20% by weight, based on zinc oxide, of one or more stabilizing additives. 17. A field-effect transistor which comprises the composite of according to claim 1. 18. A process for producing a field-effect transistor according to claim 17, which comprises: a1) providing a substrate layer, a2) mounting a source electrode and drain electrode, a3) applying pyrogenic zinc oxide to the substrate layer having source and drain electrodes, a4) applying a dielectric layer on the zinc oxide layer, and a5) mounting a gate electrode on the dielectric layer or b1) providing a substrate layer, b2) mounting a gate electrode, b3) applying a dielectric layer on the substrate layer comprising the gate electrode, b4) mounting a source electrode and drain electrode on the dielectric layer, and b5) applying pyrogenic zinc oxide to the dielectric layer having source and drain electrodes or c1) providing a substrate layer, c2) applying pyrogenic zinc oxide to the substrate layer, c3) mounting a source electrode and drain electrode on the layer comprising pyrogenic zinc oxide, c4) applying a dielectric layer on the zinc oxide layer having source and drain electrodes, and c5) mounting a gate electrode on the dielectric layer or d1) providing a substrate layer, d2) mounting a gate electrode, d3) applying a dielectric layer on the substrate layer comprising the gate electrode, d4) applying pyrogenic zinc oxide to the dielectric, layer having the gate electrode, and d5) mounting a source electrode and drain electrode on the layer comprising pyrogenic zinc oxide wherein the pyrogenic zinc oxide is applied in each case in the form of a dispersion in which the zinc oxide particles are present with a mean aggregate diameter of less than 200 nm, and the layers are treated at temperatures of less than 200.degree. C. 19. A solar cell comprising the composite of layers according to claim 1. 20. A display comprising the composite of layers according to claim 1. 21. A sensor comprising the composite of layers according to claim 1. 22. An RFID tag comprising the composite of layers according to claim 1. 