A solar receiver and system is provided that generates electrical power generation from very highly concentrated sunlight. The system has advantages in: cooling and packaging for electrical power devices; electrical circuit impedance; and low frequency and high frequency electrical properties. In one example, a Photo-voltaic Many Cell Module ("PvMcm") includes a large substrate with many photo-voltaic ("PV") cells mounted in a dense array. This substrate has a core of solid molybdenum, insulated on both faces with aluminum nitride. Atop this is one layer of molybdenum printed wire. This electrically connects the PV cells. Atop this is another dielectric layer. This substrate provides excellent thermal resistivity. This receiver also includes a Switch Many Chip Module ("SwMcm") to convert DC to AC electrical power. This includes a second substrate that carries power switches mounted tightly on one surface. This substrate includes a metal core, ceramic insulation and several layers of printed wiring. A cold-plate provides water cooling for both the PvMcm and SwMcm. This can amply cool 100 W/cm 2 heat flux throughout the PvMcm. Also this improves inverter reliability. There may be a redundant protection against overheating. Along the optical path for sunlight, there is a shutter that is interlocked with cooling. This shutter can allow or else rapidly prevent highly concentrated sunlight on the PvMcm.
Claims 1. A substrate for holding an array of photovoltaic power cells, comprising: a core having a low coefficient of thermal expansion; a dielectric material having a high product of its bulk thermal conductivity multiplied by its dielectric strength; and power wires on the substrate for electrically connecting a plurality of the photovoltaic power cells. 2. The substrate of claim 1 wherein the core is metal. 3. The substrate of claim 1 wherein the core further comprises molybdenum, tungsten, or nickel. 4. The substrate of claim 1 wherein the dielectric material further comprises a ceramic material. 5. The substrate of claim 1 wherein the dielectric material further comprises aluminum nitride. 6. The substrate of claim 1 wherein the dielectric material is embedded in a polymer material. 7. The substrate of claim 1 wherein the core has a coefficient of thermal expansion about equal to the coefficient of thermal expansion of the photovoltaic power cell. 8. The substrate of claim 1 wherein the core has a coefficient of thermal expansion in the range of about 2 E-6 per K to about 6 E-6 per K. 9. The substrate of claim 1 wherein the core has a coefficient of thermal expansion that differs from the photovoltaic cell's coefficient of thermal expansion by less than 5 E-6 per K. 10. The substrate of claim 1 wherein the core has a coefficient of thermal expansion that differs from the photovoltaic cell's coefficient of thermal expansion by less than 2.5 E-6 per K. 11. The substrate of claim 1 wherein the dielectric material has a thermal conductivity greater than about 60 W per (M*K). 12. The substrate of claim 1 wherein the dielectric material has a thermal conductivity greater than about 120 W per (M*K). 13. The substrate of claim 1 wherein the dielectric material has a dielectric strength greater than about 6E6 V per M. 14. The substrate of claim 1 wherein the dielectric material has a dielectric strength greater than about 14E6 V per M. 15. The substrate of claim 1, wherein the dielectric material has a product of its thermal conductivity and its dielectric strength which is greater than about 3.5E7 (V*W) per (K*M 2). 16. The substrate of claim 1, wherein the dielectric material has a product of its thermal conductivity and its dielectric strength which is greater than about 3.5E8 (V*W) per (K*M 2). 17. The substrate of claim 1, further comprising a cold-plate that is arranged to thermally transfer heat to a flowing liquid. 18. The substrate of claim 17, wherein the cold-plate has a heat transfer surface, the cold-plate being constructed to allow fluid flow to and from substantially all the heat transfer surface, resulting in fluid in-flow and fluid out-flow which are substantially topologically parallel between separated locations on this surface. 19. The substrate of claim 1, further comprising a ground plate, wherein the power wires and ground plate are constructed so that a corresponding photovoltaic power generation circuit has significant distributed capacitance. 20. The substrate according to claim 19, further comprising a photovoltaic power generation circuit that approximates a transmission line that has a characteristic impedance, and has a DC source impedance, and are structured to provide a characteristic impedance that is lower than the DC source impedance. 21. The substrate according to claim 1, further comprising a photovoltaic power generation circuit that is electrically isolated from said metal core. 22. The substrate according to claim 21, wherein a dielectric layer provides the electrical isolation. 23. A solar power generation module holding an array of photovoltaic power cells, comprising: a substrate, further comprising: a metal core having a low coefficient of thermal expansion; a dielectric layer having high bulk thermal conductivity and a high dielectric strength; and power wires on the substrate for electrically connecting a plurality of the photovoltaic power cells; a plurality of photovoltaic power cells mounted and arranged in an array on the substrate; a cold plate in thermal communication with the photovoltaic cells; and wherein the cold plate has fluid paths which provide topologically highly-parallel fluid flow to remove heat from the substrate. 24. The solar power generation receiver of claim 23, wherein the cold-plate and the fluid cooling structure is arranged so that when the power cell array is being subjected to concentrated solar energy, the temperature across the array and within each photovoltaic cell is substantially within an operational range for the photovoltaic process. 25. The solar power generation receiver of claim 23, wherein the cold plate, substrate, and the fluid cooling structure are made so that the local thermal resistivity is sufficiently low substantially throughout the face of substantially all the photovoltaic cells. 26. The solar power generation receiver of claim 23, wherein the cold-plate and the liquid cooling structure further comprise a heat transfer surface, and the module further comprises a plurality of nozzles arranged for squirting fluid jets on the heat transfer surface. 27. The solar power generation receiver of claim 26, wherein the heat transfer surface further comprises a plurality of thermally conductive fins or grooves arranged. 28. A solar power generation receiver holding an array of photovoltaic power cells, comprising: a substrate, further comprising: a metal core having a low coefficient of thermal expansion; a dielectric layer having high bulk thermal conductivity and a high dielectric strength; and power wires on the substrate for electrically connecting a plurality of the photovoltaic power cells. a plurality of photovoltaic power cells mounted in an array on the substrate; an inverter switch connected to the substrate; and a cooling structure common to both the substrate and the inverter switch. 29. The solar power generation receiver according to claim 28, wherein the cooling structure further comprises: a cold-plate in thermal communication with the photovoltaic cells; and wherein the cold-plate has a pathway for a liquid to remove heat from the substrate and the inverter switch. 30. The solar power generation receiver according to claim 29, wherein the substrate, inverter, and cold-plate are connected and positioned adjacent to each other. 31. A solar power generation system comprising: a photovoltaic power generator delivering power on two or more power output lines; a protective enclosure; at least one grounded connection connected to the protective enclosure and also connected to the power generator; and wherein the voltage between two of the power lines exceeds the voltage between each power output line and ground. 32. The solar power generation system according to claim 31, wherein the generation system has a defined safety reference voltage, and wherein the absolute value of voltage from any power output to ground does not exceed the reference safety voltage, but the voltage difference between power outputs exceeds the reference safety voltage. 33. A photovoltaic power generation system, comprising: photovoltaic power cells positioned in a light path from a solar concentrator; a cooling system for removing excess heat from the photovoltaic cells; a sensor which generates a signal correlated with cooling system failure; an optical element that can change the light path; and wherein the optical element is responsive to the signal. 34. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 33, wherein the optical element comprises a shutter in the form of a tracker, a mirror, a reflector, a refractor, a lens, a prism, a scatterer, or an absorber. 35. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 33, wherein the optical element is a moveable. 