A shrouded wind turbine includes a shroud with an exterior surface that includes a smooth outer surface. The smooth outer surface is large enough that additional devices, particularly advertising displays or solar panels, can be mounted to the shroud to more efficiently use available surface area, both on the wind turbine itself and on the footprint of the wind turbine.
Claims 1. A shrouded horizontal axis wind turbine, comprising: an impeller; and a turbine shroud surrounding the impeller, the turbine shroud having an exterior surface and comprising a plurality of mixing lobes located along a trailing edge; wherein the exterior surface has a smooth outer surface suitable for mounting a panel. 2. The wind turbine of claim 1, wherein the panel is an advertising display. 3. The wind turbine of claim 2, wherein the panel is a digital billboard. 4. The wind turbine of claim 1, wherein the panel is a solar panel. 5. The wind turbine of claim 1, wherein the smooth outer surface is located on a side of the turbine shroud. 6. The wind turbine of claim 1, wherein the smooth outer surface is located on a top of the turbine shroud. 7. The wind turbine of claim 1, wherein the ratio of a height of the outer surface to a length of the outer surface is from about 2 to about 5. 8. The wind turbine of claim 1, wherein the exterior surface also has a non-smooth surface. 9. The wind turbine of claim 1, further comprising an ejector shroud having an inlet and an exit, the trailing edge of the turbine shroud extending into the ejector shroud inlet. 10. The wind turbine of claim 9, wherein the ejector shroud has an exterior surface with a smooth outer surface suitable for mounting a second panel thereon. 11. A shrouded horizontal axis wind turbine, comprising: an impeller; a turbine shroud surrounding the impeller, the turbine shroud comprising a plurality of mixing lobes located along a trailing edge; and an ejector shroud having an inlet and an exit, the trailing edge of the turbine shroud extending into the ejector shroud inlet; wherein the ejector shroud has an exterior surface with a smooth outer surface suitable for mounting a panel thereon. 12. The wind turbine of claim 11, wherein the panel is a digital billboard. 13. The wind turbine of claim 11, wherein the panel is a solar panel. 14. The wind turbine of claim 11, wherein the smooth outer surface is located on a side or a top of the ejector shroud. 15. The wind turbine of claim 11, wherein the ratio of a height of the outer surface to a length of the outer surface is from about 2 to about 5. 16. The wind turbine of claim 11, wherein the exterior surface also has a non-smooth surface. 17. A shrouded horizontal axis wind turbine, comprising: an impeller; a shroud surrounding the impeller, the shroud having an exterior surface and a recess in the exterior surface; and a panel located in the recess, the panel being shaped to cooperate with the shroud to form a smooth outer surface on the exterior surface. 18. The wind turbine of claim 17, wherein the panel is a digital billboard. 19. The wind turbine of claim 17, wherein the panel is a solar panel. 20. The wind turbine of claim 17, wherein the recess is located on a side or a top of the shroud. 21. The wind turbine of claim 17, wherein the ratio of a height of the recess to a length of the recess is from about 2 to about 5. 22. The wind turbine of claim 17, wherein the exterior surface also has a non-smooth surface. 