Methods for manufacturing three-dimensional thin-film solar cells using a template. The template comprises a template substrate comprising a plurality of three-dimensional surface features. The three-dimensional thin-film solar cell substrate is formed by forming a sacrificial layer on the template, subsequently depositing a semiconductor layer, selectively etching the sacrificial layer, and releasing the semiconductor layer from the template. Select portions of the three-dimensional thin-film solar cell substrate are then doped with a first dopant, while other select portions are doped with a second dopant. Next, selective emitter and base metallization regions are formed using a PECVD shadow mask process.
Claims 1. A method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell, comprising: forming a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell substrate by the steps of: forming a sacrificial layer on a template, said template comprising a template substrate, said template substrate comprising a plurality of three-dimensional surface features; subsequently depositing a semiconductor layer; selectively etching said sacrificial layer; and releasing said semiconductor layer from said template; doping select portions of said three-dimensional thin-film solar cell substrate with a first dopant; doping select portions of said three-dimensional thin-film solar cell substrate with a second dopant; and forming selective emitter metallization regions and selective base metallization regions using a PECVD shadow mask process. 2. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell of claim 1, wherein said step of forming selective emitter metallization regions and selective base metallization regions using a shadow mask process comprises: positioning a shadow mask proximate said three-dimensional thin-film solar cell substrate wherein said shadow mask blocks patterned surface regions of said three-dimensional thin-film solar cell substrate; and selectively depositing a layer of dielectric material on unblocked surface regions of said three-dimensional thin-film solar cell substrate. 3. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell of claim 1, wherein said step of forming selective emitter metallization regions and selective base metallization regions using a shadow mask process comprises: positioning a shadow mask proximate said three-dimensional thin-film solar cell substrate wherein said shadow mask blocks patterned surface regions of said three-dimensional thin-film solar cell substrate; and selectively etching material in said blocked patterned surface regions leaving a dielectric hard masking layer on unblocked surface regions of said three-dimensional thin-film solar cell substrate. 4. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell of claim 1, wherein said dielectric material is silicon nitride. 5. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell of claim 1, wherein said shadow mask comprises patterns with dimensions in the range of 50 to 500 micrometers. 6. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell of claim 1, wherein said dielectric material is an undoped silicon oxide. 7. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell of claim 1, wherein said dielectric material is silicon oxide doped with phosphorus, boron, germanium, gallium, or arsenic. 8. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell of claim 1, wherein said dielectric material is aluminum oxide. 9. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell of claim 1, wherein said dielectric material is undoped amorphous silicon. 10. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell of claim 1, wherein said dielectric material is amorphous silicon doped with phosphorus, boron, germanium, gallium, or arsenic. 11. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell of claim 1, wherein said three-dimensional surface features comprise a plurality of posts and a plurality of trenches interspersed among said plurality of posts. 12. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell of claim 1, wherein said step of forming a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell substrate comprises forming a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell substrate with a plurality of single-aperture unit cells. 13. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell of claim 1, wherein said step of forming a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell substrate comprises forming a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell substrate with a plurality of dual-aperture unit cells. 14. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell of claim 1, wherein said shadow mask is a quartz shadow mask. 15. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell of claim 1, wherein said shadow mask is a silicon carbide or silicon carbide coated shadow mask. 16. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell of claim 1, wherein said shadow mask is an alumina shadow mask. 17. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell of claim 1, wherein said shadow mask is a ceramic glass shadow mask. 18. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell of claim 1, wherein said sacrificial layer comprises a porous silicon layer. 19. The method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell of claim 1, further comprising mounting the three-dimensional thin-film solar cell on a rear mirror. 20. A method for manufacturing a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell, comprising: forming a three-dimensional thin-film solar cell substrate by the steps of: forming a sacrificial layer on a template; subsequently depositing a semiconductor layer; and releasing said semiconductor layer from said template; doping select portions of said three-dimensional thin-film solar cell substrate with dopants; and forming metallization regions by positioning a shadow mask structure proximate said semiconductor layer wherein said shadow mask masks surface regions of said semiconductor layer, and selectively depositing a dielectric material on unmasked surface regions of said semiconductor layer. 