Systems, methods, and apparatus relating to the use of Stirling engine technology to convert heat, such as from solar radiation, to mechanical work or electricity. Apparatus, systems, components, and methods relating to energy converting apparatus are described herein. In one aspect, the invention relates to the field alignment of panels and the assembly of a concentrator. In another aspect, a passive balancer is used in combination with a ring frame and other moving masses to reduce engine forces and vibration on the structure of the energy converting apparatus while maintaining properly constrained alignment of various suspended masses. In yet another aspect, the invention relates to various over-insolation control and management strategy to prevent overheating of the energy converting apparatus or components and subsystems thereof.
Claims 1. A system for converting solar energy into electricity, the system comprising: a solar energy concentrator having a non-planar front surface, the concentrator comprising a plurality of panels defining the non-planar front surface, each panel having a plurality of edges; a boom; and an energy converting apparatus comprising: an incident solar energy receiving surface aligned to receive solar energy reflected from the solar energy concentrator; a ring frame comprising a plurality of supporting members and a top substantially circular region having an outer circumference and an inner circumference and comprising a plurality of attachment mounts; and an engine disposed within an engine housing suspended within the inner circumference and substantially perpendicular to the top substantially circular region, the boom connecting and aligning the energy converting apparatus and the solar energy concentrator. 2. (canceled) 3. The system of claim 1, further comprising a temperature sensor positioned to detect temperature changes in the incident solar energy receiving surface. 4. The system of claim 3, further comprising a drive unit connected to the solar energy concentrator and the temperature sensor, the drive unit programmed to misalign the concentrator with a source of solar energy and reduce an amount of solar energy impinging on the incident solar energy receiving surface when the temperature measured by the temperature sensor exceeds a predetermined threshold. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein each panel comprises: a non-planar surface, wherein the non-planar surface comprises a first portion having a first edge and a second edge, the first and second edges being radially oriented with respect to the center of the concave reflector when the panel is positioned in the concave reflector; and wherein the non-planar surface comprises a second portion having a third edge and a fourth edge, the third and fourth edges are radially oriented with respect to a second center that is nonconcentric with the center of the concave reflector when the panel is positioned in the concave reflector; and wherein when assembled in the concave reflector, the concave reflector includes a slot, running to the circumference of the reflector from substantially the center of the reflector, the slot having parallel edges. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein n panels comprise the plurality of panels, wherein n is an integer greater than two, the panels arranged such that a non-planar concave dish is formed from the arrangement of the n panels, the non-planar concave dish defining a star shaped hole and the slot formed from a plurality of edges of the n panels, the n panels are substantially identical in shape. 7. The system of claim 5, wherein the concave dish is oversized to provide excess solar energy relative to a relative maximum amount of solar energy that the energy converting apparatus can tolerate before overheating. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein each of the plurality of attachment mounts are substantially perpendicular to the top substantially circular region. 9. The system of claim 1, further comprising an elongate slew plate connected to the outer circumference of the substantially circular region, the elongate slew plate defining an attachment point for a cover, the cover sized to substantially surround the energy converting apparatus while leaving the incident solar energy receiving surface exposed to receive solar energy. 10. The system of claim 1, further comprising a vibration transmission reduction system for reducing the transmission of vibrations between the engine housing and a frame, the system comprising: a plurality of isolation springs, each isolation spring forms a circular mount within which is positioned the engine housing, the circular mount is attached to the frame; and a passive balancer attached to the engine housing. 11. The system of claim 10, wherein the plurality of isolation springs are arranged to form a cylindrical mounting structure having a longitudinal axis. 12. The system of claim 10, wherein the engine and the passive balancer are aligned along the longitudinal axis or an axis parallel to the longitudinal axis. 13. The system of claim 10, wherein the axial spring stiffness of the isolation springs is selected in response to the gravity load so as to ensure the engine housing remains in a predetermined axial tolerance band. 14. (canceled) 15. (canceled) 16. The system of claim 10, wherein the frame is a ring frame comprising a plurality of supporting members and a top substantially circular region, wherein the isolation springs are flexures, wherein the engine housing and passive balancer are suspended by the flexures. 17. The system of claim 1, wherein the concentrator comprises a chassis, the chassis comprising a first mating surface and a second mating surface, both mating surfaces sandwiching a plurality of elongate members which radiate outward from a common center, each of the plurality of panels attached to at least one elongate member. 18. (canceled) 19. The system of claim 18, wherein the biaxial drive assembly is configured for causing rotation of the concentrator about two orthogonal axes, the biaxial drive assembly comprising: a first drive unit having a first axis of rotation; and a second drive unit having a second axis of rotation and offset from the first drive unit, the second drive unit is positioned separate from first drive unit such that the first and second axes of rotation are orthogonal but do not intersect. 20. The system of claim 19, wherein the first and second drives cause the chassis to move, wherein the first drive unit causes rotation of the chassis about a vertical axis of rotation of the first drive unit; wherein the second drive unit causes rotation of the chassis about a horizontal axis of rotation of the second drive unit, and wherein when the second drive unit has caused a rotation of the chassis about the horizontal axis of the second drive unit so as to cause the directional axis of the chassis to be vertical, the directional axis of the chassis is parallel to but non-coincident with vertical axis of rotation of the first drive unit. 21-34. (canceled) 35. A method of assembling a reflector unit comprising: a hub plate, the hub plate having a first alignment point; a plurality of elongate members, each of the plurality of elongate members having a hub end for attachment to the hub plate and a distal end, the distal end having a second alignment point; and a plurality of panels, using an alignment tool comprising: an elongate body portion having a first end and a second end; a first attachment unit located at the first end of the elongate body portion; and a second attachment unit located at the second end of the elongate body portion, the method comprising the steps of: attaching an elongate member to the hub plate; attaching the first attachment unit of the alignment tool to one first alignment point on the hub plate; attaching the second attachment unit of the alignment tool to the second alignment point of the elongate member; aligning the elongate member with respect to the hub plate; fixing elongate member to the hub plate; repeating each step for each elongate member of the plurality of elongate members; once the elongate members have been affixed to the hub plate, affixing each of the plurality of panels to the elongate members. 36. A method of assembling a collector having a central axis for use with an energy converting apparatus, the method comprising the steps of: sandwiching a plurality of elongate members between a first substantially planar mating surface and a second substantially planar mating surface, each elongate member having two substantially collinear pins located on either side of a first end of each elongate member, each mating surface defining a plurality holes, each hole sized to receive one of the pins; and securing the substantially planar mating surfaces such that the collinear pins are positioned within corresponding holes in each respective mating surface such that the mating surfaces are perpendicular to the central axis and a second end of each of the structural members radiates outward away from the central axis. 37. The method of claim 36 further comprising the step of attaching a plurality of panel segments to the plurality of elongate members. 38. The method of claim 36 wherein each panel segment comprises attachment bosses on a first side and a reflective surface on a second side. 39-95. (canceled) 