A combined diurnal tracking, concentrator, photovoltaic plus domestic hot water solar thermal system is mountable on flat roof industrial buildings or multi-unit apartment buildings for diurnal tracking, and on pitched roofs of single family residences. The systems are configured to reduce the number of solar cells required for given power output, and increased generated heat by a concentration of the sun's insolation on the solar cells. The increased heat is drawn off by anti-freeze fluid circulated in an aluminum extrusion attached to the solar cells and concentrator reflectors for the dual purpose of providing domestic hot water or space heating and maintaining the solar cells cool to enhance their efficiency.
Claims 1. Photovoltaic electrical generator system including at least one solar cell, and means for moving said at least one solar cell for diurnal tracking of the sun. 2. The system as claimed in claim 1, further including an optical element for concentrating sunlight onto said at least one solar cell. 3. The system as claimed in claim 2, wherein said optical element comprises a Fresnel lens. 4. The system as claimed in claim 3, wherein said optical element includes at least one plano reflective surface. 5. The system as claimed in claim 4, further including a plurality of said solar cells and optical elements arranged in a checkerboard pattern. 6. The system as claimed in claim 1, including means for coupling a pipe to said at least one solar cell for removing heat therefrom by fluid flow through said pipe. 7. The system as claimed in claim 6, including means for supplying heat removed from said at least one solar cell to a water heating system for heating water within a water storage tank or for providing space heating. 8. The system as claimed in claim 1, wherein said means for moving said at least one solar cell for diurnal tracking of the sun includes a clock motor. 9. A combined photovoltaic electrical generator and thermal hot water or space heating system, said system comprising: at least one solar cell, and means for moving said at least one solar cell for diurnal tracking of the sun; a pipe having a first end coupled to said at least one solar cell, and a second and coupled to a hot water or space heating system; wherein fluid flow through said pipe removes heat from said at least one solar cell and supplies said heat to said hot water or space heating system. 10. The system as claimed in claim 9, wherein said means moving said at least one solar cell includes a clock motor for pivoting said at least one solar cell for diurnal tracking of the sun. 11. The system as claimed in claim 9, further including an optical element for concentrating sunlight onto said at least one solar cell. 12. The system as claimed in claim 11, wherein said optical element includes a Fresnel lens and at least one piano reflective surface. 13. The system as claimed in claim 1, wherein a plurality of said solar cells form a string, the ratio of width to length along said string being at least 2/1. 14. A method for generating photovoltaic electrical energy, said method including the steps of: mounting at least one solar cell to a roof structure; and moving said at least one solar cell for diurnal tracking of the sun. 15. The method as claimed in claim 14, wherein the step of moving said at least one solar cell includes pivoting said at least one solar cell by a clock motor. 16. The method as claimed in claim 14, including the step of providing an optical element for concentrating sunlight onto said at least one solar cell. 17. The method as claimed in claim 16, further including the steps of providing a plurality of said solar cells and optical elements, and arranging said plurality of said solar cells and said optical elements in a checkerboard pattern. 18. The method as claimed in claim 14, further including the step of causing fluid flow proximate to said at least one solar cell for removing heat from said at least one said solar cell for improving the efficiency thereof. 19. The method as claimed in claim 18, further including the step of providing said heat removed from said at least one solar cell to a thermal hot water or space heating system. 20. The method as claimed in claim 19, wherein the step of providing heat removed from said at least one solar cell to a thermal hot water or space heating system includes providing a pipe having a first end in fluid communication with said at least one solar cell and a second end in fluid communication with the hot water or space heating system. 