A solar array mounting system having unique installation and grounding features, and which is adaptable for mounting solar panels having mounting holes located in different locations. The solar array mounting system includes tilt brackets and longitudinal links forming columns. A tilt bracket includes a tilt arm for supporting an upper spar of one row, and a pivot block for supporting a lower spar of a next row. The spars may be made from extruded aluminum or from steel, wherein the steel spars include an exposed metal channel to provide a common electrical equipment ground. Panel clamps are used to clamp the solar panel frames to the spars, allowing for variations in mounting hole locations.
Claims 1. A spar for supporting one or more solar panels, the spar comprising: a metal body forming a hollow rectangular frame and an extended section aligned with one side of the frame; a top channel in the rectangular frame; a bottom channel in the rectangular frame; and a coating covering the external surfaces of the metal body, except at least a portion of the bottom channel is uncoated metal to form an equipment ground connection surface. 2. The spar of claim 1, wherein the spar comprises a pre-galvanized metal body. 3. The spar of claim 1, wherein the bottom channel includes a front tapered edge. 4. The spar of claim 3, wherein the front tapered edge of the bottom channel is less than 90.degree. from vertical. 5. The spar of claim 3, wherein the front tapered edge of the bottom channel angles away from a front edge of the spar. 6. The spar of claim 1, wherein at least an entire bottom portion of the bottom channel is uncoated. 7. The spar of claim 2, wherein the coating is one of paint and a powder coating. 8. A solar panel mounting clamp comprising: a top section comprising: a stud to engage a mounting hole of a solar panel; and a threaded hole; a middle section aligned parallel to and below the top section, and having an opening aligned with the threaded hole in the top section; a hinged joint connecting the top and middle sections; a bottom section extending from the middle section at a right angle at a point between the stud and the threaded hole, and having an angled end formed to attach to a spar channel; and a bolt mounted through the opening in the middle section and into the threaded hole. 9. The solar panel mounting clamp of claim 8, wherein the top, middle and bottom sections are formed from a unitary piece of metal, and the hinged joint is formed by removing material at intervals along a joint edge. 10. A solar panel clamp comprising: a pawl having a stud to engage a mounting hole on a solar panel; a wire bail to attach to a spar channel; and a hasp connected to the pawl and wire bail, the hasp including a front opening. 11. The solar panel clamp of claim 10, wherein the clamp is metal and the opening is configured to interface with a fastening and opening tool. 12. A pivot block comprising: a metal body; a mounting hole through the metal body; an alignment groove located on a bottom of the body; a tilt-up stop groove located at a rear of the body along a curved bottom edge of the body from the alignment groove; a top groove; and a front spar engagement channel and lip. 13. The pivot block of claim 12, further comprising a notch in a front surface of the body next to the front spar channel, the notch configured to hold a threaded nut and tension spring. 14. A solar panel array system comprising: at least one solar panel having a metal frame; an upper spar and a lower spar, each spar comprising: a metal body forming a hollow rectangular frame and an extended section aligned with one side of the frame; a top channel in the rectangular frame; a bottom channel in the rectangular frame; and a coating covering the external surfaces of the metal body, except at least a portion of the bottom channel is uncoated metal to form an equipment ground connection surface; at least one solar panel clamp connecting the upper spar to the at least one solar panel frame, wherein the at least one solar panel clamp comprises: a stud to engage a mounting hole of a solar panel frame, and a spar engagement member to engage the uncoated metal on the bottom spar channel; at least one solar panel clamp connecting the lower spar to the at least one solar panel frame, wherein the at least one solar panel clamp comprises: a stud to engage a mounting hole of a solar panel frame, and a spar engagement member to engage the uncoated metal on the bottom spar channel; at least two metal tilt brackets; a metal pivot block attached to a front tilt bracket and to the lower spar, the pivot block engaging the uncoated metal on the bottom of the lower spar; a tilt leg connected to a rear tilt bracket and to the upper spar, the tilt leg engaging the uncoated metal on the bottom of the upper spar; and a metal longitudinal link connecting the front and rear tilt brackets; wherein the at least one solar panel frame, the upper and lower spars, the at least two tilt brackets, the pivot block, the tilt leg and the longitudinal link are at a same equipment ground potential. 15. The solar array system of claim 14, further comprising a clamp block attached to each solar panel to clamp the solar panel to an upper spar. 16. The solar array system of claim 15, further comprising a wind deflector mounted to the upper spar. 17. The solar array system of claim 14, wherein the panel clamp comprises: a top section comprising: a stud to engage a mounting hole of a solar panel; and a threaded hole; a middle section aligned parallel to and below the top section, and having an opening aligned with the threaded hole in the top section; a hinged joint connecting the top and middle sections; a bottom section extending from the middle section at a right angle at a point between the stud and the threaded hole, and having an angled end formed to attach to a spar channel; and a bolt mounted through the opening in the middle section and into the threaded hole. 18. The solar array system of claim 17, wherein the top, middle and bottom sections of the panel clamp are formed from a unitary piece of metal, and the hinged joint is formed by removing material at intervals along a joint edge. 19. The solar array system of claim 14, wherein the panel clamp comprises: a pawl having a stud to engage a mounting hole on a solar panel; a wire bail to attach to a spar channel; and a hasp connected to the pawl and wire bail, the hasp including a front opening. 20. The solar array system of claim 14, wherein the pivot block comprises: a metal body; a mounting hole through the metal body; an alignment groove located on a bottom of the body; a tilt-up stop groove located at a rear of the body along a curved bottom edge of the body from the alignment groove; a top groove; and a front spar engagement channel and lip. 21. The solar array system of claim 20, wherein the pivot block further comprises a notch in a front surface of the body next to the front spar channel, the notch configured to hold a threaded nut and tension spring. 22. A solar panel array system comprising: at least two solar panel module assemblies, each assembly comprising: at least two solar panels having a metal frame; an upper spar and a lower spar, each spar comprising: a metal body forming a hollow rectangular frame and an extended section aligned with one side of the frame; a top channel in the rectangular frame; a bottom channel in the rectangular frame; and a coating covering the external surfaces of the metal body, except at least a portion of the bottom channel is uncoated metal to form an equipment ground connection surface; at least one solar panel clamp connecting each solar panel frame to the upper spar, wherein the at least one solar panel clamp comprises: a stud to engage a mounting hole of a solar panel frame, and a spar engagement member to engage the uncoated metal on the bottom spar channel; at least one solar panel clamp connecting each solar panel frame to the lower spar, wherein the at least one solar panel clamp comprises: a stud to engage a mounting hole of a solar panel frame, and a spar engagement member to engage the uncoated metal on the bottom spar channel; at least two front metal tilt brackets and two rear metal tilt brackets; a metal pivot block attached to each front tilt bracket and to the lower spar, each pivot block engaging the uncoated metal on the bottom of the lower spar; a tilt leg connected to each rear tilt bracket and to the upper spar, each tilt leg engaging the uncoated metal on the bottom of the upper spar; a metal longitudinal link connecting each set of front and rear tilt brackets; wherein the solar panel frames, the upper and lower spars, the at least four tilt brackets, the pivot blocks, the tilt legs and the longitudinal links are at a same equipment ground potential; wherein the at least two module assemblies are connected by a lateral link. 23. The solar array system of claim 22, further comprising a clamp block attached to each solar panel to clamp the solar panel to an upper spar. 24. The solar array system of claim 23, further comprising a wind deflector mounted to the upper spar. 25. The solar array system of claim 22, wherein the panel clamp includes metal protrusions to engage the solar panel frame and the bottom channel of the spar. 26. The solar array system of claim 22, wherein the tilt leg includes metal protrusions to engage the bottom channel of the spar. 27. The solar array system of claim 22, wherein the pivot block includes metal protrusions to engage the bottom channel of the spar. 28. A solar array mounting system comprising: at least one solar panel having a metal frame; an upper spar and a lower spar; at least one solar panel clamp connecting the upper spar to the at least one solar panel frame, at least one solar panel clamp connecting the lower spar to the at least one solar panel frame, wherein the at least one solar panel clamp comprises: at least two metal tilt brackets; a metal pivot block attached to a front tilt bracket and to the lower spar, the pivot block engaging the lower spar; a tilt leg connected to a rear tilt bracket and to the upper spar, the tilt leg engaging the upper spar; and a metal longitudinal link connecting the front and rear tilt brackets; wherein the at least one solar panel frame, the upper and lower spars, the at least two tilt brackets, the pivot block, the tilt leg and the longitudinal link are at a same equipment ground potential. 29. A solar panel mounting system comprising: an upper spar and a lower spar for mounting at least one solar panel frame; at least one solar panel clamp connecting the upper spar to the at least one solar panel frame, wherein the at least one solar panel clamp comprises: a stud to engage a mounting hole of a solar panel frame, and a spar engagement member to engage the upper spar; at least one solar panel clamp connecting the lower spar to the at least one solar panel frame, wherein the at least one solar panel clamp comprises: a stud to engage a mounting hole of a solar panel frame, and a spar engagement member to engage the lower spar. 