A liquid pressurization device which is housed within a single rectangular housing that utilizes a solar panel as the front cover and the only source of energy. An interchangeable pulley mounted on a motion controlled technology motor allows for a wide range of pressure and volume scenarios common to liquid pressurization applications, and in combination with a motor controller and driver board, and programmable logic control board, these pressure and volume scenarios are further optimized for the utilization of solar energy as the sole energy source. Said programmable logic board further provides ports for firmware updates, monitoring devices, and diagnostic devices. A lever is reciprocated by an energy transfer pulley that transfers drive force to the liquid end of the apparatus, providing a low friction multiplication of available power. The liquid end of the apparatus is further designed for ease of maintenance to replaceable components with limited life spans.
Claims 1. A liquid pressurization apparatus comprising: a. A transfer pulley component fitted with a threadably attached bearing that connects to a slot in a generally elongated rectangular bar component wherein rotation of the pulley causes a reciprocating motion to the top of the generally elongated rectangular bar component; b. A generally elongated rectangular bar component that is threadably attached to a mounting block with an intervening bearing, with the location of the mounting block providing a pivot point one fifth of the distance from the bottom of the generally elongated rectangular bar, and four fifths of the distance from the top of the generally elongated rectangular bar; c. A generally elongated rectangular bar component with a bottom end having two triangular contact points perpendicular to the generally elongated rectangular bar, and pointing to the left and right; d. A pressure chamber assembly comprising two pressure chambers pinably attached to a mounting block with sealable ports facing the center of the pressure chamber assembly; e. A plunger retaining assembly comprising a drive portion fitted with roller assemblies that are positioned to receive force from the two triangular contact points located at the bottom of the generally elongated rectangular bar component; f. A plunger retaining assembly comprising a socket left and right for mounting of plungers for delivery in to and out of the pressure chambers. 2. The apparatus in claim 1, wherein the rotation of the transfer pulley component provides a five to one leverage to the triangular contact points located at the bottom of the generally elongated rectangular bar at the top vertical point of a rotation of said transfer pulley, and a minimum four to one leverage at the bottom vertical point of a rotation of said transfer pulley. 3. The apparatus in claim 1, wherein the generally elongated rectangular bar mounting block is permanently attached to the back wall of the rectangular housing to serve as a monument for the alignment of all other internal components of the liquid pressurization apparatus. 4. The apparatus in claim 1, wherein the roller assemblies within the drive portion of the plunger retaining assembly convert an otherwise curved path of force to a straight path for the plungers to travel in and out of the pressure chambers in alignment with the bore within said pressure chambers. 5. The apparatus in claim 1, wherein the plunger retaining assembly can be disassembled with the removal of two threadable elements, allowing replacement of the plungers and access to the threadable seal retainers of the pressure chambers for replacement of the seal components. 6. The apparatus in claim 1, wherein a variety of different diameter plungers and matching internal diameter pressure chambers can be utilized to further optimize energy conservation by matching said plunger and pressure chamber size to the required pressure output and desired volume output. 7. A liquid pressurization apparatus comprising: a. A motion controlled technology motor component that comprises a pulley and drive belt element to deliver rotational drive force to a transfer pulley component fitted with a threadably attached bearing; b. A motor controller and driver board that receives instructions from a programmable logic control board providing pre-programmed firmware routines to adapt the liquid pressurization apparatus to a variety of operating circumstances; c. A programmable logic control board with user input elements to select from a variety of routines stored within firmware of said programmable logic control board; d. A power control module within the programmable logic control board for managing available power from the solar panel and storage batteries within the liquid pressurization apparatus rectangular housing; e. A programmable logic control board having two input/output ports, one for firmware revisions and the other for alternate input/output devices such as timers or remote control devices that may be necessary for certain applications or operating circumstances; f. A programmable logic control board having control elements near the top of the right wall of the rectangular housing for sealable passage through said right wall. 8. The apparatus in claim 7, wherein the pulley mounted on the motion controlled technology motor component is considerably smaller than the pulley that reciprocates the lever, providing lower liquid pressurization volumes for delivery into higher pressures within a flow line or vessel. 9. The apparatus in claim 7, wherein the motion controlled technology motor component is sufficiently spaced from the transfer pulley that reciprocates the lever, to allow replacement of the pulley on the motion controlled technology drive component with a pulley up to an equal diameter of the transfer pulley that reciprocates the lever, providing higher liquid pressurization volumes for delivery into lower pressures within a flow line or vessel. 10. The apparatus in claim 7, wherein the programmable logic control boards capabilities include processing step position and amperage data from the motor controller and driver board, allowing the programmable logic control board to initialize sub routines within the firmware when pre-programmed limits are exceeded. 11. The apparatus in claim 7, wherein the input elements near the top of the right wall of the rectangular housing comprises sealable passage through said right wall and provide externally adjustable control of the liquid pressurization apparatus. 12. The apparatus in claim 7, wherein the power control module within the programmable logic control board monitor's available power from the solar panel in conjunction with the condition of the two banks of batteries, switching said two banks of batteries in and out of charge and service modes to maintain maximum storage of available power. 13. The apparatus in claim 7, wherein the programmable logic control board input/output port for alternate input/output devices is used for connection of a system diagnostic device. 14. A liquid pressurization apparatus comprising: a. A rectangular housing that incorporates a solar panel as the front wall of the enclosure; b. A hinge fixture at the top of said solar panel and top front of rectangular housing to allow access to internal components of the liquid pressurization apparatus; c. A rectangular housing that houses all components required to operate the liquid pressurization apparatus; d. A rectangular housing fitted with extendable adjustable leg fixtures threadably attached to the left and right side walls of the rectangular housing; e. A lower portion of the rectangular housing that forms a containment area below the pressure chamber assembly when the liquid pressurization apparatus is positioned for operation; f. A rectangular housing constructed of corrosion resistant sheet metal of a gauge capable of mounting and supporting the internal components of the liquid pressurization apparatus. 15. The apparatus in claim 14, wherein the solar panel is sealably attached to the rectangular housing to protect electronic components therein. 16. The apparatus in claim 14, wherein the solar panel component sealably hinged to the top front wall of the rectangular housing is lifted at the bottom edge, pivoting at said hinge attachment for access to input/output ports of the programmable logic control board and other internal components of the liquid pressurization apparatus. 17. The apparatus in claim 14, wherein the incoming atmospheric pressure liquid conveyance tube, and the out going higher pressure conveyance tube, are the only external connections required to operate the liquid pressurization apparatus. 18. The apparatus in claim 14, wherein extendable support fixtures threadably attached to the left and right walls of the rectangular housing allow positioning of the liquid pressurization apparatus for maximum exposure of the solar panel front wall to sunlight. 19. The apparatus in claim 14, wherein the containment area below the pressure chamber assembly will contain seepage from the plunger seals within said pressure chamber assembly as the plunger elements of the plunger retainer assembly pass sealably in and out of the pressure chamber components of said pressure chamber assembly. 20. The apparatus in claim 14, wherein the gauge of the corrosion resistant sheet metal construction of the rectangular housing supports the mechanical forces of the liquid pressurization apparatus while maintaining the preferred light weight, easily transportable, unitized design of the liquid pressurization apparatus. 