A concentrating solar system has multiple receivers, in some embodiments mounted on multiple towers, on which solar energy is concentrating using heliostats. At least some heliostats are controlled such that they may direct energy onto different receivers to achieve any of various control goals, such as temperature or flux uniformity of the receiver. In preferred embodiments, the receivers or receiver portions are fluidly connected in stages such that there are high temperature targets, e.g., superheated receivers or portions, and low temperature targets, e.g. evaporating receivers or targets. By doing so, it is possible to selectively control heliostats to track for directing energy on the targets to, for example, achieve temperature uniformity of the high temperature target by selecting heliostats for that control goal under varying circumstances.
Claims 1. A solar energy collection system comprising: one or more first towers and one or more second towers, each first tower supporting a first receiver and each second tower supporting a second receiver, each second receiver configured to generate steam using energy from radiation incident thereon, each first receiver receiving the generated steam from one or more second receivers and superheating the steam using energy from radiation incident thereon; a plurality of heliostat-mounted mirrors, each second tower being assigned a respective subset of the plurality of heliostat-mounted mirrors, each heliostat-mounted mirror in the respective subset directing incident solar radiation onto the second receiver in the assigned second tower; and a controller configured to control the plurality of heliostat-mounted mirrors, wherein the controller is capable of changing the assignment of heliostat-mounted mirrors in each said subset so as to redirect incident solar radiation onto the first receiver of the one or more first towers so as to maintain a predetermined state of the first receiver. 2. The solar energy collection system of claim 1, wherein the predetermined state includes a ratio of incident solar radiation directed onto the first receiver in the one or more first towers to incident solar radiation directed onto the second receiver in the one or more second towers. 3. The solar energy collection system of claim 1, wherein the predetermined state includes a uniform temperature on surfaces of each first receiver. 4. The solar energy collection system of claim 1, wherein the predetermined state includes a uniform heat flux on surfaces of each first receiver. 5. The solar energy collection system of claim 1, wherein the predetermined state includes a temperature profile on surfaces of each first receiver. 6. The solar energy collection system of claim 1, wherein the predetermined state includes a heat flux profile on surfaces of each first receiver. 7. The solar energy collection system of claim 1, wherein each first receiver operates at a higher temperature than each second receiver. 8. The solar energy collection system of claim 1, further comprising a turbine electric power plant configured to use the superheated steam from the first receiver of the one or more first towers. 9. The solar energy collection system of claim 8, wherein the one or more first towers are arranged closer to the turbine electric power plant than the one or more second towers. 10. The solar energy collection system of claim 1, wherein each first tower is assigned a different respective subset of the plurality of heliostat-mounted mirrors, each heliostat in the different respective subset directing incident solar radiation onto the first receiver in the assigned first tower. 11. The solar energy collection system of claim 10, wherein the controller is capable of changing the configuration of each said different subset to direct incident solar radiation onto or away from the respective first receiver. 12. The solar energy collection system of claim 1, comprising a monitoring system configured to monitor the state of the first receiver in the one or more first towers, wherein the controller uses the information from said monitoring system to determine changes in the configuration of each said subset. 13. A solar power system, comprising: at least one central receiver with at least two receiver portions defining at least two respective targets; heliostats arranged in a two-dimensional pattern and configurable such that each can track the apparent diurnal and trans-seasonal movement of the sun to direct sunlight onto an assigned one of the targets; the targets being located at different locations; at least some of the heliostats being configured to move in two dimensions to direct sun onto a first assigned one of the targets and on a second assigned one of the targets; a controller configured to select a heliostat and change its assigned target responsively to real time insolation data. 14. The system of claim 13, further comprising insolation level sensors arranged to detect respective levels of light captured by respective ones of the heliostats, the insolation level sensors outputting the real time insolation data. 15. The system of claim 13, wherein the at least one central receiver includes at least two receivers, a first of the at least two receivers having a first operating temperature and a second of the at least two receivers having a second operating temperature, the first temperature being higher than the second. 16. The system of claim 13, wherein the at least one central receiver includes at least two receivers, a first of the at least two receivers having a first operating temperature and a second of the at least two receivers having a second operating temperature, the first temperature being higher than the second; the first and second receivers having respective surfaces to which solar energy is incident; the controller being configured to assign heliostats to achieve uniform temperature over the first receiver surface at the expense of uniformity of temperature over the second receiver surface. 17. A method of controlling a central solar concentrating energy system, comprising: at a first time, determining the amount of energy directable by each of a plurality of heliostats onto each of at least two targets located at different positions; the targets including heat exchangers configured to heat a working fluid and power a generator; at a first time aiming each of the plurality of heliostats on a first respective one of the at least two targets responsively to a result of the determining; repeating the determining at a second time; at the second time, aiming at least one of the plurality of heliostats aimed in the first aiming on a second, different respective one of the at least two targets. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein the determining includes measuring respective rates of insolation on each of the plurality of heliostats or groups thereof. 19. The method of claim 17, wherein the at least two targets are located on separate towers. 20. The method of claim 17, wherein the first respective one of the at least two targets has a higher operating temperature than the second respective one of the at least two targets. 21. The method of claim 17, wherein the first respective one of the at least two targets has a higher operating temperature than the second respective one of the at least two targets and further comprising determining a uniformity of temperature or energy flux on the first receiver, wherein the second aiming is responsive to the determining a uniformity. 22. The method of claim 17, wherein the first respective one of the at least two targets has a higher operating temperature than the second respective one of the at least two targets and further comprising measuring a uniformity of temperature or energy flux on the first receiver, wherein the second aiming is responsive to the measuring a uniformity. 23. A method for controlling heliostat-mounted mirrors in a solar energy collection system, the solar energy collection system including a first receiver, a second receiver, and a plurality of heliostat-mounted reflectors, the first receiver having more stringent operating criteria than the second receiver, each heliostat-mounted reflector assigned to one of the first receiver or the second receiver such that the heliostat-mounted reflector directs incident solar radiation onto the assigned first or second receiver, the method comprising the steps of: observing a state of the first receiver; comparing the observed state to a predetermined state for the first receiver, the predetermined state being related to the operating criteria for the first receiver; and changing the assignment of at least a portion of the plurality of heliostat-mounted mirrors based on the comparing. 24. The method of claim 23, wherein the predetermined state includes a predetermined temperature profile of a surface of the first receiver. 25. The method of claim 23, wherein the predetermined state includes a predetermined heat flux profile on a surface of the first receiver. 26. The method of claim 23, wherein the first receiver operates at a higher temperature than the second receiver. 