A probe for temporarily electrically contacting a solar cell for testing purposes, has at least one elastic, electrically conductive contact element for producing the electrical contact, at least one reference sensor for indicating a distance of the contact element to an external reference surface using an electrical signal of the reference sensor, and a mounting plane to which the tip of the contact element is oriented. The probe ensures a secure electrical contact of the solar cell in a testing station with minimal mechanical stress, and is also suitable for use in an industrial continuous production method.
Claims 1. A probe for temporarily electrically contacting a solar cell for testing purposes, comprising at least one elastic, electrically conductive contact element for producing electrical contact with the solar cell, at least one reference sensor for indicating a distance of the at least one contact element to an external reference surface using an electrical signal of the at least one reference sensor, and a mounting plane to which a tip of the at least one contact element is oriented. 2. The probe according to claim 1, wherein the at least one contact element comprises a plurality of contact elements situated adjacent to one another in such a manner that tips of the contact elements lie in a contact plane, the contact elements being connected in parallel and the at least one reference sensor being situated, for indicating an inclination of the contact plane to a surface of the solar cell. 3. The probe according to claim 2, wherein the at least one reference sensor comprises two reference sensors situated at a distance to one another to indicate an inclination of the contact plane to the surface of the solar cell. 4. The probe according to claim 1, wherein the probe further comprises a mount for pivotable connection of the probe. 5. The probe according to claim 4, wherein the mount has bearings in a type and number such that the probe is connectable in a statically determined manner to a contacting device, so that number of reactions of the probe in the bearings is equal to number of degrees of freedom of the probe. 6. The probe according to claim 1, wherein the at least one contact element comprises an electrically conductive bending spring situated at an acute angle to the contact plane. 7. The probe according to claim 6, wherein the at least one contact element comprises multiple similar contact elements, and some of the contact elements are situated in an orientation opposite to remaining contact elements in relation to a virtual straight line perpendicular to the contact plane. 8. The probe according to claim 2, wherein the at least one contact element comprises two contact elements situated on two diametrically opposing lateral surfaces of a bar. 9. The probe according to claim 8, wherein the bar at least sectionally has a trapezoidal cross-section. 10. The probe according to claim 1, wherein the at least one contact element comprises an elastically deformable, electrically conductive plastic body. 11. The probe according to claim 1, wherein the at least one reference sensor comprises two elastic, electrically conductor reference elements electrically insulated from the at least one contact element and situated adjacent to the at least one contact element in such a manner that reference and contact elements can be placed adjacent to one another on an electrode terminal of the solar cell. 