A system for monitoring parameters associated with a device, such as current, voltage, power, temperature, energy consumed, moisture, fluid levels and flow, wind speed, identification parameters, and repair history. The system includes the use of hybrid RFID sensor tags including a combination of active, semi-passive, and passive RFID circuits. Hybrid tags are attached to electrical system components. Standalone electrical components and generators and those connected to the electrical grid may be monitored. Data collected and stored in the hybrid tags may be accessed via a wireless communication link between hybrid tags and either active scanners or a passive interrogators. The data collected and processed from the hybrid tags may be provided to a user via the Internet or another wired or wireless communication network.
Claims 1. An RFID system comprising: a hybrid sensor tag, comprising an active RFID circuit and a passive RFID circuit, the active RFID circuit being communicatively coupled to the passive RFID circuit; an interrogator, operative to wirelessly communicate with the passive RFID circuit; and a scanner, operative to wirelessly communicate with the active RFID circuit, wherein the passive RFID circuit is operative to enable the active RFID circuit when the active RFID circuit is in a sleep mode. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the scanner is operative to exchange data with the active RFID circuit across a star or mesh network. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the interrogator is a mobile device. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the hybrid sensor tag further comprises a sensor that is communicatively linked to the active RFID circuit and operative to monitor a parameter associated with a component. 5. The system of claim 4, wherein the sensor is operative to monitor energy delivered to a load. 6. The system of claim 4, wherein the parameter is an environmental parameter. 7. The system of claim 6, wherein the environmental parameter includes at least one of temperature, humidity, and sound. 8. The system of claim 7, wherein the component is one of a building, electrical equipment, a solar panel, and a wind turbine electrical generator. 9. The system of claim 4, wherein the parameter is fluid flow and the component is a pipe. 10. The system of claim 1, wherein the passive circuit is operative to: store information; report wirelessly the information to the interrogator. 11. The system of claim 10, wherein the information includes at least one of identification information, installation detail information, and repair history information. 12. The system of claim 1, wherein the hybrid sensor tag is attached to at least one of a solar panel, an inverter, an electrical transformer, a streetlamp, a power pole, a supply bin, a vehicle, a person, and a tool. 13. The system of claim 1, wherein the interrogator and scanner are connected via a communications link to at least one of a local area network, a wide area network, and a telephone network. 14. The system of claim 5, wherein the active RFID circuit is operative to report energy usage data to the scanner. 15. The system of claim 1, wherein the active RFID circuit is operative to communicate using at least one of IEEE 801.15.4, ZigBee, and 802.11 communication protocol and the passive RFID circuit is operative to communicate using at least one of ISO 18000 and EPC Gen2. 16. The system of claim 4, wherein the hybrid tag further comprises an alarm indicator, operative to signal a status of the monitored parameter. 17. The system of claim 1 where the hybrid tag is further operative to control a light intensity of a light source connected to the hybrid tag. 18. The system of claim 17, wherein the scanner is operative to remotely control the intensity of the light source connected to the hybrid tag. 19. The system of claim 17, wherein the interrogator is operative to remotely control the intensity of the light source connected to the hybrid tag. 20. A hybrid sensor tag comprising: an active RFID circuit, powered by an energy source located within the tag; and a passive RFID circuit, communicatively coupled to the active RFID circuit; wherein the passive RFID circuit is operative to enable the active RFID circuit when the active RFID circuit is in a sleep mode, and wherein the hybrid sensor tag is operative to communicate with RFID nodes. 21. The hybrid sensor tag of claim 20, further comprising an integral power source that powers the active RFID circuit if power from the external energy source is insufficient. 22. The hybrid sensor tag of claim 21, wherein the external energy source is a photovoltaic solar panel. 23. The hybrid sensor tag of claim 21, wherein the external energy source is an AC power grid. 24. The hybrid sensor tag of claim 20, further comprising a memory, and wherein the active RFID circuit and the passive RFID circuit are operative to store data in the memory and retrieve data from the memory. 25. The hybrid sensor tag of claim 24, wherein the active RFID circuit and the passive RFID circuit are operative to access and modify data stored in the memory via a common bus. 26. The hybrid sensor tag of claim 24, wherein the memory is a dual-port digital memory that provides separate data bus connections to the active RFID circuit and the passive RFID circuit. 27. The hybrid sensor tag of claim 20 further comprising a sensor that is communicatively coupled to the active RFID circuit and is operative to monitor an amount of energy delivered to a load. 28. The hybrid sensor tag of claim 20 further comprising a sensor that is communicatively coupled to the active RFID circuit and is operative to monitor an environmental parameter. 29. The hybrid sensor tag of claim 28, wherein the environmental parameter is at least one of temperature, humidity, and sound. 30. The hybrid sensor tag of claim 20 further comprising a sensor that is communicatively coupled to the active RFID circuit and is operative to generate slow scan video images. 31. The hybrid sensor tag of claim 20 further comprising an RF antenna that is electrically coupled to both the passive RFID circuit and the active RFID circuit. 32. The hybrid sensor tag of claim 20, wherein the active RFID circuit and the passive RFID circuit are operative to communicate wirelessly using a frequency in the range of 300 MHz to 10 GHz. 33. A hybrid sensor tag comprising: an active RFID circuit, powered by an energy source located within the tag; and a passive RFID circuit, communicatively coupled to the active RFID circuit; wherein the hybrid sensor tag is operative to communicate with RFID nodes, wherein the passive RFID circuit is operative to repetitively enable the active RFID circuit when the active RFID circuit is in a sleep mode with a predetermined period, and wherein the active RFID circuit is operative to enter the sleep mode after a predetermined period of time elapses after the active circuit is enabled. 34. The hybrid sensor tag of claim 33 further comprising a sensor that is communicatively coupled to the active RFID circuit and is operative to monitor an amount of energy delivered to an electrical power generation device. 35. The hybrid sensor tag of claim 33 further comprising a sensor that is communicatively coupled to the active RFID circuit and is operative to control an electrical power generation device. 36. The hybrid sensor tag of claim 33 further comprising a sensor that is communicatively coupled to the active RFID circuit and is operative to monitor at least one of temperature, humidity, pressure, inclination, a status of a door, and material strain. 37. The hybrid sensor tag of claim 33 further comprising a sensor that is communicatively coupled to the active RFID circuit and is operative to identify and track at least one vehicle. 