Systems and methods are disclosed related to utilization of energy including utilization of latent energy from electricity generating processes. According to one exemplary implementation, steam is produced from thermal energy, such as fossil fuel energy, nuclear energy and solar thermal energy; generating electricity from the steam using a turbine; and directing steam exhausted from the turbine to an absorption chiller or desalination apparatus as a condenser to drive an industrial process therein. In one exemplary implementation the absorption chiller may be an atmospheric control system to produce a gas of a desired temperature such as in an air-conditioning system. In another exemplary implementation the heat exchange apparatus is a desalination system employed to produce water of a desired purity.
Claims 1. A system of utilizing exhaust from a steam turbine generator employed to produce electricity, said system comprising: a solar concentrator to generate heat in a heat transfer fluid; a thermal heat exchanger in thermal communication with said heat transfer fluid to generate steam; a steam turbine in fluid communication with said thermal heat exchanger to receive said steam and produce electricity in response thereto, said steam turbine producing exhaust steam; and an absorption refrigeration system in fluid communication with said steam turbine to receive said exhaust to cool fluids present in said absorption refrigeration system. 2. The system as recited in claim 1 wherein said condenser is an absorption chiller to produce cool gas in response to said absorption chiller receiving said exhaust steam. 3. The system as recited in claim 1 wherein said condenser system is a desalination system. 4. The system as recited in claim 1 further including a steam generator and a valving system in fluid communication with both said steam generator and said turbine generator to selectively place said steam generator in fluid communication with said turbine generator. 5. The system as recited in claim 1 further including a valving system in fluid communication with said turbine generator, said absorption chiller system, and said desalination system to selectively place said exhaust steam in fluid communication with said absorption chiller system and said desalination system. 6. A method of utilizing latent heat from an electricity generator, said method comprising: receiving a heat transfer fluid (HTF) from a thermal energy source; generating electricity from the heat transfer fluid using an electricity generator; and directing heat transfer fluid from an output of the electricity generator to at least one latent heat system for additional energy transfer from the heat transfer fluid to the latent heat system. 7. The method of claim 6 wherein generating electricity from the heat transfer fluid using the electricity generator comprises: receiving the heat transfer fluid from the thermal energy source at a thermal heat exchanger; creating steam in the thermal heat exchanger; and transferring the steam to the electricity generator, wherein the electricity generator is a steam turbine. 8. The method of claim 6 wherein the heat transfer fluid is water and the electricity generator is a steam turbine. 9. The method of claim 6 further comprising returning the heat transfer fluid from an output of the at least one latent heat system to an input of the thermal energy source to create a closed system 10. The method of claim 6 wherein the at least one latent heat system is an absorption chiller. 11. The method of claim 6 wherein the at least one latent heat system is a desalinization apparatus. 12. The method of claim 6 wherein the thermal energy source is one of: fossil fuel thermal energy, nuclear thermal energy, or solar thermal energy. 13. (canceled) 14. The power generation and utilization system of claim 1 wherein the absorption system is a double effect absorption chiller which converts additional thermal energy from the steam into electricity. 15. The power generation and utilization system of claim 1 further comprising an additional heating system which coupled to the steam turbine to receive the steam from the steam turbine, wherein the heating system heats a secondary heating material with thermal energy transferred to the secondary heating material from the steam. 16. The method of claim 26 further comprising: directing steam exhausted from said turbine to an absorption chiller or desalination apparatus system locally as a condenser therein. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein the thermal energy includes one or more of fossil fuel thermal energy, nuclear reactor energy, and/or solar energy. 18. The method as recited in claim 16 wherein direction further includes directing said steam exhausted from said turbine to an atmospheric control system to produce a gas of a desired temperature. 19. The method as recited in claim 16 wherein directing further includes directing said steam exhausted from said turbine to a desalination system to produce water of a desired purity. 20. The method as recited in claim 16 further including monitor steam pressure entering said turbine and directing additional steam from an additional source of steam in a presence of fluctuations in said steam pressure. 21. The method as recited in claim 16 wherein directing further includes concurrently producing said electricity and a gas of a desired temperature. 22. The method as recited in claim 16 wherein directing further includes concurrently producing electricity and cooling a gas with said steam exhausted from said turbine. 23. The method as recited in claim 16 wherein directing further includes selectively directing said steam exhausted from said turbine to one of an air-conditioning system, or a desalination system. 24. The method as recited in claim 16 wherein directing further includes directing steam exhausted from said turbine to an absorption refrigeration system configured to maintain a pressure at an output of said turbine to be less than approximately 3.5 atmospheres. 25. The method as recited in claim 16 wherein directing further includes directing steam exhausted from said turbine to an absorption refrigeration system configured to maintain a pressure at an output of said turbine to be less than one atmosphere. 26. A method of utilizing exhaust from a generator employed to produce electricity, said method comprising: producing steam from thermal energy; generating electricity from said steam using a turbine; selectively directing steam exhausted from said turbine to one or more of an air-conditioning system and a desalination system. 27. The method as recited in claim 26 further including monitor steam pressure entering said turbine and directing additional steam from an additional source of steam in a presence of fluctuations in said steam pressure. 28. The method as recited in claim 26 wherein directing further includes concurrently producing said electricity and a gas of a desired temperature. 29. The method as recited in claim 26 wherein directing further includes concurrently producing electricity and heating and cooling a gas with said steam exhausted form said turbine. 30. The method as recited in claim 26 wherein directing further includes directing steam exhausted from said turbine to an absorption refrigeration system configured to maintain a pressure at an output of said turbine to be less than approximately 3.5 atmospheres. 