A method of characterizing a person's skin imperfections uses a digital color image-taking device to take at least one digital image of an area of skin including at least one imperfection to be characterized. An apparatus for characterizing the imperfections of the skin and a method for measuring the effectiveness of a treatment for skin imperfections use an active cosmetic, dermatological or pharmaceutical agent and further measure the effectiveness of a staining method aiming to attenuate or mask skin imperfections.
Claims 1. A method of characterizing a person's skin imperfections, comprising the following steps: a) using a digital color image-taking device to take at least one digital image of an area of skin including at least one imperfection to be characterized, said image being defined by a multiplicity of pixels, that is transmitted to a digital image processing device; b) dividing up the digital image into three color planes: red, green, blue, called R, G, B, using said image processing device; c) extracting just one of these planes or a combination of these planes; d) detecting an imperfection on the extracted plane or the combination of these planes; e) defining, on said plane or said combination of these planes, an origin point O in relation to said imperfection, and plotting from said origin point O at least a first straight line segment (S1, S2, Sn) passing at least partly through an area of the imperfection; f) defining on said segment (S1, S2, Sn), n points P, denoted P.sub.1, P.sub.2 . . . P.sub.n, n being an integer greater than or equal to 2, at least one of these points, denoted P.sub.1, being situated within the imperfection; g) determining for each duly defined point P, a pair of values (x; y), x being the distance of said point P relative to the origin point O, y being the value of the gray level recorded at said point P; h) placing each point P defined by its pair (x; y) in an orthonormed frame of reference, in which the x axis represents said distances and the y axis represents the gray level, or vice versa; i) for each segment defined at step e), defining, tracing or plotting a straight line, notably by the least squares method, from the different points P.sub.1, to P.sub.n in said orthonormed frame, and calculating the slope of the obtained straight line, in order to characterize the imperfection. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein each point O, P.sub.1, P.sub.2, . . . P.sub.n corresponds to a pixel of the image. 3. The method of claim 1, comprising thresholding the gray levels to determine the edge of the imperfection; and determining the convex envelope of the imperfection to establish the origin point O within said imperfection, before plotting the segment (S1, S2, Sn). 4. The method of claim 1, comprising determining a particular area, called "crown" of the imperfection, denoted (CI), and plotting the inner edge (BIC) and the outer edge (BEC) of said crown, situated either side of the edge (BI) of said imperfection, at a distance defined by the operator corresponding to a selected number of pixels from the edge of the imperfection (BI). 5. The method of claim 4, comprising defining on said first straight line segment a point P.sub.1 situated on the inner edge of the crown (BIC), a point P.sub.2 situated on the edge of the imperfection (BI), and a point P.sub.3 situated on the outer edge of the crown (BEC). 6. The method of claim 1, comprising defining, tracing or plotting, from the origin point O, several other straight line segments distinct from the first segment defined at step e), and passing at least partly through an area of the imperfection; then reproducing the steps f) to i) to obtain as many slope values as there are plotted segments, and calculating the average of the slope values to characterize the imperfection. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein, from a horizontal axis, defining, tracing or plotting said other straight line segments so that each of them forms, with said horizontal axis, a predetermined angle that is a multiple of THETA, said angle THETA being an angle, defined by the operator, greater than zero and less than 360.degree.. 8. The method of claim 7, wherein the horizontal axis is comprises the first straight line segment. 9. The method of claim 7, wherein THETA is a sub-multiple of 360. 10. The method of claim 7, wherein, wherein said angle THETA ranges between 0.1 and 60.degree., in order to plot segments passing through the imperfection, in a sufficient number to characterize well said imperfection, in average. 11. The method of claim 1, comprising extracting the blue color plane. 12. The method of claim 1, comprising enlarging said image obtained by the digital color image-taking device, to enable an operator to better view the skin imperfections and assess the thresholding of the gray levels with which to eliminate the parasitic elements or artefacts. 13. The method of claim 1, comprising selecting a limited surface area of the skin of the person on which the skin imperfections are analyzed over the whole of this surface area. 14. The method of claim 1, wherein the imperfection is selected from the group consisting of: a cutaneous dyschromia in the form of at least one spot of different color from the healthy skin because of an abnormal pigmentation, a photodermatose, a keratose, a senile lentigo or aging spot, a solar lentigo, a persistent effect of burns a skin wound or scar, a spot due to allergic or phototoxic reactions, a dermatitis, a pigmented lesion a depigmented area induced by a leucodermia, a ruga, a wrinkle, a shadow, an area of loose skin, and a skin lesion resulting from an irritation or a cutaneous infection. 15. The method of claim 1, comprising storing one image or a plurality of images of the skin of one and the same person on a digital data storage device. 16. An apparatus for characterizing a person's skin imperfections, comprising: a) a digital color image-taking device for taking at least one digital image of at least one area of skin including at least one imperfection to be characterized, said image being defined by a multiplicity of pixels, that is transmitted to a digital image processing device; b) means for dividing up the digital image into three color planes: red, green, blue, called R, G, B, using said image processing device; c) means for extracting one of these planes or a combination of these planes; d) means for detecting an imperfection on the extracted plane or the combination of these planes; e) means for creating an origin point O in relation to said imperfection, means for plotting at least a first straight line segment passing at least partly through said area containing the imperfection; f) means for creating n points P on said segment, said points being denoted P.sub.1, P.sub.2 . . . P.sub.n, n being an integer greater than or equal to 2, at least one of these points, denoted P.sub.1, being situated within the imperfection; g) means for measuring and storing the distance of said point P relative to the origin point O; means of measuring and storing the gray level at said point P; h) means for transferring the distances and the gray levels measured and stored for each point P, in an orthonormed frame of reference, in which the x axis represents said distances and the y axis the gray level, or vice versa; i) for each segment defined at step e), calculating means for defining, tracing or plotting a straight line from the different points P.sub.1 to P.sub.n in said orthonormed frame, and for calculating the slope of the obtained straight line, in order to characterize the imperfection. 17. The apparatus of claim 16, wherein said calculating means are for defining, tracing or plotting the straight line by the least square method. 18. The apparatus of claim 16, comprising one or more means from: means for selecting points so that each point O, P.sub.1, P.sub.2 . . . P.sub.n corresponds to a pixel of the image, means of taking into account a thresholding of the gray levels, means for determining the convex envelope of the imperfection and of storing an origin point, possibly fixed by the operator, within said convex envelope, before plotting the segment, calculation means for defining, tracing or plotting, from the origin point O, several other straight line segments distinct from the first segment and passing at least partly through an area of the imperfection, then the steps f) to i) to obtain as many gradient values as there are plotted segments, values from which the average is calculated in order to characterize the imperfection, means for enlarging said image obtained by the digital color image-taking device enabling an operator to better view the skin imperfections and assess the thresholding of the gray levels with which to eliminate the parasitic elements or artefacts, extraction means for extracting the blue color plane on which the calculation means perform the abovementioned calculations, means for extracting from said digital image a limited surface area of the skin of the person to be analyzed, on which the calculation means analyze the skin imperfections over the whole of this limited surface area, and notably calculate said parameters and produce said thresholding, means for illuminating the skin surface for which the digital image is being taken, means of storing at least one image or a plurality of images of the skin of one and the same person, on a digital data storage device. 19. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein said calculation means are for defining, tracing or plotting, from the origin point O, a so-called horizontal axis consisting of the first straight line segment plotted, to define, trace or plot the other segments so that each of them forms, with said horizontal axis, a predetermined angle that is a multiple of THETA, said angle THETA being an angle, defined by the operator, greater than zero and less than 360.degree.. 20. The apparatus of claim 16, comprising providing a color image-taking device selected from a digital color photographic camera and a digital color camera, each selected from mono-CCD, DI-CCD and TRI-CCD. 21. The apparatus of claim 16, comprising a computer combined with a monitor comprising a screen, a keyboard and a mouse, and including software incorporating the aboved means including: means for dividing up the digital image into three color planes: red, green, blue, called R, G, B; means for extracting just one of these planes; means for detecting an imperfection on the extracted plane or the combination of these planes; means for creating an origin point O in relation to said imperfection, means for defining, tracing or plotting at least a first straight line segment passing at least partly through said area including the imperfection; means for creating n points P on said segment, said points being denoted P.sub.1, P.sub.2 . . . P.sub.n, n being an integer greater than or equal to 2, at least one of these points being situated within the imperfection; means for measuring and storing the distance of said point P relative to the origin point O; means for measuring and storing the gray level at said point P; means for transferring the distances and the gray levels measured and stored for each point P, in an orthonormed frame of reference, in which the x axis represents said distances and the y axis the gray level, or vice versa; calculating means for defining, tracing or plotting a straight line, and for calculating the slope of the straight line obtained, in order to characterize the imperfection; means for taking into account a thresholding of the gray levels; means for enlarging said image; and means for storing one image or a plurality of images of the skin. 22. A method for measuring the effectiveness of a treatment of skin imperfections using a cosmetic, dermatological or pharmaceutical agent or a cosmetic, dermatological or pharmaceutical composition including said agent, comprising: a) characterizing at least one imperfection according to the method of claim 1; b) after having performed a cosmetic, dermatological or therapeutic treatment of said imperfection using at least one said agent, characterizing the treated imperfection according to the method of claim 1; c) comparing between the two characterizations to determine the effectiveness of said treatment, comparison including the calculation of the slope or of the average of the slopes obtained from the characterization method; d) determining the significant nature of the effectiveness of said treatment with regard to said imperfection, by comparing, using a statistical test, the variations of the slopes or of the averages of the above slopes before and after the treatment. 23. The method of claim 22, wherein the imperfection results from the intrinsic skin ageing, from the extrinsic skin ageing, from a cutaneous dyschromia, from a skin irritation or a skin infection. 24. The method of claim 22, wherein the imperfection is selected from the group consisting of: a cutaneous dyschromia in the form of at least one spot of different color from the healthy skin because of an abnormal pigmentation, a photodermatose, a keratose, a senile lentigo or aging spot, a solar lentigo, a persistent effect of burns a skin wound or scar, a spot due to allergic or phototoxic reactions, a dermatitis, a pigmented lesion a depigmented area induced by a leucodermia, a ruga, a wrinkle, a shadow, an area of loose skin, and a skin lesion resulting from an irritation or a cutaneous infection. 25. The method of claim 22, wherein a significant treatment is obtained when an error probability is less than or equal to 5%. 26. The method of claim 22, wherein the parameters of the second image of the same area of skin obtained after treatment are compared against the parameters of the first skin image before treatment. 27. The method of claim 22, wherein the effectiveness of an active cosmetic or dermatological agent or of a cosmetic or dermatological composition including said active agent is assessed over a panel of people from a group representative of a given age category, to determine the significance of the effectiveness of said active agent or of said composition with respect to said skin imperfection. 28. A method for measuring the effectiveness of the attenuation or the masking of skin imperfections, by a cosmetic staining composition, comprising: taking at least one first digital image, before applying the staining composition, of at least one predetermined area of skin in order to determine the reference parameters of the skin before the application of the staining composition while taking into account at least the slope or the average of the above slopes as determined according to the method of claim 1; taking at least one second image after the staining composition is applied, and the same parameters are determined according to the method of claim 1; comparing the parameters of the second image of the same area of skin obtained after treatment against the parameters of the first skin image before treatment. 