An apparatus and method provides for managing solar power to a LED illumination device such as a street sign so that the power from a power storage device is monitored and variations in applied power to the LED device can be dynamically made to preserve power or increase power as appropriate. A controller may control the power management based on preprogrammed time periods, environmental factors, and solar availability. Historical tracking of available power may provide a basis for computing available power.
Claims 1. An apparatus for providing and managing solar generated power, comprising: at least one photo voltaic (PV) panel configured to produce electrical power from sunlight; a power storage device configured to store power from the at least one PV panel; at least one light emitting diode (LED) illumination component configured to be powered by the stored power; and a controller configured to control the power from the power storage device to the LED illumination component based at least in part on an environmental condition, wherein the power to the LED illumination device is pulse width modulated thereby decreasing power consumption to the LED illumination component. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein each of the at least one LED illumination component comprises a plurality of LEDs arranged in electrical series. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the controller is configured to increase applied voltage to the at least one LED illumination component and monitor a feedback signal from the at least one LED illumination component for setting an optimal voltage level to the at least one LED illumination component. 4. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein the feedback signal is indicative that the applied voltage is sufficient to bias a constant current on the at least one LED illumination component. 5. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein the controller maintains the applied voltage at a present value based on the feedback signal changing value. 6. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein the applied voltage is a level in the range of about 16 volts to about 19 volts. 7. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein the applied voltage is boosted from a voltage level supplied by the power storage device. 8. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the environmental condition includes at least one of temperature, fog, light pollution, or ambient light levels. 9. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the controller is further configured to control the power to the LED illumination component based on preprogrammed timed periods. 10. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the controller monitors power consumption to the LED illumination component and alters power to the LED illumination component based upon available power. 11. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the controller alters the frequency of the pulse width modulated power to change the effective operational power to the LED illumination component. 12. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a housing to house the at least one light emitting diode (LED) illumination component, the at least one light emitting diode (LED) illumination component providing backlight to illuminate a sign. 13. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising one of: a communication interface for programming the controller and an interface for an external power source for charging the power storage device. 14. A device that includes the apparatus of claim 1. 15. A method for providing and managing solar generated power, comprising the steps of: providing at least one photo voltaic (PV) panel configured to produce electrical power from sunlight; providing a power storage device configured to store power from the at least one PV panel; providing at least one light emitting diode (LED) illumination component configured to be powered by the stored power; and providing a controller configured to control the power from the power storage device to the LED illumination component based at least in part on an environmental condition, wherein the power to the LED illumination device is pulse width modulated thereby decreasing power consumption to the LED illumination component. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein the step of providing at least one LED illumination device includes providing a plurality of LEDs arranged in electrical series. 17. The method of claim 15, wherein the step of providing a controller provides a controller configured to increase applied voltage to the at least one LED illumination component and monitor a feedback signal from the at least one LED illumination component for setting an optimal voltage level to the at least one LED illumination component. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein the feedback signal is indicative that the applied voltage is sufficient to bias a constant current on the at least one LED illumination component. 19. The method of claim 15, wherein the step of providing a controller provides a controller that maintains the applied voltage at a present value based on the feedback signal changing value. 20. The method of claim 15 wherein the applied voltage is a level in the range of about 16 volts to about 19 volts. 21. The method of claim 15, wherein the environmental condition includes at least one of a temperature condition, a fog condition, a light pollution condition, or an ambient light level condition. 22. The method of claim 15 further comprising controlling the applied power to the LED illumination component based on a preprogrammed timed period. 23. The method of claim 15, further comprising altering the frequency of the pulse width modulated power to change effective operational power to the LED illumination component. 24. A device constructed according to the method of claim 15. 25. An apparatus for providing and managing solar generated power, comprising: at least one photo voltaic (PV) panel configured to produce electrical power from sunlight; a power storage device configured to store power from the at least one PV panel; at least one light emitting diode (LED) component configured to be powered by the stored power; and a controller configured to control the power from the power storage device to the LED illumination component based on at least one of pre-programmed periods or available power, wherein the power to the LED illumination device is pulse width modulated thereby decreasing power consumption to the LED illumination component. 26. The apparatus of claim 25, wherein the controller increases a voltage level to the at least one LED component until a feedback signal is received thereby stopping and maintaining the voltage level at a constant value. 27. The apparatus of claim 25, wherein the controller alters a frequency of the pulse width modulated power to increase or decrease effective operational power to the LED illumination component. 28. The apparatus of claim 25, wherein the controller tracks power maximum usage and power minimum usage to approximate sunrise or sunset. 