A method for controlling output from a photovoltaic array comprises changing electrical connections between photovoltaic panels in the array in response to changes in parameters related to a selected power transfer objective. Examples of power transfer objectives include matching array impedance to changes in electrical load impedance, outputting power at a maximum power point value, and maintaining array output voltage within the input voltage range of an inverter during changes in temperature, illumination, or other parameters affecting photovoltaic panel output. Photovoltaic panels adapted for reconfigurable electrical connections to other photovoltaic panels, referred to as intelligent nodes, are electrically interconnected according to the disclosed method in combinations of serial and parallel circuits selected according to measured and calculated values of parameters related to the selected power transfer objective. A photovoltaic array operating in accord with the disclosed method may be rapidly reconfigured to adapt to changes in measured parameters or changes from one power transfer objective to another.
Claims 1. A method for configuring electrical connections between intelligent nodes in a photovoltaic array, comprising: selecting a power transfer objective; assigning values for one or more parameters related to the power transfer objective; connecting the intelligent nodes in a first combination of serial and parallel electrical circuits selected according to the power transfer objective and the values of the parameters; and measuring an amount of change in one or more of the parameters related to the power transfer objective. 2. The method for configuring electrical connections between intelligent nodes in a photovoltaic array of claim 1, further comprising: determining if a measured amount of change in a parameter related to the power transfer objective correlates to a change of photovoltaic array configuration; and connecting the intelligent nodes in a new combination of serial and parallel electrical circuits selected according to the power transfer objective and the measured amount of change in the parameter. 3. The method for configuring electrical connections between intelligent nodes in a photovoltaic array of claim 2, wherein the step of selecting a power transfer objective further comprises selecting an objective of outputting a voltage from the photovoltaic array that is within the input voltage range of an inverter. 4. The method for configuring electrical connections between intelligent nodes in a photovoltaic array of claim 3, wherein the step of assigning values to one or more parameters related the power transfer objective further comprises the step of computing a table of photovoltaic array output voltage values related to selected combinations of serial and parallel connections between intelligent nodes in a configurable photovoltaic array. 5. The method for configuring electrical connections between intelligent nodes in a photovoltaic array of claim 4, wherein the step of assigning values to one or more parameters related the power transfer objective further comprises the steps of: obtaining values for the input voltage range of an inverter; and selecting a baseline configuration for the photovoltaic array corresponding to a combination of serial and parallel electrical circuits having an output voltage within the input voltage range of the inverter. 6. The method for configuring electrical connections between intelligent nodes in a photovoltaic array of claim 5, further comprising the step of normalizing the table of photovoltaic array output voltage values to an output voltage value for the selected baseline configuration. 7. The method for configuring electrical connections between intelligent nodes in a photovoltaic array of claim 2, wherein the step of selecting a power transfer objective further comprises selecting an objective of equalizing photovoltaic array impedance and load impedance. 8. The method for configuring electrical connections between intelligent nodes in a photovoltaic array of claim 7, wherein the step of assigning values to one or more parameters related to the power transfer objective further comprises calculating values of impedance for selected combinations of serial and parallel connections between intelligent nodes in a configurable photovoltaic array. 9. The method for configuring electrical connections between intelligent nodes in a photovoltaic array of claim 8, wherein the step of assigning values to one or more parameters related the power transfer objective further comprises the steps of: obtaining a value for load impedance; and selecting a baseline configuration for the photovoltaic array corresponding to a combination of serial and parallel electrical circuits having a calculated value of impedance closer to the value of load impedance than the values of impedance calculated for other combinations. 10. The method for configuring electrical connections between intelligent nodes in a photovoltaic array of claim 9, further comprising the step of normalizing the calculated values of impedance to a value of impedance for the selected baseline configuration. 11. The method for configuring electrical connections between intelligent nodes in a photovoltaic array of claim 2, wherein the step of selecting a power transfer objective further comprises selecting an objective of outputting electrical power from a photovoltaic array at a maximum power point. 12. The method for configuring electrical connections between intelligent nodes in a photovoltaic array of claim 11, wherein the step of assigning values to one or more parameters related to the power transfer objective further comprises calculating values of photovoltaic array output voltage for selected combinations of serial and parallel electrical connections between intelligent nodes in a configurable photovoltaic array. 13. The method for configuring electrical connections between intelligent nodes in a photovoltaic array of claim 12, wherein the step of assigning values to one or more parameters related to the power transfer objective further comprises the step of assigning a target value for photovoltaic array output current. 14. The method for configuring electrical connections between intelligent nodes in a photovoltaic array of claim 13, wherein the step of assigning values to one or more parameters related to the power transfer objective further comprises the step of specifying reference conditions for incident illumination and temperature. 15. The method for configuring electrical connections between intelligent nodes in a photovoltaic array of claim 14, wherein the target value for photovoltaic array output current is related to the specified reference conditions for incident illumination and temperature. 16. The method for configuring electrical connections between intelligent nodes in a photovoltaic array of claim 15, wherein the step of assigning values to one or more parameters related to the power transfer objective further comprises the steps of: determining a value for a maximum power point related to the target value for photovoltaic array output current; and determining a value for photovoltaic array output voltage at the maximum power point. 17. The method for configuring electrical connections between intelligent nodes in a photovoltaic array of claim 16, wherein the step of assigning values to one or more parameters related to the power transfer objective further comprises the step of selecting a baseline configuration for the photovoltaic array corresponding to a combination of serial and parallel electrical circuits having a value of photovoltaic array output voltage closer to the photovoltaic array output voltage at the maximum power point than the values of photovoltaic array output voltage calculated for other combinations. 18. The method for configuring electrical connections between intelligent nodes in a photovoltaic array of claim 17, wherein the step of assigning values to one or more parameters related to the power transfer objective further comprises the step of normalizing the calculated values of photovoltaic array output voltage to the value of photovoltaic array output voltage for the selected baseline configuration. 19. The method for configuring electrical connections between intelligent nodes in a photovoltaic array of claim 18, wherein the step of measuring an amount of change in one or more of the parameters related to the power transfer objective further comprises the steps of: measuring a new value of photovoltaic array output current; determining a value for a new maximum power point related to the new value of photovoltaic array output current; and determining a new value of photovoltaic array output voltage at the value of the new maximum power point. 20. The method for configuring electrical connections between intelligent nodes in a photovoltaic array of claim 19, wherein the step of determining if a measured amount of change in a parameter related to the power transfer objective correlates to a change of photovoltaic array configuration further comprises the steps of: determining a magnitude of change in the value of the maximum power point; and determining if the magnitude of change in the value of the maximum power point correlates with another photovoltaic array configuration. 