A transducer system includes a plurality of transducer elements formed on a flexible substrate with localized circuit elements and interconnects associated with each transducer element.
Claims 1. An accessory for sports equipment comprising: a plurality of transducer elements formed on a flexible substrate, localized circuit elements associated with each of said plurality of transducer elements and a plurality of interconnects associated with said localized circuit elements; said accessory affixed with said sports equipment. 2. The accessory of claim 1, wherein said accessory is removable from said sports equipment. 3. The accessory of claim 1, wherein said accessory supplies sensory data from said sports equipment. 4. A modified article of sports equipment comprising: an unmodified article of sports equipment, a plurality of transducer elements formed on a flexible substrate connected with said unmodified article of sports equipment, localized circuit elements associated with each of said plurality of transducer elements and a plurality of interconnects associated with said localized circuit elements. 5. The modified article of sports equipment of claim 4, wherein said unmodified article of sports equipment is selected from the group consisting of balls, bats, clubs, boxing gloves, hoops, nets, backboards, sports fields, sports courts and baseball bases. 6. A fault tolerant transducer system comprising: a plurality of transducer elements formed on a flexible substrate, localized circuit elements associated with each of said plurality of transducer elements and a plurality of interconnects associated with said localized circuit elements wherein the cellular form of said transducer system permits failure of one or more cells within said transducer system without disabling operation of entire said transducer system. 7. A sensor system for a tire comprising: a plurality of transducer elements formed on a flexible substrate, localized circuit elements associated with each of said plurality of transducer elements and a plurality of interconnects associated with said localized circuit elements, said transducer elements transducing sensory information relating to functional parameters of said tire. 8. An instrumented tire wherein the improvement comprises a plurality of transducer elements formed on a flexible substrate, localized circuit elements associated with each of said plurality of transducer elements and a plurality of interconnects associated with said localized circuit elements said flexible substrate, said localized circuit elements and said interconnects integrated with said tire. 9. A method for fabricating a portion of transducer matrix film comprising: providing a substrate for said transducer matrix film and connecting elements of said transducer matrix film with said substrate via processes selected from the group consisting of forming, printing, stamping, depositing, patterning, exposing, etching and bonding. 10. A control system for a semiconductor processing machine comprising a plurality of transducer elements formed on a flexible substrate, localized circuit elements associated with each of said plurality of transducer elements and a plurality of interconnects associated with said localized circuit elements wherein said flexible substrate is connected with a carrier or platen. 11. A transducer system comprising: a plurality of transducer elements formed on a flexible substrate, localized circuit elements associated with each of said plurality of transducer elements and a plurality of interconnects associated with said localized circuit elements, said transducer system powered via at least one of the sources selected from the group consisting of piezoelectric sources, thermoelectric sources, photovoltaics, batteries, capacitors, electroactive polymers, photovoltaic textiles, RF power, energy harvesting, inertia systems and nanogenerators. 12. A control system for a photovoltaic system comprising: a plurality of transducer elements formed on a flexible substrate, localized circuit elements associated with each of said plurality of transducer elements and a plurality of interconnects associated with said localized circuit elements, said control system connected with and monitoring said photovoltaic system. 13. A control system for a fluid-dynamic system comprising: a plurality of transducer elements formed on a flexible substrate, localized circuit elements associated with each of said plurality of transducer elements and a plurality of interconnects associated with said localized circuit elements, said transducer system connected with and monitoring said fluid-dynamic system wherein said fluid-dynamic system is selected from the group consisting of wind turbines, propellers, fans, air movers and duct systems. 14. A control system for a vehicle comprising: a plurality of transducer elements formed on a flexible substrate, localized circuit elements associated with each of said plurality of transducer elements and a plurality of interconnects associated with said localized circuit elements, said transducer system connected with and controlling at least one subsystem of said vehicle. 15. The control system of claim 14, wherein said flexible substrate, localized circuit elements and said interconnects are integrated with a tire of said vehicle. 16. The control system of claim 14, wherein said subsystem is selected from the group consisting of alignment subsystems, cooling subsystems and suspension subsystems. 17. The control system of claim 14, wherein said subsystem is actively controlled using data from said transducer elements. 18. A sensor system for a surface comprising: a plurality of transducer elements formed on a flexible substrate, localized circuit elements associated with each of said plurality of transducer elements and a plurality of interconnects associated with said localized circuit elements, said transducer system integrated with said surface and providing sensory information. 19. The sensor system of claim 18 wherein said sensory information is used for at least one of navigation, security, presence detection, traffic flow analysis, workplace time studies and object tracking. 20. The sensor system of claim 18 wherein said sensor system is integrated with at least one of a building floor, a wall, a door, a swimming pool deck, a door and a floor covering. 