A decorative item 112 for mounting to a container 10 includes an electrical circuit 120 and a structure 122. The electrical circuit 120 is self contained and includes accumulation means 124, a light source 126, and a solar power connector 128. The structure 122 is arranged to support the light source 126. The item includes a mounting 130 for mounting to the container 10. The invention also provides a method of displaying decorative material which includes the steps of providing a container 10 defining an interior 20, locating a first seasonal decorative material in the interior 20, installing the container 10 in a public place, after a first predetermined time period, removing the first material and locating a second seasonal decorative material in the interior 20.
Claims 1. A decorative item for mounting to a container, the item including an electrical circuit and a structure, the electrical circuit being self contained and including accumulation means, a light source, and a solar power collector, the structure being arranged to support the light source, the item including a mounting for mounting to the container. 2. An item according to claim 1, in which the decorative item is removably mountable to the container. 3. An item according to claim 12 in which the mounting includes a base, which is shaped to correspond to the shape or a feature of the container. 4. (canceled) 5. An item according to claim 1, in which the accumulation means includes a battery, which is charged by the solar power collector. 6. (canceled) 7. An item according to claim 1, in which the solar power collector includes a solar panel, which is supported by the structure. 8. An item according to claim 1, in which the light source is a light emitting diode (LED). 9. (canceled) 10. An item according to claim 1, in which the accumulation means includes a battery, which is charged by the solar power collector, and the circuit includes a controller, which controls the operation of the light source or sources, and the charging of the accumulation means. 11. (canceled) 12. An item according to claim 1, in which the structure is in the form of a Christmas tree or other seasonal decorative item. 13. A decorative assembly, the decorative assembly including a container, a decorative item mountable to the container, and a first bracket for mounting the container to a support, the decorative item including an electrical circuit and a structure, the electrical circuit being self contained and including accumulation means, a light source, and a solar power collector, the structure being arranged to support the light source, the item including a mounting for mounting to the container. 14. An assembly according to claim 13, in which the container is a plant container. 15. An assembly according to claim 13, in which the container includes a second bracket which is mountable to the first bracket. 16. An assembly according to claim 13, in which the the container includes a second bracket which is mountable to the first bracket, and the first and second brackets are arranged to be mountable together to an engaged position by mutual relative movement of the first and second brackets in a first direction, and movable from the engaged position to a locked position by a mutual relevant movement of the first and second brackets in a second direction, the second direction being different to the first direction, the first and second brackets being arranged so that, in the locked position, mutual relative movement of the first and second brackets in a direction substantially opposite to the first direction is substantially prevented. 17. An assembly according to claim 13, in which the decorative assembly includes a pair of similar containers, a pair of similar decorative items each of which is mountable to one of the containers, and a pair of similar first brackets which are arrangeable to mount the containers to a common support. 18. An item according to claim 13, in which the decorative assembly includes a pair of similar containers, a pair of similar decorative items each of which is mountable to one of the containers, and a pair of similar first brackets which are arrangeable to mount the containers to a common support, and the containers together extend substantially completely around the support. 19. A method of displaying decorative material, the method including the steps of: a. providing a container defining an interior b. locating a first seasonal decorative material in the interior c. installing the container in a public place d. after a first predefined time period, removing the first material and e. locating a second seasonal decorative material in the interior. 20-21. (canceled) 22. A method according to claim 19, in which the container is a plant container, at least one of the first or second materials is inanimate, and the other includes animate plant material. 23. A method according according to claim 19, in which the method includes the steps of providing a first bracket, installing the first bracket in a public place and mounting the container to the first bracket. 24. A method according to claim 19, in which the method includes the steps of providing a first bracket, installing the first bracket in a public place and mounting the container to the first bracket, and the method includes the step of providing a first container and a second container, the first container including the first decorative material and the second container including the second decorative material, the containers being mountable to and demountable from the first bracket in sequence. 25. (canceled) 26. A method according to claim 19, in which the container is a plant container, at least one of the first or second materials is inanimate, and the other includes animate plant material, and the inanimate decorative material is in the form of a decorative item, and the decorative item includes an electrical circuit and a structure, the electrical circuit being self contained and including accumulation means, a light source, and a solar power collector, the structure being arranged to support the light source, the item including a mounting for mounting to the container. 27-31. (canceled) 