An apparatus for power supply to electronic, electrical or electromechanical equipment, the apparatus including a chargeable power source in the form of at least one high energy capacitor package (1); equipment control unit (3) for controlling power supply to the equipment, a power source control unit (2) for controlled charging and discharging of the power source, and a means (4; 10'; 11'; 12') for power supply from an external energy source (10; 11; 12) to the power source control unit (2).
Claims 1-17. (canceled) 18. An apparatus for power supply to electronic, electrical or electromechanical equipment, the apparatus comprising: a chargeable power source; a power source control unit for monitoring and controlled charging of the power source; a means for power supply from an external energy source to the power supply control unit; and an equipment control unit for controlling power supply from the power source to the equipment, wherein the chargeable power source consists of at least one high-energy capacitor package, wherein the chargeable power source is placed in a pressure-tight container which has an internal pressure that differs from the ambient pressure, and wherein the equipment control unit is arranged to output energy from the power source to the equipment in the form of a pulse train, where the energy in each output pulse is approximately the same. 19. An apparatus according to claim 18, wherein the equipment control unit is configured to receive energy supply only from the chargeable power source, irrespective of whether external power supply for charging of the power source is available or not. 20. An apparatus according to claim 18, wherein placement of the power source in a pressure-tight container is chosen from the group of: placement in a pressure-compensated housing which in addition holds the equipment control unit and the power source control unit, placement at a distance from a housing which holds the equipment control unit and the power source control unit, placement in the of both the power source and power source control unit in the same pressure-tight container, the equipment control unit and said equipment being mounted in a common pressure-compensated housing, and placement of the power source, the equipment control unit and the power source control unit in the same pressure-tight container, said equipment being placed externally in relation to the container. 21. An apparatus according to claim 18, 19 or 20, wherein the pressure in the container is about 1 atm. 22. An apparatus according to claim 18, 19 or 20, wherein the equipment comprises an actuator for controlling a functional means. 23. An apparatus according to claim 22, wherein the actuator is an electric motor. 24. An apparatus according to claim 18, wherein said means for external power supply further comprises a power transmission connector connectable between an external power source and the power source control unit, said connector selectable from the group of: contactless type, inductive type and water-tight connector type. 25. An apparatus according to claim 18 or 24, wherein the external energy source is at least one of: a wind power generator, a solar energy panel, a water-driven mini-turbine generator and a wave power generator. 26. Usage of an apparatus according to claim 18, 19, or 20 in a sub-sea environment for power supply to an actuator arranged to operate controllable sub-sea installation equipment. 27. Usage of a chargeable, high-energy capacitor package in a sub-sea environment for power supply to an actuator arranged to operate controllable sub-sea installation equipment. 28. Usage of an apparatus according to claim 18, 19, or 20 at an installation in a hard-to-reach land-based environment or terrain for power supply to electronic, electrical or electromechanical equipment thereat. 29. Usage of a chargeable, high-energy capacitor package at an installation in a hard-to-reach land-based environment or terrain for power supply to electronic, electrical or electromechanical equipment thereat. 30. Usage according to claim 26, wherein the equipment is an actuator that is arranged to operate a valve in a fluid-transporting piping system. 31. Usage according to claim 27 or 29, wherein the equipment is an actuator that is arranged to operate a valve in a fluid-transporting piping system. 32. Usage according to claim 28, wherein the equipment is an actuator that is arranged to operate a valve in a fluid-transporting piping system. 33. Usage according to claim 27 or 29, wherein the capacitor package is connected to an equipment control unit and a power source control unit for monitoring and charging the capacitor package. 34. Usage according to claim 27 or 29, wherein at least the capacitor package is enclosed in a pressurised container. 35. Usage according to claim 26, wherein the sub-sea installation equipment is a valve and the actuator is a motor which via a gear is arranged to manipulate a valve spindle on the valve. 36. Usage according to claim 27, wherein the sub-sea installation equipment is a valve and the actuator is a motor which via a gear is arranged to manipulate a valve spindle on the valve. 