Exemplary embodiments provide a self-powered wireless gas sensor system and a method for gas sensing using the system. The system can be used to detect and constantly track a presence of various gases including hydrogen, ozone and/or any hydrocarbon gas, and remotely transmit the sensing signal. The system can include a low power gas sensor that consumes less than about 30 nano-watts of power. As a result, the system can detect the presence of hydrogen at about 10 ppm. The sensor can also provide a fast response time of about 1-2 seconds. In various embodiments, the system can be physically small and packaged with all components assembled as a single compact unit.
Claims 1. A system for gas sensing comprising: a gas sensor configured to provide a response to a gas, wherein a power consumption of the gas sensor is less than about 30 nano-watts; a differential detection interface connected to the gas sensor to provide an electrical signal based on the response to the gas; a microcontroller connected to the differential detection interface and programmed to process the electrical signal; and a transmitter connected to the microcontroller to wirelessly transmit the processed electrical signal. 2. The system of claim 1 further comprising a central monitoring station, wherein the central monitoring station comprises a wireless receiver configured to receive the processed electrical signal from the transmitter. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the gas comprises one or more of hydrogen, ozone, and any hydrocarbon gas. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the sensing component of the gas sensor comprises one or more of ZnO nanorods, ZnO Schottky diodes, GaN Schottky diodes, AlGaN/GaN high electron mobility transistors (HEMT) and metal-oxide semiconductor (MOS) transistors. 5. The system of claim 4 further comprising one or more of Pt, Pd, Ni, Au, Ag, Ti, and their alloys deposited on the sensing component. 6. The system of claim 4 further, wherein the sensing component is doped with one or more of Pt, Pd, Ni, Au, Ag, Ti, and their alloys. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the gas sensor further comprises a passivated sensing component as a reference, and wherein the passivated sensing component is isolated from exposure to the gas. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein the electrical signal from the differential detection interface comprises an amplified voltage signal. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein the microcontroller comprises a level monitoring mode and a data transmission mode. 10. The system of claim 1, wherein the microcontroller further comprises a minimum energy coding program. 11. The system of claim 1, wherein a gas concentration is determined based on the processed electrical signal. 12. The system of claim 1, wherein the gas sensor, the differential detection interface, the microcontroller, and the transmitter are configured as a single unit. 13. The system of claim 1 further comprising a plurality of gas sensors configured to sense gas in different locations. 14. The system of claim 1 further comprising a power source that provides power to one or more of the gas sensor, the differential detection interface, the microcontroller, and the transmitter. 15. The system of claim 1, wherein a response time to the detection of the gas is about 1 to about 2 seconds. 16. A method for gas sensing comprising: detecting an analyte gas with a sensing component, wherein the sensing component is disposed in a low power gas sensor with a power consumption of less than about 30 nano-watts; outputting an electrical signal through a sensor interface to a microcontroller in response to the detected analyte gas; processing the electrical signal by the microcontroller; and wirelessly transmitting the processed electrical signal using a transmitter. 17. The method of claim 16 further comprising wirelessly receiving and displaying the processed electrical signal. 18. The method of claim 16, wherein the analyte gas comprises one or more of hydrogen, ozone, and any hydrocarbon gas. 19. The method of claim 16, wherein a detectable hydrogen gas concentration is about 10 ppm. 20. The method of claim 16, wherein processing the electrical signal by the microcontroller comprises a level monitoring mode of operation that transmits an emergency pulse for gas detection. 21. The method of claim 16, wherein processing the electrical signal by the microcontroller comprises a data transmission mode of operation that transmits constant sensing data for the analyte gas. 22. The method of claim 16, wherein a response time to the detection of analyte gas is about 1 to about 2 seconds. 23. The method of claim 16 further comprising a power source to power one or more of the low power gas sensor, the sensor interface, the microcontroller and the transmitter. 24. The method of claim 23, wherein the power source comprises at least one of a vibrational energy harvester and a solar energy harvester. 25. A system for remote hydrogen sensing comprising: a sensor device comprising a low power hydrogen sensor configured to provide sensor data in response to detection of hydrogen, a differential detection interface connected the low power hydrogen sensor with a microcontroller to amplify and process the sensor data, and a wireless transmitter connected to the microcontroller to transmit the processed sensor data; a central monitoring station comprising a wireless receiver configured to receive the sensor data signal from the wireless transmitter of the sensor device; and a power source to power the sensor device, wherein the power source comprises at least one of harvested vibrational energy, harvested solar energy, and a battery. 