A solar chargeable battery comprises a built-in photovoltaic array and a programmable battery charging circuit. The photovoltaic array provides a variable power source in response to light. The battery charging circuit receives the variable power source and operates in different modes to charge the battery over a range of lighting conditions. For example, the battery charging circuit charges the battery to a substantially fixed regulated voltage level in a first mode when a voltage level of the variable power source is above a predefined threshold. The battery charging circuit charges the battery to an adjustable regulated voltage level in a second mode when the voltage level of the variable power source is below the predefined threshold.
Claims 1. A battery charging circuit for a portable device comprising: a switching regulator configured to receive a substantially DC power source from one or more photovoltaic cells at an input terminal and to charge a battery coupled to an output terminal; and a controller configured to monitor the substantially DC power source and to provide one or more control signals to the switching regulator to selectively operate the switching regulator in a first mode when a voltage level of the substantially DC power source is above a first predefined voltage threshold and in a second mode when the voltage level of the substantially DC power source is below the first predefined voltage threshold, wherein the switching regulator operates with a predetermined regulated voltage level in the first mode and operates with a variable regulated voltage level that tracks the voltage level of the substantially DC power source in the second mode. 2. The battery charging circuit of claim 1, wherein the substantially DC power source comprises at least two photovoltaic cells connected in series. 3. The battery charging circuit of claim 1, wherein the battery comprises a lithium-ion or a lithium polymer battery. 4. The battery charging circuit of claim 1, wherein the switching regulator charges the battery using a constant-current/constant-voltage algorithm comprising interleaving current regulation phases and voltage regulation phases, the switching regulator provides a substantially constant battery charging current during the current regulation phases, the substantially constant battery charging current has a predetermined current level when a current level of the substantially DC power source is above a predefined current threshold, and the substantially constant battery charging current has an adjusted current level that is approximately equal to the current level of the substantially DC power source when the current level of the substantially DC power source is below the predefined current threshold. 5. The battery charging circuit of claim 4, wherein the substantially constant battery charging current has a stepped rising edge near a beginning of each current regulation phase and the stepped rising edge comprises a plurality of incremental current steps with programmable step sizes and intervals. 6. The battery charging circuit of claim 4, wherein the switching regulator provides a decreasing battery charging current during the voltage regulation phases and stops charging the battery in the voltage regulation phases when the decreasing battery charging current reaches a termination current level. 7. The battery charging circuit of claim 6, wherein the termination current level, the predetermined current level of the substantially constant battery charging current, and the predetermined regulated voltage level are programmable parameters that are stored in the controller using a standard interface. 8. The battery charging circuit of claim 1, further comprising a direction resistor coupled between the portable device and the battery, wherein the controller monitors the direction resistor to disable the switching regulator when current flow is detected from the portable device to the battery. 9. The battery charging circuit of claim 1, further comprising a direction resistor coupled between the portable device and the battery, wherein the controller monitors the direction resistor to disable the switching regulator when current flow is detected from the battery to the portable device. 10. The battery charging circuit of claim 1, further comprising a status diode coupled between the substantially DC power source and a status pin of the switching regulator, wherein the status diode lights up while the switching regulator is charging the battery. 11. The battery charging circuit of claim 1, wherein the controller monitors the battery's temperature and disables the switching regulator when the battery's temperature is outside a predetermined temperature range, and the predetermined temperature range is a programmable parameter that is stored in the controller using a standard interface. 12. The battery charging circuit of claim 1, wherein the switching regulator and the controller enter a sleep mode when the voltage level of the substantially DC power source is less than the battery's voltage. 13. A method to charge a battery from a variable DC power source, the method comprising: sensing a voltage level of the variable DC power source, wherein the variable DC power source is provided by a photovoltaic array; selectively operating in a first mode when the voltage level of the variable DC power source is above a predefined voltage threshold, wherein the variable DC power source charges the battery to a predetermined regulated voltage level in the first mode and the predetermined regulated voltage level is approximately 4.2 volts; and selectively operating in a second mode when the voltage level of the variable DC power source is below the predefined voltage threshold, wherein the variable DC power source charges the battery to an adjustable regulated voltage level in the second mode and the adjustable regulated voltage level is approximately equal to the voltage level of the variable DC power source less a predetermined amount. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein the photovoltaic array is integrated with the battery and isolated from the battery by a thermal layer. 15. The method of claim 13, further comprising sensing the battery's temperature, wherein the battery stops charging when the battery's temperature exceeds a predefined temperature threshold. 16. The method of claim 13, wherein the battery is installed in a device connectable to a substantially fixed DC power source and the variable DC power source stops charging the battery when the substantially fixed DC power source is connected. 17. An integrated solar charging battery package comprising: a battery layer placed on a bottom surface of an encapsulated package; a thermal barrier layer placed above the battery layer; a photovoltaic array layer placed above the thermal barrier layer; a protective layer placed above the photovoltaic array layer, wherein the protective layer forms a top surface of the encapsulated package; and a charging circuit configured to electrically interface the battery layer and the photovoltaic array layer, wherein the charging circuit occupies a portion of the battery layer in the encapsulated package. 18. The integrated solar charging battery package of claim 17, wherein the battery layer has a thickness of approximately 3.5 mm. 19. The integrated solar charging battery package of claim 17, wherein the thermal barrier layer comprises polyimide film with a thickness of approximately 25 .mu.m-50 .mu.m. 20. The integrated solar charging battery package of claim 17, wherein the photovoltaic layer has a thickness of approximately 140 .mu.m. 21. The integrated solar charging battery package of claim 17, wherein the protective layer is substantially transparent and has a thickness of approximately 70 .mu.m 90 .mu.m. 22. A battery charger comprising: a power regulator configured to receive a variable DC power source and to charge a battery; and a controller configured to sense the variable DC power source, to operate the power regulator in a first mode when a voltage of the variable DC power source is above a predefined voltage level, and to operate the power regulator in a second mode when the voltage of the variable DC power source is below the predefined voltage level, wherein the power regulator charges the battery to a substantially fixed regulated voltage level in the first mode and to an adjustable regulated voltage level in the second mode. 23. A solar chargeable replacement battery package for a handheld portable electronic device comprising: a package having a substantially similar form factor as the standard battery specified by a manufacturer of the device; a battery placed on a lower portion of the package; a photovoltaic array placed on top of the battery and isolated from the battery by a thermal barrier, wherein the photovoltaic array supplies power to charge the battery; and a clear protective layer placed on top of the photovoltaic array, wherein the clear protective layer forms a top surface of the package. 24. A replacement battery kit for a portable electronic device, said replacement battery kit comprising: a replacement cover with a central opening; and a solar chargeable battery having a substantially similar form factor as the standard battery of the device, wherein the solar chargeable battery comprises: one or more photovoltaic cells configured for optical exposure through the central opening of the replacement cover after installation of the replacement battery kit; a battery; and a charging circuit configured to charge the battery from the photovoltaic cells. 