A lighting system hardware and control are described. Advantages of the system include the ability to add lighting to an otherwise unmodified location by providing a clamping system that is adaptable to multiple configurations and remote operability. Remote operability includes the ability to use renewable power sources such as solar or wind power and the ability for self-calibration with respect to the time of day. The system also minimizes the number of circuit components required thus making it optimally inexpensive and reliable.
Claims 1. A control system for a lighting system that uses a photovoltaic solar panel to provide electrical current to charge a rechargeable battery which provides electrical current to electronic lighting devices comprising: a) a microcontroller including digital memory for storage of software instructions, one clock circuit, four analog inputs switchably connected to at least one analog-to-digital (A/D) convertor and/or permanently connected to at most four A/D convertors, and at least one digital output, b) a reference voltage source, c) a means for providing user-selectable operating options, d) an electronic measurement port connecting the photovoltaic solar panel to the first of said four analog inputs, e) an electronic measurement port connecting the rechargeable battery to the second of said four analog inputs, f) an electronic measurement port connecting the means for providing said user selectable operating options to the third of said four analog inputs, g) a means for measuring the electrical current supplied to the electronic lighting devices, h) an electronic measurement port connecting the measured electronic lighting device current to the fourth of said four analog inputs, i) a first electronic switch operated by said microcontroller digital output that controls the flow of electrical current to the lighting devices, j) a second electronic switch that controls the flow of electrical current from the photovoltaic solar panel to the rechargeable battery, k) software stored in said memory, said software includes instructions so that the microcontroller controls the first electronic switch based on voltages measured at said first, second, third and fourth analog inputs. 2. The control system of claim 1 further comprising software instructions for storing counts derived from said clock circuit corresponding to the duration of the period from sunset to sunrise based on the voltage measured at said first analog input, and enabling operation of said first electronic switch to provide illumination during a sunset illumination period after sunset and a sunrise illumination period prior to sunrise. 3. The control system of claim 1 wherein the second electronic switch is operated by a second digital output on the microcontroller and the software further includes instructions so that the microcontroller controls the second electronic switch based on voltages measured at said first and second analog inputs. 4. The controller system of claim 1 wherein said means for providing user-selectable operating options comprises an electrical switch operated by mechanical, optical or electronic means. 5. The control system of claim 1 further comprising software instructions to enable the use of pulse width modulation using said first electronic switch to adjust the average intensity of the lighting devices during periods of illumination based on voltage measured at said second analog input. 6. The control system of claim 1 further comprising an electronic means for measuring the temperature of the rechargeable battery connected to an additional, fifth, analog-to-digital convertor input on the microcontroller and the software further includes instructions so that the microcontroller controls the second electronic switch based on voltages measured at said first, second, and fifth analog inputs whereby the charging current from the photovoltaic solar panel is adjusted if the battery temperature exceeds a threshold value. 7. The control system of claim 1 further comprising a separate electronic means for measuring the light incident on the system connected to an additional, fifth, analog-to-digital convertor input on the microcontroller and the software further includes instructions to derive counts of said clock circuit corresponding to the duration of the period from sunset to sunrise based on the output of the fifth analog-to-digital convertor. 8. The control system of claim 1 further comprising separate electronic means for sensing motion in the immediate vicinity of the system, said means operably connected to the microcontroller and the software further includes instructions for enabling operation of said first electronic switch to provide illumination when motion is sensed. 9. A method of operating a microcontroller-based control system for a lighting system that uses a photovoltaic solar panel to provide electrical current to charge a rechargeable battery which provides electrical current to electronic lighting devices comprising: a) Establishing a system time using a clock circuit built into the microcontroller, b) Monitoring the output voltage of the photovoltaic solar panel to establish the occurrence of sunrise and sunset, c) Controlling "on"-times and "off"-times of the lighting devices based on user-selected options to pre-established time intervals, d) Monitoring the output voltage of the rechargeable battery to establish its state of charge, e) Monitoring the electrical current supplied to the electronic lighting devices, f) Applying the output of the photovoltaic solar panel to charge the battery if the photovoltaic solar panel has adequate output voltage and the established state of charge of the battery shows it to be at least partially discharged, g) Adjusting the electronic lighting device current to control power consumption and illumination intensity of the electronic lighting devices during intervals of operation based on the established charge state of the battery. 10. The method of claim 9 further comprising adjustment of the electrical current supplied by the photovoltaic solar panel to the rechargeable battery based on a measurement of the temperature of the battery. 11. The method of claim 9 where the pre-established time intervals include at least one time interval selected from preceding sunrise and following sunset. 12. The method of claim 9 further comprising monitoring the output voltage of a light sensor to establish the occurrence of sunrise and sunset. 13. The method of claim 9 further comprising monitoring the output voltage of a temperature sensor to establish the occurrence of sunrise and sunset. 14. The method of claim 13 wherein the temperature sensor is also used to measure battery temperature. 15. The method of claim 9 further comprising monitoring the output voltage of a motion sensor module and applying power to the lighting devices if motion is detected during the interval from sunset to sunrise. 