Disclosed is a method of making solar collector assemblies for photovoltaic conversion. The method comprises providing a mold for receiving encapsulant, the mold having serially arranged, alternating peaks and valleys. A respective PV solar cell is placed into each of a series of the valleys such that the light-receiving surfaces of the PV solar cells face upwards. Uncured encapsulant is delivered into the mold and onto the light-receiving surfaces, and from the light-receiving surfaces to a level at least as high as the peaks so as to form, above the light-receiving surfaces, optical concentrators for concentrating light received by the optical concentrators and directing the light to the light-receiving surfaces. The encapsulant is then cured.
Claims 1. A method of making solar collector assemblies for photovoltaic conversion, comprising: a) providing a mold for receiving encapsulant; the mold having serially arranged, alternating peaks and valleys; b) placing a respective PV solar cell into each of a series of the valleys such that said light-receiving surfaces of the PV solar cells face upwards; c) delivering uncured encapsulant into the mold and i) onto said light-receiving surfaces; and ii) from said light-receiving surfaces to a level at least as high as said peaks so as to form, above said light-receiving surfaces, respective optical concentrators for concentrating light received by the optical concentrators and directing said light to said light-receiving surfaces; and d) curing the uncured encapsulant. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein each optical concentrator is shaped so as to obtain at least about 80 percent of the photons that would be obtained from an ideally shaped non-imaging concentrator having the same input and output areas. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the encapsulant comprises greater than 90 percent by weight polymeric material. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein the uncured encapsulant comprises crosslinkable but not yet fully crosslinked polymeric material. 5. The method of claim 4, further comprising applying a cover-plate to the top of the encapsulant while the encapsulant is in the process of curing; the cover-plate sealing the encapsulant from the environment. 6. The method of claim 5, wherein the step of curing the uncured encapsulant comprises directing UV radiation onto the uncured encapsulant to activate crosslinking agents in the uncured encapsulant. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein the mold is a releasable mold, and further comprising removing the mold from the PV solar cells and cured encapsulant. 8. The method of claim 7, further comprising the step of mounting the PV solar cells onto a circuit board. 9. The method of claim 1, wherein said optical concentrators concentrate light received by the optical concentrator by a factor greater than 2. 10. The method of claim 9, wherein said factor is about 7. 11. The method of claim 1, wherein providing a mold comprises providing a mold folded in accordion style and unfolding the mold so that it assumes a desired final shape. 12. A solar collector assembly made by the method of claim 1. 13. A solar collector assembly made by the method of claim 3. 14. A solar collector assembly made by the method of claim 5. 15. A solar collector assembly made by the method of claim 8. 