A water conservation system for an evaporative cooler includes one or more probes located proximate to one or more evaporative cooler pads of an evaporative cooler. The probe(s) can detect a resistance level, a humidity level, and or a moisture level associated with the evaporative cooler pad. A controller communicates with the probe(s) and a valve for delivering water to the evaporative cooler pad, wherein the controller automatically turns the valve on or off, depending upon the moisture, resistance and/or humidity detected by the probe(s) in order to conserve water during operations of the evaporative cooler. Sensors can thus be utilized to detect the moisture level, humidity and/or resistance of the pad(s) to control the operation of a water pump for the delivery of water to the pads(s).
Claims 1. A water conservation system for an evaporative cooler, said system comprising: at least one probe located proximate to an evaporative cooler pad of an evaporative cooler, wherein said probe detects at least one of: resistance associated with moisture of said evaporative cooler pad, moisture of said evaporative cooler pad, and humidity within said evaporative cooler pad; and a controller that communicates with said at least one probe and a valve for delivering water to said evaporative cooler pad, wherein said controller automatically turns said valve on or off, depending upon a particular resistance threshold of said evaporative cooler pad detected by said sensor in order to conserve water during operations of said evaporative cooler. 2. The system of claim 1 further comprising a processor that communicates with said controller, wherein said processor processes instructions for monitoring said resistance of said evaporative cooler pad between at least two probes. 3. The system of claim 2 further comprising a memory for storing instructions for monitoring said resistance of said evaporative cooler pad by said at least two probes. 4. The system of claim 1 further comprising a power source for delivering power to said controller and associated electronic components. 5. The system of claim 1 wherein said power source comprises a solar power device. 6. A water conservation system for an evaporative cooler, said system comprising: a moisture sensor located proximate to an evaporative cooler pad of an evaporative cooler, wherein said moisture sensor detects moisture levels associated with said evaporative cooler pad; and a controller that communicates with said moisture sensor and a pump for delivering water to said evaporative cooler pad, wherein said controller automatically turns said pump on or off, depending upon a moisture level of said evaporative cooler pad detected by said moisture sensor in order to conserve water during operations of said evaporative cooler. 7. The system of claim 6 further comprising a processor that communicates with said controller and said moisture sensor, wherein said processor processes instructions for monitoring moisture levels of said evaporative cooler pad by said moisture sensor. 8. The system of claim 7 further comprising a memory for storing instructions for monitoring moisture levels of said evaporative cooler pad by said moisture sensor. 9. The system of claim 6 further comprising a power source for delivering power to said moisture sensor and said controller and associated electronic components. 10. The system of claim 6 wherein said power source comprises a solar power device. 11. The system of claim 6 wherein said moisture sensor includes at least one probe located proximate to an evaporative cooler pad of an evaporative cooler, wherein said probe detects at least one of: resistance associated with moisture of said evaporative cooler pad, moisture of said evaporative cooler pad, and humidity within said evaporative cooler pad. 12. The system of claim 6 further comprising a processor that communicates with said controller, wherein said processor processes instructions for monitoring said resistance of said evaporative cooler pad between at least two probes. 13. The system of claim 12 further comprising a memory for storing instructions for monitoring said resistance of said evaporative cooler pad by said at least two probes. 14. The system of claim 10 further comprising a power source for delivering power to said controller and associated electronic components. 15. The system of claim 10 wherein said power source comprises a solar power device. 16. The system of claim 11 further comprising a power source for delivering power to said controller and associated electronic components. 17. The system of claim 11 wherein said power source comprises a solar power device. 18. An evaporative cooler system, comprising: at least two probes located on an evaporative cooler pad of an evaporative cooler, wherein said at least two probes detect at least one of: a resistance between said at least two probes, a moisture of said evaporative cooler pad, and a humidity within said evaporative cooler pad; and a controller that communicates with said at least one probe and a valve for delivering water to said evaporative cooler pad, wherein said controller automatically turns said valve on or off, depending upon a particular resistance threshold of said evaporative cooler pad detected by said sensor and/or said moisture of said evaporative cooler pad, and/or said humidity within said evaporative cooler pad detected by said at least two probes, thereby conserving water during operations of said evaporative cooler. 19. The system of claim 18 further comprising: a processor that communicates with said controller, wherein said processor processes instructions for monitoring said resistance of said evaporative cooler pad between at least two probes and/or said moisture and/or said humidity; and a memory for storing instructions for monitoring said resistance of said evaporative cooler pad and/or said moisture and/or said humidity by said at least two probes. 20. An evaporative cooler system, comprising: at least two probes located on an evaporative cooler pad of an evaporative cooler, wherein said at least two probes detect a resistance between said at least two probes associated with said evaporative cooler pad; and a controller that communicates with said at least one probe and a valve for delivering water to said evaporative cooler pad; a processor that communicates with said controller, wherein said processor processes instructions for monitoring said resistance of said evaporative cooler pad between at least two probes; a memory for storing instructions for monitoring said resistance of said evaporative cooler pad by said at least two probes, wherein said controller automatically turns said valve on or off, depending upon a particular resistance threshold of said evaporative cooler pad detected by said sensor in order to conserve water during operations of said evaporative cooler. 