An authentication token one side of which features an array of solar cells, of a very thin and flexible type, whereas the opposite side features a display device. The method consists in encoding into a sequence of bright images, interlaced with less bright ones, the code sent by the server. By placing the token in front of the portion of the screen displaying said encoding sequence, the light collected by the array of solar cells it is sufficient to generate the energy required for supplying the token's microprocessor, while the variation in brightness are decoded as to reconstruct the digital word representing the code sent by the server. Said code is then processed by the microprocessor to generate a One Time Password, OTP, then displayed on the display device. The user would then enter said OTP on the login page.
Claims 1. A contactless method to optically transfer server's requests to an authentication token, while at the same time supplying it with power, by means of the light emitted by portions of the screen, or monitor, displaying said server's login page; characterised in that said method is arranged for sending a code by the server by means of a time sequence of a bright image alternating with a dark image, said time sequence encoding said code as variations in the corresponding screen light output; using an array of solar cells in the authentication token to convert said variations of the screen light output into a corresponding varying electric signal; decoding the varying electric signal to obtain an input code; using a Microprocessor Unit, MPU, which also includes a non volatile memory, to obtain a One Time Password, OTP, by applying an encryption method or by applying an OTP generation method using the obtained input code; displaying said One Time Password on a suitable display device of the authentication token, so as to allow the user to enter it on the server's login page; whereby the encoding time sequence of images is purposely arranged so as to guarantee that the corresponding light output is sufficient to generate, after its conversion by said array of solar cells, all the energy needed by the MPU for carrying out the required tasks. 2. Apparatus implementing the method described in claim 1, whereby the MPU with non volatile memory, the array of solar cells, the decoding circuitry, the display device, and energy storage capacitors, are embedded into a credit card size token, or into a conventional credit card, or into a conventional smart-card, with the array of solar cells mounted on the side meant to be exposed to the light emitted by the image of time varying brightness displayed on the screen and encoding the requests from the server. 3. Apparatus as claimed in claim 2, characterised in that a photo sensing element is added on the same side as the one on which the array of solar cells is mounted, and said photo sensing element is dedicated to the task of detecting the variations in the light emitted by the image of time varying brightness encoding the requests from the server, while said encoding pattern of time varying brightness is purposely arranged so as to guarantee that the corresponding overall light output captured by the array of solar cells is sufficient to generate all the energy needed by the MPU for carrying out the required tasks. 4-5. (canceled) 6. Apparatus as claimed in claim 2, characterised in that three photo sensing elements, each sensitive to one of the three fundamental Red-Green-Blue color components of standard RGB color monitors, are added on the same side as the one on which the array of solar cells is mounted, and each of said three photo sensing elements is dedicated to the task of detecting the variations of the corresponding color component of the light emitted by the image of time varying brightness, while said encoding pattern of time varying brightness is purposely arranged so as to guarantee that the corresponding overall light output captured by the array of solar cells is sufficient to generate all the energy needed by the MPU for carrying out the required tasks. 7. (canceled) 8. Apparatus as claimed in claims 2, 3, characterised in that card specific user identification means are added, be they of the known on-card keypads type, or of the known on-card biometric sensors type, in order to allow the user to identify himself with the card before starting the OTP generation process. 