A solar installation includes at least one solar module. The at least one solar module includes a cover plate and a housing box. The housing box includes housing walls, a frame construction including a substantially L-shaped support profile, the support profile including a transverse leg disposed edge-parallel on a bottom side of the cover plate with a seal interposed therebetween and a longitudinal leg connected to the housing wall. A detent device has at least one upper detent element and one lower detent element for fixing the cover plate on the housing box. A spring-loaded mounting includes at least two spring elements for mounting the cover plate on the housing walls, via the at least two spring elements. The at least two spring elements have a predetermined vertical stroke and are configured to generate a restoring force.
Claims 1. A solar installation comprising at least one solar module, the at least one solar module comprising: a cover plate; and a housing box, the housing box including: housing walls; a frame construction including a substantially L-shaped support profile, the support profile including a transverse leg disposed edge-parallel on a bottom side of the cover plate with a seal interposed therebetween, and a longitudinal leg connected to the housing wall; a detent device having at least one upper detent element and one lower detent element for fixing the cover plate on the housing box; a spring-loaded mounting including at least two spring elements for mounting the cover plate on the housing walls via the at least two spring elements, the at least two spring elements having a predetermined vertical stroke configured to generate a restoring force, the at least two spring elements being disposed edge-parallel on opposing edges of the cover plate on the bottom side thereof; and seal elements disposed in front of the spring-loaded mounting toward an outer side of the housing box; wherein the upper detent element is fixedly connected to the support profile, the support profile being fixedly connected to the cover plate, the lower detent element being fixedly connected to the housing box, the upper detent element and the lower detent element having a spacing of at most the vertical stroke relative to one another when the detent device is in an open position and the cover plate is disposed on the housing box, and the upper detent element and lower detent element having a detachable engagement to one another when the detent device is in a closed position with the cover plate fixed on the housing box under load of the restoring force. 2. The solar installation of claim 1, wherein the spring elements and the seal elements are integrated so as to form an integral spring seal. 3. The solar installation of claim 2 wherein the spring seal includes a substantially lambda-shaped elastic spring, an upper leg of the sealing lip adjoining the transverse leg of the support profile and a first lower leg and a second lower leg adjoining a housing wall of the housing box. 4. The solar installation of claim 2, wherein the seal elements each include at least two lower legs forming a lambda-shaped elastic sealing lip, and further comprising an open-celled elastic profile disposed between the two lower legs of the lambda-shaped elastic sealing lip. 5. The solar installation of claim 3, wherein the lambda-shaped elastic sealing lip includes an upper leg having a first u-shaped bend, the first u-shaped bend engaging behind a second u-shaped bend of an end of the transverse leg of the support profile. 6. The solar installation of claim 1, wherein the lower detent element includes a pin disposed in an inner area of the housing box and the upper detent element includes an undercut profile disposed on the longitudinal leg of the support profile, the longitudinal leg of the support profile including an insertion area and a retention area for the pin. 7. The solar installation of claim 6, wherein the pin includes a bolt fixedly connected to a support plate. 8. The solar installation of claim 1, wherein the upper detent element includes a pin extension on the end of the longitudinal leg of the support profile and the lower detent element includes a pivotable and spring-loaded detent hook disposed on the housing wall. 9. The solar installation of claim 8, further comprising a spring-loaded retention hook in which the detent hook of the detent device is fixable in the open position. 10. The solar installation of claim 1, further comprising a L-shaped auxiliary profile having a short leg configured to support the cover plate in extension of the transverse leg of the support profile, and a long leg disposed parallel to the longitudinal leg of the support profile. 11. The solar installation of claim 1, wherein the solar installation includes a peripheral configuration of at least one of the auxiliary profile and the seal element on four edges of the cover plate. 12. The solar installation of claim 1, further comprising a lower transverse leg on the support profile that runs in an inner area of the housing box, wherein the upper detent element includes an insertion profile in the lower transverse leg, and the lower detent element includes a detent bolt having an insertion groove, the detent bolt being connected to the housing box. 13. The solar installation of claim 10, wherein the long leg of the auxiliary profile includes an outwardly curved, u-shaped end in the area of an edge of the cover plate without the detent device, the u-shaped end engaging in an undercut in the housing wall when the detent device is in the closed position. 14. The solar installation of claim 1, wherein the solar installation includes an in-roof configuration having an adjacent configuration of multiple housing boxes, a gap being disposed between adjacent cover plates, and cover sheets or attachment sheets being disposed between adjacent housing boxes or between the housing boxes and an adjoining substrate. 15. The solar installation of claim 1, wherein the cover plate includes a glass plate. 16. The solar installation of claim 1, wherein the cover plate includes a photovoltaic plate, the photovoltaic plate including a glass pane having a solar cell layer disposed on the bottom side of the cover plate, the cover plate having a uniform configuration on a visible side thereof. 17. The solar installation of claim 1, wherein the cover plate includes a photovoltaic plate, the photovoltaic plate including a laminate having embedded solar cells, the cover plate being uniformly designed on the visible side. 