An AC/DC electrical distribution panel includes a housing, a line voltage alternating current (AC) port configured for connection to an electrical distribution grid at line voltage, and a low voltage direct current (DC) port configured for connection to a DC load. A circuit board assembly is electrically coupled to the AC port and the DC port, and includes an AC connector array coupled to the AC port, and a DC connector array coupled to the DC port. One or more modular AC/DC power supplies are removably coupled to the AC and DC connector arrays. A processor is operatively engaged with the circuit board assembly, and configured to selectively switch the power supplies on and off. The circuit board assembly includes a current meter configured to monitor the current load being drawn from the DC port, wherein the processor is configured to selectively activate and deactivate various power supplies in response to the monitored current load.
Claims 1. An AC/DC electrical distribution panel comprising: a housing; a line voltage alternating current (AC) port configured for connection to a national electrical distribution grid at line voltage; a low voltage direct current (DC) port configured for connection to a DC load; a circuit board assembly electrically coupled to the AC port and the DC port; the circuit board assembly including an AC connector array coupled to the AC port, and a DC connector array coupled to the DC port; one or more modular NEC Class 2 AC/DC power supplies removably coupled to the AC connector array and the DC connector array; a processor operatively engaged with the circuit board assembly, the processor configured to selectively switch the power supplies on and off; the circuit board assembly including a current meter configured to monitor the current load being drawn from the DC port, wherein the processor is configured to selectively activate and deactivate various power supplies in response to the monitored current load; an IP communication module coupled to the processor; wherein the processor is configured to reduce DC power outputted by the panel in response to communications received by the communications module; the communications module being configured to communicate with networked devices coupled to the DC port; the processor is configured to deactivate individual ones of the power supplies and generate an alarm signal upon detection of power output outside of a predetermined range; DC power contacts coupled to the DC connector array, the DC power contacts configured to receive DC power from local sources; the processor configured to turn off the power supplies as power from local power sources are available; and one or more DC to AC inverters configured to generate AC power when sufficient local power sources are available. 2. An AC/DC electrical distribution panel comprising: a housing; a line voltage alternating current (AC) port configured for connection to an electrical distribution grid at line voltage; a low voltage direct current (DC) port configured for connection to a DC load; a circuit board assembly electrically coupled to the AC port and the DC port; the circuit board assembly including an AC connector array coupled to the AC port, and a DC connector array coupled to the DC port; one or more modular AC/DC power supplies removably coupled to the AC connector array and the DC connector array; a processor operatively engaged with the circuit board assembly, the processor configured to selectively switch the power supplies on and off; and the circuit board assembly including a current meter configured to monitor the current load being drawn from the DC port, wherein the processor is configured to selectively activate and deactivate various power supplies in response to the monitored current load. 3. The panel of claim 2, wherein the AC power is 110 or 220 VAC and the DC power is 12 or 24 VDC. 4. The panel of claim 2, wherein the power supplies comprise NEC (National Electrical Code) Class 2 power supplies. 5. The panel of claim 2, comprising a communication module coupled to the processor. 6. The panel of claim 5, wherein the communications module is an IP module. 7. The panel of claim 5, wherein the processor is configured to reduce DC power outputted by the panel in response to communications received by the communications module. 8. The panel of claim 7, wherein the communications module is configured to communicate with networked devices coupled to the DC port. 9. The panel of claim 2, wherein the AC port is configured for being connected to an AC power source. 10. The panel of claim 9, wherein the DC port is configured for being connected to one or more DC loads. 11. The panel of claim 10, comprising an AC circuit breaker disposed electrically between the AC port and circuit board. 12. The panel of claim 11, wherein the DC port comprises a terminal strip configured for connection to a plurality of DC loads. 13. The panel of claim 12, wherein the processor is configured to limit the output to each terminal connection to less than a predetermined power level. 14. The panel of claim 13, wherein the processor is configured to limit the output to each terminal connection to 100 watts or less. 15. The panel of claim 14, wherein the processor is configured to deactivate individual ones of the power supplies upon detection of power output outside of a predetermined range. 16. The panel of claim 15, wherein the processor is configured to actuate an alarm signal in the event of said power output outside of a predetermined range. 17. The panel of claim 16, wherein said alarm comprises cycling power output from the panel. 18. The panel of claim 2, comprising a visual indicator of status of each of the power supplies. 19. The panel of claim 2, wherein the power supplies are configured for being unplugged from the AC and DC connector arrays. 20. The panel of claim 2, further comprising DC power contacts coupled to the DC connector array, the DC power contacts configured to receive DC power from local sources. 21. The panel of claim 20, wherein the DC power contacts are coupled to the DC connector array via one or more DC circuit breakers. 22. The panel of claim 20, wherein the DC power contacts are configured for being coupled to a local power source selected from the group consisting of solar, wind, fuel cell, battery, and combinations thereof. 23. The panel of claim 21, wherein the processor is configured to turn off the power supplies as power from local power sources are available. 24. The panel of claim 23, comprising one or more DC to AC inverters configured to generate AC power when sufficient local power sources are available. 25. A method of distributing DC power to a premises, the method comprising: (a) installing the panel of claim 2; (b) coupling the AC port to a national electrical grid; and (c) coupling the DC port to one or more DC loads, wherein the processor selectively activates and deactivates various power supplies in response to the monitored current load. 