Provided herein are light weight solar cell modules having an ionomeric encapsulant sheet and at least one glass sheet. In particular, the weight of the solar cell modules is reduced by reducing the thickness of the at least one glass sheet to about 2.0 mm or less, or to about 1.5 mm or less. The light weight modules retain favorable performance properties such as good pummel adhesion levels, good moisture resistance, and low stress. Further provided are lightweight solar cell modules equipped with integral mounting devices.
Claims 1. A solar cell module comprising, as laminated layers, (A) a solar cell assembly comprising one or a plurality of solar cells, (B) a first ionomeric encapsulant layer comprising a first ionomer composition, and (C) a first outer protective layer comprising a first thin glass sheet having a thickness of less than 1.5 mm. 2. The solar cell module of claim 1, wherein the solar cells are wafer-based solar cells comprising one or both of monocrystalline silicon (c-Si), multi-crystalline silicone (mc-Si) or wherein the solar cells are thin film solar cells comprising one or more materials selected from the group consisting of amorphous silicon (a-Si), microcrystalline silicon (.mu.c-Si), cadmium telluride (CdTe), copper indium selenide (CIS), copper indium/gallium diselenide (CIGS), light absorbing dyes, and organic semiconductors; and wherein, when the solar cells are thin film solar cells, the solar cell assembly further comprises a substrate or superstrate upon which the thin film solar cells are deposited. 3. The solar cell module of claim 1, wherein the first ionomer composition has a Young's modulus of about 200 to about 600 MPa, as determined in accordance with ASTM D5026 at 30.degree. C. and 1 minute of load duration. 4. The solar cell module of claim 1, wherein the first ionomer composition comprises an ionomer that is an ionic neutralized derivative of a precursor acid copolymer comprising copolymerized units of an .alpha.-olefin having 2 to 10 carbon atoms and about 18 to about 30 wt % of copolymerized units of an .alpha.,.beta.-ethylenically unsaturated carboxylic acid having 3 to 8 carbons, based on a total weight of the precursor acid copolymer, and wherein about 5% to about 90% of a total content of the .alpha.,.beta.-ethylenically unsaturated carboxylic acid present in the precursor acid copolymer have been neutralized. 5. The solar cell module of claim 4, wherein the precursor acid copolymer comprises about 20 to about 25 wt % of copolymerized units of the .alpha.,.beta.-ethylenically unsaturated carboxylic acid, and wherein about 10% to about 60% of the total content of the .alpha.,.beta.-ethylenically unsaturated carboxylic acid present in the precursor acid copolymer have been neutralized. 6. The solar cell module of claim 1, wherein the first encapsulant layer has an average thickness of 1 to about 120 mils (about 0.025 to about 3 mm). 7. The solar cell module of claim 1, wherein the thin glass sheet has a thickness of about 0.1 to about 0.8 mm. 8. The solar cell module of claim 1, wherein the first encapsulant layer has a first side that is laminated directly to the solar cell assembly and a second side that is laminated directly to the first outer protective layer. 9. The solar cell module of claim 8, which further comprises, as laminated layers, (D) a second encapsulant layer having two sides and laminated to the side of the solar cell assembly that is opposite from the side to which the first encapsulant layer is laminated; and (E) a second outer protective layer that is laminated to the side of the second encapsulant layer that is opposite from the side to which the solar cell assembly is laminated. 10. The solar cell module of claim 9, wherein the second encapsulant layer comprises one or more polymeric materials selected from the group consisting of copolymers of an .alpha.-olefin and an .alpha.,.beta.-ethylenically unsaturated carboxylic acid, ionomers, poly(ethylene vinyl acetates), poly(vinyl acetals), polyurethanes, poly(vinyl chlorides), polyethylenes, polyolefin block copolymer elastomers, copolymers of an .alpha.-olefin and an .alpha.,.beta.-ethylenically unsaturated carboxylic acid, silicone elastomers, and epoxy resins. 11. The solar cell module of claim 9, wherein the second outer protective layer comprises one or more materials selected from the group consisting of (i) glass sheets; (ii) polymeric sheets comprising one or more polymers selected from the group consisting of polycarbonates, acrylics, polyacrylates, cyclic polyolefins, polystyrenes, polyamides, polyesters, and fluoropolymers; and (iii) polymeric films comprising one or more polymers selected from the group consisting of polyesters, polycarbonates, polyolefins, norbornene polymers, polystyrenes, styrene-acrylate copolymers, acrylonitrile-styrene copolymers, polysulfones, nylons, polyurethanes, acrylics, cellulose acetates, cellophanes, poly(vinyl chlorides), and fluoropolymers. 12. The solar cell module of claim 9, wherein the second encapsulant layer comprises a second ionomer composition, and wherein the first and second ionomer composition are the same or different. 13. The solar cell module of claim 9, wherein the second outer protective layer comprises a second thin glass sheet having a thickness of less than 2.0 mm or of about 1.5 mm or less. 14. The solar cell module of claim 9, wherein the solar cell assembly has a smaller lateral area than the encapsulant layers and outer protective layers, and wherein the first and second encapsulant layers are bonded together in areas that are outside of peripheral edges of the solar cell assembly. 15. The solar cell module of claim 14, which further comprises at least one mounting device, wherein the at least one mounting device is positioned outside the peripheral edges of the solar cell assembly and has a first portion that is laminated between the first and second encapsulant layers and a second portion that is protruding outward from peripheral edges of the solar cell module. 16. The solar cell module of claim 15, wherein the at least one mounting device further comprises a third portion that forms a cover over the portion of the peripheral edge from which it protrudes. 17. The solar cell module of claim 15, wherein the second portion of the at least one mounting device comprises at least one anchoring means. 18. The solar cell module of claim 15, which comprises two mounting devices, and wherein the mounting devices are positioned on opposite peripheral edges of the solar cell module. 19. The solar cell module of claim 15, which comprises four mounting devices, and wherein two of the mounting devices are positioned on a single edge of the solar cell module, and two of the mounting devices are positioned on the opposite peripheral edge of the solar cell module. 20. The solar cell module of claim 15, which comprises four mounting devices and wherein each of the mounting devices is positioned on a different peripheral edge of the solar cell module. 21. The solar cell module of claim 15, wherein the at least one mounting device is made of metal or plastic. 22. The solar cell module of claim 21, wherein the at least one mounting device comprises a metal selected from the group consisting of steel, aluminum, titanium, brass, lead, chrome, copper, and alloys thereof. 