A method for manufacturing a solar cell module for a vehicle sunroof is disclosed, in which a solar cell is cut into multiple pieces so that it can be closely adhered to a curved glasses of a sunroof which is generally installed at an intermediate portion of a vehicle roof so as to provide a driver with an air circulation effect in the interior of a vehicle and a fresh driving feeling with its open environment. A solar cell module for a sunroof is manufactured based on a high temperature and vacuum compression work using a laminator as an EVA film adhering unit. So, it is possible to easily perform a laminating work for adhering a sunroof curved glass and a solar cell as compared to a conventional art in which it is not easy to perform the above work.
Claims 1. In a method for adhering a solar cell module to a vehicle sunroof using a laminator, a method for manufacturing a solar cell module for a vehicle sunroof, comprising: a step in which a curvature area of a sunroof curved glass is computed for a full contact of a solar cell to the sunroof curved glass; a step in which the solar cell is cut into multiple pieces so that the solar cell is closely contacted with the sunroof curved glass based on a computed curvature area of the sunroof curved glass; a step in which a solar cell module is arranged in a sequence of a sunroof curved glass, a lower EVA film, a solar cell, an upper EVA film, and a backseat including the cut solar cell; a step in which the arranged solar cell module is mounted so that the sunroof curved glass is positioned on a bottom plate of the laminator; a step in which an upper chamber (cover) of the laminator is closed and operates, and the upper and lower EVA films are melted based on an electric heating operation of the bottom plate contacting with the sunroof curved glass; and a step in which the solar cell module is adhered using the upper and lower EVA films which melt as the solar cell module is pressurized by means of the compressed air supplied from the upper chamber of the laminator. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising a step in which the foams generated at the solar cell module by sucking the inner air of the laminator using a vacuum pump after the upper and lower EVA films are melted by heating a solar cell module, which is arranged in a sequence of a sunroof curved glass, a lower EVA film, a solar cell, an upper EVA film, and a backseat, based on an electric heating operation of the bottom plate of the laminator. 3. The method of claim 1, further comprising a step in which the heat of the cooper plate is heated using a cooling water so that the inner temperature of the laminator can decrease after the solar cell module is adhered. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein said bottom plate of the laminator is formed as a module mounting plate contacting with a sunroof curved glass among the solar cell module to be mounted and a support bottom plate supporting the module mounting plate are integrally formed, and said module mounting plate has the same curvature as the sunroof curved glass so that it can closet contact when the sunroof curved glass is mounted. 5. The method of claim 4, wherein said module mounting plate is made of a copper plate material, and said support bottom plate is made of a copper plate or an aluminum material which is the same as the module mounting plate for properly transferring heat to the module mounting plate. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein said bottom plate of the laminator is formed as a module mounting plate contacting with a sunroof curved glass among the solar cell module to be mounted and a support bottom plate supporting the module mounting plate are integrally formed, and said module mounting plate is made in a channel shaped frame structure of a copper material same as the support bottom plate, and a powder of a phosphorus bronze and an aluminum is inputted into the interior of the frame, and the inputted phosphorous bronze and aluminum powders are heated using the heat from the support bottom plate and are pressurized on the sunroof curved glass for thereby obtaining the same curvature as the sunroof curved glass. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein said phosphorous bronze and aluminum powders are made with 250 mesh sizes for an efficient heat transfer from the support bottom plate and module mounting plate, and said support bottom plate is hated to 160.degree. C. through 170.degree. C. for 0.5 through 1 hour so that an inner temperature of the frame of the module mounting plate becomes a temperature of 150.degree. C. at which an adhering (laminating) work of the solar cell module including the sunroof curved glass is performed for thereby performing a molding operation with the same curvature as the sunroof curved glass. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein said bottom plate of the laminator is formed as a module mounting plate contacting with a sunroof curved glass among the solar cell module to be mounted and a support bottom plate supporting the module mounting plate are integrally formed, and said module mounting plate is made in a channel shaped frame structure of a copper material same as the support bottom plate, and a powder mixed with a white silica powder and a plaster powder and water are inputted into the interior of the frame and are mixed and hardened and molded in a state that the sunroof curved glass is mounted for thereby obtaining the same curvature as the sunroof curved glass. 9. The method of claim 8, wherein said white silica powder and plaster powder are mixed at a ratio of 5:5 or 6:4 depending on a particle size of the white silica powder, and in case of a mixing ratio of 5:5, the particle size of the white silica powder is 16 through 20 mesh, and in case of a mixing ratio of 6:4, the particle size of a white silica powder is 30 through 60 mesh, and said support bottom plate is hated to 180.degree. C. through 190.degree. C. for 1 through 1.5 hour so that an inner temperature of the frame of the module mounting plate becomes a temperature of 150.degree. C. at which an adhering (laminating) work of the solar cell module including the sunroof curved glass is performed for thereby performing a molding operation with the same curvature as the sunroof curved glass. 10. The method of claim 2, wherein said lower EVA film is formed of two sheets of films as compared to the upper EVA film contacting with the backseat, and the EVA film melted based on an electric heating operation of the bottom plate of the laminator is inputted into a gap between the solar cells mounted on the sunroof curved glass and fills the gap, and the foam layers formed at the solar cell module are fully removed based on the vacuum de-foam operation of the laminator using the vacuum pump. 