Vision correction and tracking systems may be used in laser machining systems and methods to improve the accuracy of the machining. The laser machining systems and methods may be used to scribe one or more lines in large flat workpieces such as solar panels. In particular, laser machining systems and methods may be used to scribe lines in thin film photovoltaic (PV) solar panels with accuracy, high speed and reduced cost. The vision correction and/or tracking systems may be used to provide scribe line alignment and uniformity based on detected parameters of the scribe lines and/or changes in the workpiece.
Claims 1. A laser machining system comprising: a part handling system including a workpiece support surface for supporting a workpiece to be machined; at least one laser source for generating at least one laser beam; at least one laser scanning stage positioned relative to the part handling system for linear movement along a scanning axis; a movable optical head located on the laser scanning stage, the optical head including a beam delivery system for receiving the at least one laser beam, for modifying the at least one laser beam, and for directing the modified beam at the workpiece while moving to machine the workpiece; and a workpiece tracking system for tracking changes in the workpiece relative to the moving optical head and for adjusting at least one parameter of the modified beam in response to the changes in the workpiece. 2. The laser machining system of claim 1, wherein the part handling system, the scanning stage and the optical head are arranged such that the optical head is located below the workpiece support surface. 3. The laser machining system of claim 1 wherein the workpiece tracking system comprises at least one sensor for sensing a process plane or a surface of the workpiece to track changes in a relative height of the workpiece relative to the optical head. 4. (canceled) 5. The laser machining system of claim 1 wherein the workpiece tracking system comprises at least one sensor for sensing top and bottom surfaces of the workpiece to track changes in thickness of the workpiece. 6. The laser machining system of claim 1 wherein the workpiece tracking system measures changes in a height of a process plane of the workpiece relative to the optical head, and wherein the beam delivery system comprises at least one lens for focusing the modified beam and a lens translation stage for moving the lens and adjusting the focus of the modified beam in response to changes in the height of the process plane of the workpiece supported on the workpiece support surface. 7. The laser machining system of claim 1 wherein the workpiece tracking system measures changes in a thickness of the workpiece and adjusts laser beam fluence in response to changes in thickness of the workpiece. 8. The laser machining system of claim 1 wherein the at least one parameter of the modified beam is selected from the group consisting of focus and fluence. 9. The laser machining system of claim 1 wherein the beam delivery system is configured to modify the laser beam by forming multiple beamlets and delivering the multiple beamlets to the workpiece. 10. A laser machining system comprising: a part handling system including a workpiece support surface for supporting a workpiece to be machined; at least one laser source for generating at least one laser beam; at least one laser scanning stage positioned relative to the part handling system for linear movement along a scanning axis; an optical head located on the laser scanning stage, the optical head including a beam delivery system for receiving the at least one laser beam, modifying the laser beam, and directing the modified beam at the workpiece while moving to form a scribe line on the workpiece; and a scribe line tracking system for tracking a position of a scribe line on the workpiece and for adjusting a position of a current scribe line being formed on the workpiece in response to changes in a position of the scribe line. 11. The laser machining system of claim 10, wherein the part handling system, the scanning stage and the optical head are arranged such that the optical head is located below the workpiece support surface. 12. The laser machining system of claim 10 wherein the beam delivery system comprises a mask for imaging the beam on a workpiece supported on the workpiece support surface and a mask translation stage for moving the mask in response to changes in the position of the previous scribe line on the workpiece. 13. The laser machining system of claim 10 further comprising a sensor for sensing the position of the previous scribe line on the workpiece. 14. The laser machining system of claim 10 further comprising a camera mounted for movement with the laser scanning stage and configured to view the scribe line as the laser scanning stage moves along the scanning axis. 15-19. (canceled) 20. A method of laser machining a panel using a movable optical head that moves along a scanning axis, the method comprising: mounting the panel on a part handling system; generating at least one laser beam; directing the laser beam substantially parallel to the scanning axis and into at least one optical head such that the optical head modifies the beam and directs at least one modified beam out of the optical head substantially orthogonal to the scanning axis; moving the optical head along the scanning axis and across the panel such that the at least one modified beam scans the panel and forms a scribe line in the panel; and adjusting at least one parameter in response to a detected change in the workpiece or a scribe line on the workpiece. 21. The method of claim 20 wherein the panel is a thin film solar panel, and wherein the scribe line is formed in at least one thin film layer of the thin film solar panel. 22. The method of claim 20 further comprising: tracking a position of a previous scribe line on the panel; and wherein adjusting at least one parameter includes changing a position of the at least one modified beam on the panel in response to changes in position of the previous scribe line. 23. The method of claim 20 further comprising: tracking changes in a relative height of the panel; and wherein adjusting at least one parameter includes modifying the laser beam in response to changes in the relative height of the panel. 24. The method of claim 23 wherein modifying the laser beam includes changing a focus of the modified beam directed out of the optical head in response to changes in the relative height of the panel. 25. The method of claim 20 further comprising: tracking changes in a thickness of the panel; and wherein adjusting at least one parameter includes changing a fluence of the beam in response to changes in the thickness of the panel. 26. The method of claim 20 wherein the optical head splits the laser beam and directs multiple beamlets out of the top region of the optical head to form multiple scribe lines simultaneously. 27. The method of claim 20 further comprising viewing, while moving the optical head to form the scribe line, at least one previous scribe line that was formed in the panel and determining at least one parameter of the previous scribe line. 28. The method of claim 27 wherein the at least one scribe line parameter includes at least one of a rotation angle of the previous scribe, a width of the previous scribe, and a position of the previous scribe. 29. The method of claim 27 wherein adjusting at least one parameter includes adjusting a position of the panel in response to the at least one scribe line parameter. 30. The method of claim 27 further comprising logging parameter data representing the at least one parameter. 31-44. (canceled) 