A lighting device includes a substantially cylindrical tube defining an interior and an exterior, and a longitudinal axis extending between a first end and a second end. The first end of the tube defines a substantially cylindrical opening disposed in a plane at a first angle that is substantially perpendicular to the longitudinal axis, and the second end of the tube defines a substantially elliptical opening disposed in a plane at a second angle that is substantially non-perpendicular to the longitudinal axis. A reflective surface is provided on the interior of the tube, and a substantially cylindrical flashing is provided about the exterior of the tube. A substantially transparent dome is coupled to the tube proximate the first end, and a diffuser is coupled to the tube proximate the second end.
Claims 1. A lighting device, comprising: a substantially cylindrical tube defining an interior and an exterior, and a longitudinal axis extending between a first end and a second end, the first end of the tube defining a substantially cylindrical opening disposed in a plane at a first angle that is substantially perpendicular to the longitudinal axis, and the second end of the tube defining a substantially elliptical opening disposed in a plane at a second angle that is substantially non-perpendicular to the longitudinal axis; a reflective surface disposed on the interior of the tube; a substantially cylindrical flashing disposed about the exterior of the tube; a substantially transparent dome coupled to the tube proximate the first end; and a diffuser coupled to the tube proximate the second end. 2. The lighting device of claim 1, wherein the second angle is within a range of approximately 10 degrees to 80 degrees. 3. The lighting device of claim 1, wherein the second angle is within a range of approximately 30 degrees to 60 degrees. 4. The lighting device of claim 1, wherein the second angle is approximately 45 degrees. 5. The lighting device of claim 1, wherein the diffuser comprises a substantially planar member having an elliptical-shaped perimeter and configured to fit within the elliptical opening of the second end of the tube. 6. The lighting device of claim 5 further comprising a seal between the diffuser and the tube to prevent entry of contaminants into an interior space within the tube, wherein the contaminants include at least one of moisture, heat and dust. 7. The lighting device of claim 1 further comprising a plurality of projection disposed proximate the second end and extending inwardly from the interior of the tube, the projections configured to at least partially support the diffuser. 8. The lighting device of claim 1, wherein the diffuser comprises a substantially convex member having an elliptical shape-shaped perimeter and configured to fit at least partially within the elliptical opening of the second end of the tube. 9. The lighting device of claim 1, wherein the diffuser comprises a substantially concave member having an elliptical shape-shaped perimeter and configured to fit at least partially within the elliptical opening of the second end of the tube. 10. The lighting device of claim 1, further comprising a layer of foam insulation disposed at least partially within an annular opening between tube and the flashing. 11. The lighting device of claim 1, wherein the flashing further comprises a circumferential ridge adjacent to a lower edge of the dome, and further comprising a band clamp disposed about the ridge and the lower edge of the dome, the band clamp substantially preventing movement of the dome in a radial direction relative to the longitudinal axis and permitting movement of the dome in an axial direction relative to the longitudinal axis. 12. The lighting device of claim 1, wherein the flashing comprises a first end and a second end, the first end of the flashing defining a substantially cylindrical opening disposed in a plane that is substantially perpendicular to the longitudinal axis, and the second end of the tube defining a substantially elliptical opening disposed in a plane at an angle that is substantially non-perpendicular to the longitudinal axis. 13. A lighting device, comprising: a tube defining an interior and an exterior, and a longitudinal axis extending between a first end and a second end, the first end of the tube configured to receive light from a light source, and the second end of the tube configured to emit the light to an interior of a building; a reflective surface disposed on the interior of the tube; a flashing disposed about the exterior of the tube; a substantially transparent dome coupled to the tube proximate the first end; and a diffuser coupled to the tube at an angle that is non-perpendicular to the longitudinal axis and configured to direct the light into the interior of the building in a direction that is non-parallel to the longitudinal axis. 14. The lighting device of claim 13 wherein the reflective surface comprises a white reflective surface. 15. The lighting device of claim 13 wherein the reflective surface comprises a mirror reflective finish. 16. The lighting device of claim 13 further comprising a guard disposed proximate the second end of the tube. 17. The lighting device of claim 16 wherein the guard comprises a substantially cylindrical wall portion formed from a helically wound wire. 18. The lighting device of claim 17 wherein the guard further comprises attachment loops arranged in a variably offset configuration and configured for attachment of the guard to a corrugated roof panel 19. A method of making a lighting device, comprising: providing a tube defining an interior with a reflective surface and an exterior, and a longitudinal axis extending between a first end and a second end, the first end of the tube configured to receive light from a light source, and the second end of the tube configured to transmit the light to an interior of a building; coupling a flashing about the exterior of the tube; coupling a dome to the flashing proximate the first end of the tube; providing at least one projection extending inwardly toward the axis and disposed proximate the second end of the tube; supporting a diffuser at least temporarily on the projection; applying a bead of a hot melt silicone material substantially along an interface between the second end of the tube and the perimeter of the diffuser; and curing the hot melt silicone material while the diffuser is supported on the projection. 20. The method of claim 19, further comprising the step of positioning the diffuser at an angle that is non-perpendicular to the longitudinal axis. 21. The method of claim 19, further comprising the step of insulating an space between the flashing and the exterior of the tube with an insulation material. 22. The method of claim 21, wherein the step of insulating further comprises injecting an expandable foam material in incremental applications in a multi-step process. 23. The method of claim 19, wherein the step of coupling the dome to the flashing further comprises securing a circumferential clamp about a lower end of the dome and a ridge on the flashing. 24. The method of claim 19, further comprising the step of attaching the flashing to a building so that the first end of the tube is disposed external to the building and the second end of the tube is disposed internal to the building. 25. A lighting device, comprising: a tube defining an interior and an exterior, and a longitudinal axis extending between a first end and a second end, the first end of the tube configured to receive light from an exterior light source, and the second end of the tube configured to emit at least a portion of the light to an interior of a building; a reflective surface disposed on the interior of the tube; a flashing disposed about the exterior of the tube; a substantially transparent dome coupled to the tube proximate the first end; and a supplemental light source disposed proximate the second end of the tube. 26. The lighting device of claim 25 further comprising a transceiver coupled to the supplemental light source, the transceiver configured to receive a wireless signal for control of the supplemental light source and to communicate a status of the supplemental light source to a controller. 27. The lighting device of claim 25 wherein the supplemental light source comprises one or more LEDs. 28. The lighting device of claim 27 wherein the LEDs are disposed substantially about a perimeter of the tube. 29. The lighting device of claim 25 further comprising a diffuser coupled proximate the second end of the tube. 30. The lighting device of claim 29 wherein the diffuser is coupled to the tube at an angle non-perpendicular to the longitudinal axis. 31. The lighting device of claim 27 wherein the LEDs are disposed about an exterior perimeter of the tube and adjacent to a reflector. 32. The lighting device of claim 31 wherein the LEDs are configured to emit light toward the reflector for dispersion to the interior of the building. 33. The lighting device of claim 32 wherein the LEDs are coupled to the tube by a supplemental LED mounting surface. 34. The lighting device of claim 33 further comprising a layer of a high emissivity material disposed on at least one of the tube, the supplemental LED mounting surface, and the reflector proximate the LEDs. 35. The lighting device of claim 27 further comprising a photovoltaic panel configured to provide a source of electrical power to the LEDs. 36. The lighting device of claim 35 wherein the photovoltaic panel is coupled to the flashing. 