The present invention discloses a solar-charged warning device, mounted on a helmet, including at least one light-emitting element, a solar photovoltaic panel, a voltage amplifier circuit, a sensor circuit, a charge/discharge circuit, and a secondary battery. The solar photovoltaic panel mounted on the helmet is used to absorb the solar energy and transform thereof into the electricity, and then the electricity is inputted into the sensor circuit, the charge/discharge circuit and the secondary battery, for storing the electricity in the secondary battery. When there needs the electricity, it can be discharged by the charge/discharge circuit and then amplified by the voltage amplifier circuit to reach the required voltage, so as to drive the light-emitting element to shine. When there exists the light source, the secondary battery will be charged. When in the dark, the electricity stored in the secondary battery will be discharged to drive the light-emitting element to shine.
Claims 1. A solar-charged warning device, mounted on a helmet, comprising: a solar photovoltaic panel, mounted on the outer surface of the helmet for absorbing solar energy and transforming thereof into electricity; a charge/discharge circuit, electrically connected to the solar photovoltaic panel; a secondary battery, electrically connected to the charge/discharge circuit for receiving and storing the electricity produced from the solar photovoltaic panel, and powered by the charge/discharge circuit; a voltage amplifier circuit, electrically connected to the charge/discharge circuit, for amplifying the voltage of the power from the secondary battery; and at least one light-emitting element, mounted on the outer surface of the helmet and electrically connected to the voltage amplifier circuit via an electrical conduction wire, so as to shine as being driven by the amplified voltage from the voltage amplifier circuit. 2. The solar-charged warning device as claimed in claim 1, wherein a sensor circuit is further located between the solar photovoltaic panel and the charge/discharge circuit, and the charge/discharge circuit is feedback to the sensor circuit, wherein when there detects the electricity produced from the solar photovoltaic panel, the sensor circuit controls the charge/discharge circuit to charge the secondary battery, and when there detects no electricity produced from the solar photovoltaic panel, the sensor circuit controls the charge/discharge circuit to discharge the secondary battery. 3. The solar-charged warning device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the secondary battery is selected from a Li battery, a Ni--H battery or a storage battery. 4. The solar-charged warning device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the light-emitting element is an LED (Light Emitting Diode). 5. The solar-charged warning device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the light-emitting element is respectively mounted at the front and the rear ends of the helmet. 6. The solar-charged warning device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the solar photovoltaic panel is mounted on the outer surface of the helmet. 7. The solar-charged warning device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the helmet further includes a circuit board therein for mounting the charge/discharge circuit and the voltage amplifier circuit. 8. The solar-charged warning device as claimed in claim 7, wherein the electrical conduction wire is mounted on the inner surface of the helmet by SMD technology. 9. The solar-charged warning device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the solar photovoltaic panel is further protected by a transparent sheet. 