Aims at a dual-axis solar tracker that you can perform an unlimited rotation in either of two directions around the vertical axis, thus there is no need to undo the way I walk all day long, from the position of the follower at the end of days wing position occupied by the next day. Due to its special configuration, the dual-axis solar tracker of the present invention allows the engines that power the solar panels moving around one axis of rotation without the power cords are wound around the vertical axis of rotation of the bracket. Similarly, the control wires of the elements of the follower and the wires leading the current produced in solar panels to the electrical substation is not wound around the vertical axis of rotation.
Claims 1. Dual axis solar tracker which is characterized because it presents a set of solar panels (1) that are placed on a mounting bracket (2) to which is transmitted a first spin around the vertical axis through a set of wheels (2.3) that are guided by at least one circular rail (3) placed under the mounting bracket (2), where at least one of the wheels (2.3) is driven by a motor (2.5) that transmits directly the rotation power to the axis of the wheel, and where the solar tracker can make an unlimited rotation in either of two turn senses around the vertical axis due to a turning collector (2.2.2) placed on the vertical axis and which transmits the electric power to the motor(2.5) that actives the driving wheel (2.3). 2. Dual axis solar tracker according to claim 1 characterized because the solar panels (1) are placed in rows, with one or more slides (4) that are articulated with bars (5) which in turn are articulated by its other end in at least one of the panels (1) of each row, where the slides (4) are driven through a working device (6, 8) that transmits to the panels (1) a rotation around a horizontal axis. 3. Dual axis solar tracker according to claim 1 characterized because the mounting bracket (2) is compound by a set of beams (2.1) that form the interlocking structure on which panels are placed (1). 4. Dual axis solar tracker according to claim 1 characterized because in the center of the mounting bracket (2) is placed a central shaft (2.2) around which the solar tracker made the rotation in the vertical sense. 5. Double axis solar tracker according claim 4 characterized because the central shaft (2.2) is formed by two solid cast bushings. 6. Dual axis solar tracker according to claim 1 characterized because the central shaft (2.2) is formed by a shaft which has a bun (2.4) formed by two cylindrical bushings that rotates one on each other, turning one of them jointly with the mounting bracket (2) and the other is attached to the surface on which the solar tracker is installed. 7. Dual axis solar tracker according claim 3 characterized because the wheels (2.3) are joined to the bottom of the beams (2.1) that compounds the mounting bracket (2). 8. Dual axis solar tracker according claim 1 characterized because it has two circular rings (3), which each of one has some wheels (2.3), which some of them (2.3), presents some gear motors (2.5) that transmits the rotation to the same one (2.3) for turning the base around the central axis (2.2). 9. Dual axis solar tracker according claim 1 characterized because the wheels (2.3) have a wing (2.3.1) and a core (2.3.2) that rests in a edge (3.1) of the rail(3), with the wing (2.3.1) of a wheel (2.3) alternately to the next (2.3) is, if the wing (2.3.1) of a wheel (2.3) alternating to the next one (2.3), that is, if the wing (2.3.1) of a wheel (2.3) is located on the inner side of the rail (3), the wing (2.3.1) of the next wheel (2.3) is located in the outside rail (3) and so on, all designed to facilitate the assembly and efforts distribution. 10. Dual axis solar tracker according claim 2 characterized because of the operation method of the slides is hydraulic, where a set of hydraulic pumps provides the necessary pressure to the hydraulic cylinders (6) connected by its free extreme to each one of the slides (4), so that the actuation of the hydraulic cylinders (6) produce a linear movement in the slides (4), which as are articulated to the bars (5) and these one in turn to the panels (1) produce the same turn (1) around a horizontal axis. 11. Dual axis solar tracker according claim 2 characterized because the operation method of the slides is electrical, where a motor (8) transmits the movement to a spindle (9) screwed on which is attached a nut (10) that is joined to the slides (4) that are moved due to movement of the nut (10) by the spindle (9). 12. Dual axis solar tracker according claim 4 characterized because so the feeding wires that come from a power source, as the wires that command the different components of the solar tracker from a control center (7), run through the inside of one or more distribution channels (2.2.1) located inside the central shaft (2.2) and connect to a turning collector (2.2.2) situated on the end of this distribution channel (2.2.1), where the other end of the collector (2.2.2) the electric current is transmitted to other cables that feed the gear motors (2.5) that drive the wheels (2.3) and to the control wires that command various components of the solar tracker, passing by the collector (2.2.2) as well the cables that conduct the electric current generated in the solar panels (1) to an electrical substation. 13. Dual axis solar tracker according claim 4 characterized because the central axis of rotation (2.2) present one or some frequency inverters (11) which allow control the turn speed of the gear motors (2.5). 14. Dual axis solar tracker according claims 12 and 13 characterized because the control center (7) presents a PLC that performs the control of the assembly and the command of the solar tracker by the work of the gear motors (2.5), electric motors (8), hydraulic cylinders (6), besides the PLC is connected to a weather station from which receives various parameters such as date and time, temperature, wind speed and direction and depending on then makes the command of the solar tracker to maximize its energy efficiency. 