A lighting apparatus includes a housing, a light source, and sign mounting hardware. The housing includes a top surface which is also a top surface of the entire lighting apparatus. The top surface of the lighting apparatus includes attachment means for coupling the lighting apparatus to light mounting hardware to suspend the lighting apparatus from a bottom surface of a crossarm of a sign post in a mounted position, so that the entire lighting apparatus suspends below a bottom surface of the crossarm of the sign post in the mounted position. The light source is within an internal compartment of the housing. The sign mounting hardware is coupled to the housing. The sign mounting hardware is configured to suspend a sign from the lighting apparatus, so that the entire sign suspends below the lighting apparatus in the mounted position.
Claims 1. A lighting apparatus, comprising: a housing with a top surface which is also a top surface of the entire lighting apparatus, wherein the top surface of the lighting apparatus comprises attachment means for coupling the lighting apparatus to light mounting hardware to suspend the lighting apparatus from a bottom surface of a crossarm of a sign post in a mounted position, so that the entire lighting apparatus suspends below a bottom surface of the crossarm of the sign post in the mounted position; a light source within an internal compartment of the housing; sign mounting hardware coupled to the housing, wherein the sign mounting hardware is configured to suspend a sign from the lighting apparatus, so that the entire sign suspends below the lighting apparatus in the mounted position. 2. The lighting apparatus of claim 1, wherein the attachment means in the housing comprises a slide channel defined in the top surface of the housing, the slide channel to receive the light mounting hardware for flexibly suspending the lighting apparatus from the bottom surface of the crossarm of the signpost. 3. The lighting apparatus of claim 2, further comprising a channel reduction insert, wherein the channel reduction insert comprises a central portion and a flange portion, wherein: the central portion of the channel reduction insert is approximately equal in dimensions to the slide channel defined in the top surface of the housing; the central portion of the channel reduction insert is configured to insert into the slide channel in the top surface of the housing; the central portion of the channel reduction insert defines a second slide channel that has a smaller width than the slide channel in the top surface of the housing; and the flange extends outward from the central portion to engage with a bottom side of the top surface of the housing. 4. The lighting apparatus of claim 1, wherein the sign mounting hardware is coupled to the housing and comprises a flange with a hole through the flange, wherein the hole is configured to receive additional sign mounting hardware for suspending the sign from the lighting apparatus. 5. The lighting apparatus of claim 4, wherein the flange devices a notched hole through the flange, wherein a bottom edge of the hole has a plurality of notches to receive the additional sign mounting hardware in one of the notches for suspending the sign from the lighting apparatus. 6. The lighting apparatus of claim 1, wherein the sign mounting hardware comprises a mounting support with at least one hole to receive threaded sign mounting hardware for suspending the sign from the lighting apparatus. 7. The lighting apparatus of claim 6, wherein the mounting support is coupled to a bottom side of the top surface of the housing, with the at least one hole directed downward so that the threaded sign mounting hardware, when engaged in the at least one hole, extends downward from the lighting apparatus. 8. The lighting apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a solar panel coupled to an exterior surface of the housing. 9. The lighting apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a battery within the housing, wherein the battery is electrically coupled to the light source. 10. The lighting apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a lens coupled to the housing to protect the light source from environmental conditions. 11. The lighting apparatus of claim 10, wherein the lens comprises a light distribution pattern to produce a light distribution pattern to illuminate the sign. 12. The lighting apparatus of claim 1, wherein the light source comprises a plurality of light emitting diodes (LEDs). 13. A system, comprising: a sign post having a crossarm, wherein the cross arm comprises a bottom surface; a lighting apparatus comprising: a housing to at least partially enclose a light source; and a photovoltaic cell coupled to an exterior surface of the housing, the photovoltaic cell to provide electrical energy to illuminate the light source; and light mounting hardware coupled between the bottom surface of the cross arm and a top surface of the lighting apparatus so that the entire lighting apparatus suspends below the bottom surface of the crossarm of the sign post. 14. The system of claim 13, wherein the lighting apparatus further comprises sign mounting hardware to hang a sign below the lighting apparatus so that the entire sign suspends below the lighting apparatus. 15. The system of claim 13, wherein the light mounting hardware comprises a lock to lock the lighting apparatus to the crossarm of the sign post. 16. The system of claim 14, wherein the housing comprises at least one slide channel to accommodate the lock in various positions along a length of the at least one slide channel. 17. The system of claim 13, light source is configured to illuminate the sign. 18. The system of claim 17, wherein the light source comprises a plurality of light emitting diodes (LEDs) to illuminate both sides of the sign. 19. The system of claim 13, wherein the lighting apparatus further comprises a battery coupled to the light source and the photovoltaic cell. 20. The system of claim 13, wherein the lighting apparatus further comprises control circuitry to control operation of the light source. 