A power generating system is assembled by integrating it within an exterior shell or facade of a building structure. The energy generating devices of the power generating system (which can be photovoltaic), control units and associated power/signal wiring are also incorporated and integrated within individual unitized curtain wall units making up the facade. Electrical power can be more advantageously generated from surface areas of building structures previously untapped for solar energy harvesting.
Claims 1. A method of assembling a power generating system integrated into a building facade comprising: arranging a plurality of interconnected unitized curtain wall units to define an exterior shell for a building structure; providing a plurality of energy conversion modules integrated within said plurality of interconnected unitized curtain wall units; orienting at least some of said plurality of energy conversion modules vertically within said exterior shell; configuring a plurality of integrated vertical and horizontal electrical conduits within said plurality of interconnected unitized curtain wall units to support electrical cabling for said plurality of energy conversion modules. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein said plurality of interconnected unitized curtain wall units occupy at least 50% of a vertical surface of said building structure which receives solar radiation. 3. The method of claim 1, further including a step: routing said electrical cabling within said exterior shell. 4. The method of claim 3, further including a step: coupling said electrical cabling to control modules also situated within said exterior shell. 5. The method of claim 4, further including a step: coupling a plurality of control modules to each other within said exterior shell. 6. The method of claim 5, further including a step: coupling a plurality of control modules to a management module. 7. The method of claim 6, further including a step: providing a disconnect switch for an output of said energy conversion modules. 8. The method of claim 7, further including a step: coupling said plurality of energy conversion modules to an inverter. 9. The method of claim 3 further including a step: generating power from an array of said energy conversion modules integrated entirely within said exterior shell. 10. The method of claim 9 further including a step: altering an orientation of said energy conversion modules or a flux path to track and maximize incident solar radiation energy. 11. The method of claim 9 further including a step: providing outlets within said building structure for charging electrical devices based on said power generated by said array. 12. The method of claim 1 further including a step: assembling said unitized curtain wall units offsite from said building structure and so as to include: a) both vertical and horizontal framing members adapted to support a photovoltaic energy conversion module; b) support brackets adapted to affix such units to said building floor slab; and c) sealants and/or gaskets adapted to connect and isolate said module. 13. The method of claim 1 wherein said building structure is one of a commercial structure, a residential structure, a parking structure, a hospital, an airport terminal, a train station terminal and/or a sea port terminal. 14. The method of claim 1 wherein the power generating system as constituted meets Underwriter Laboratories (UL) or other or other applicable local regulatory requirements associated with the building for building integrated power generation systems and does not require a separate electrical safety inspection prior to operation. 15. A method of assembling a photovoltaic power generating system integrated into a building facade comprising: hanging a plurality of interconnected unitized curtain wall units in a vertical orientation on a building structure slab to define an exterior facade for a building structure; wherein said facade does not provide any structural support for said building structure; wherein said plurality of unitized curtain wall units each includes an associated energy conversion module integrated within a glazing panel of such unitized curtain wall units that is mated to an electrical connector within a frame of such units; mounting an electrical wireway to said unitized curtain wall units capable of housing an electrical cabling for said associated energy conversion module; configuring at least a vertical or horizontal mullion of said unitized curtain wall units to carry said electrical cabling. 16. The method of claim 15, further including a step: routing said electrical cabling within said exterior shell. 17. The method of claim 15 further including a step: generating power from an array of said photovoltaic energy conversion modules integrated entirely within said exterior shell. 18. The method of claim 15 further including a step: assembling said unitized curtain wall units offsite from said building structure and so as to include: a) both vertical and horizontal framing members adapted to support a photovoltaic energy conversion module; b) support brackets adapted to affix such units to said building floor slab; and c) sealants and/or gaskets adapted to connect and isolate said module. 19. The method of claim 15 wherein said building structure is one of a commercial structure, a residential structure, a parking structure, a hospital, an airport terminal, a train station terminal and/or a sea port terminal. 20. The method of claim 15 wherein the power generating system as constituted meets Underwriter Laboratories (UL) or other or other applicable local regulatory requirements associated with the building for building integrated power generation systems and does not require a separate electrical safety inspection prior to operation. 