A recreational amusement (20) takes the form a cooler (21) having a toss-type game board (28) integrated with the cooler's lid (26). The toss-type game board (28) includes one or more cavities (29) in the top (27) of the lid (26). Provision is made for orienting the top (27) of the lid (26) in a sloping position for play of the game enabled by the game board (28). The cooler (21) retains all conventional features of a beverage type cooler.
Claims 1. A recreational amusement, said recreational amusement comprising: a cooler, said cooler comprising a body and lid, said lid having a top surface; a game board formed in the top surface of said lid; and wherein said top surface of said lid comprises sloping horizontal profile when positioned in place on said body. 2. The recreational amusement as recited in claim 1, wherein said game board comprises a cavity formed in said lid. 3. The recreational amusement as recited in claim 1, wherein said game board comprises a plurality of cavities formed in said lid. 4. The recreational amusement as recited in claim 3, wherein: said body comprises a top edge; and said top edge of said body comprises a sloping profile. 5. The recreational amusement as recited in claim 2, wherein: said body comprises a top edge, said top edge of said body comprising a horizontal profile; and said lid comprises a bottom surface, said bottom surface comprising a sloping edge profile. 6. The recreational amusement as recited in claim 2, said recreational amusement further comprising an insert for said cavity, said insert comprising embedded lighting. 7. The recreational amusement as recited in claim 6, wherein said said insert for said cavity comprises: a power source; and a switch, said switch being adapted to selectively convey power from said power source to said embedded lighting. 8. The recreational amusement as recited in claim 2, wherein said top surface of said lid is provided with mounting holes for removably affixing an attachment to said lid. 9. The recreation amusement as recited in claim 8, said recreational amusement further comprising an attachment for play of a game. 10. (canceled) 11. (canceled) 12. (canceled) 13. The recreational amusement as recited in claim 9, wherein said attachment comprises a ladder. 14. (canceled) 15. (canceled) 16. (canceled) 17. The recreational amusement as recited in claim 1, wherein said cooler comprises an integrated audio speaker. 18. The recreational amusement as recited in claim 17, wherein said audio speaker is integrated into said lid. 19. The recreational amusement as recited in claim 18, wherein said cooler further comprises a solar panel hingedly attached to said lid, said solar panel being adapted to provide power to said audio speaker. 20. The recreational amusement as recited in claim 17, wherein said cooler further comprises an interface port adapted for interconnection of a portable audio device to said audio speaker. 21. The recreational amusement as recited in claim 17, wherein said cooler further comprises a battery pack for providing power to said audio speaker. 22. The recreational amusement as recited in claim 21, wherein said battery pack comprises a charging port. 23. The recreational amusement as recited in claim 1, wherein said lid comprises an internal ballast adapted to stabilize said lid when floating in water. 24. The recreational amusement as recited in claim 1, wherein said lid is provided with removable legs. 25. The recreational amusement as recited in claim 1, wherein said lid is provided with folding legs. 