A junction box for a photovoltaic system includes a housing having a base and a cover removably attached thereto, and a plurality of guide channels extending from an exterior surface of the housing to an interior portion thereof. The guide channels are sized and shaped to receive a plurality of conductive foil strips from a solar panel array. When the strips are fed into the guide channels, they are guided to and properly positioned within corresponding receptacles. Each receptacle is sized and shaped to receive a buss bar, and each strip is connected to a corresponding buss bar by a low insertion connector. When the cover is fully engaged with the base, bosses extending from the cover press against the connectors, creating a spring tension and pinch and retain the associated strip. As a result, a reliable physical and electrical connection between the strips and the buss bars is achieved. A heat sink having a plurality of fins protrude outwardly from the housing to dissipate heat externally.
Claims 1. An electrical junction box, comprising a housing having an exterior surface, an interior portion, at least one receptacle positioned within said interior portion, and at least one guide channel extending from said exterior surface to said interior portion, said at least one guide channel including an outer end located on said exterior surface of said housing and an inner end located within said interior portion of said housing in communication with said at least one receptacle, said inner and outer ends of said at least one guide channel having different orientations, whereby an electrical conductor is extendible through said at least one guide channel in a non-linear fashion. 2. The electrical junction box of claim 1, wherein said at least one guide channel includes guiding means, located between said inner and outer ends of said at least one guide channel, for guiding the electrical conductor from a first direction to a second direction different from said first direction. 3. The electrical junction box of claim 2, wherein said guiding means of said at least one guide channel includes a first wall having a convex surface, and a second wall spaced from said first wall and having a concave surface. 4. The electrical junction box of claim 3, wherein said first and second directions are substantially perpendicular to one another. 5. The electrical junction box of claim 3, wherein said at least one receptacle includes a plurality of receptacles and said at least one guide channel includes a plurality of guide channels, whereby one of a plurality of electrical conductors is extendible through a corresponding one of said plurality of guide channels in a non-linear fashion. 6. The electrical junction box of claim 5, further comprising a plurality of buss bars, each of said plurality of receptacles being sized and shaped to receive one of said plurality of buss bars, each of said plurality of buss bars being connectable to a corresponding one of the plurality of electrical conductors. 7. The electrical junction box of claim 6, wherein each of said plurality of receptacles includes a pair of shoulders and a floor recessed between said pair of shoulders, and each of said plurality of buss bars includes a central portion and a pair of arms extending laterally therefrom, said arms of one of said plurality of buss bars rest on said shoulders of a corresponding one of said plurality of receptacles such that said central portion of said one of said plurality of buss bars is seated above said floor of said corresponding one of said plurality of receptacles. 8. The electrical junction box of claim 7, further comprising first connecting means for electrically connecting said plurality of buss bars to one another. 9. The electrical junction box of claim 8, wherein said first connecting means includes at least one diode. 10. The electrical junction box of claim 9, wherein said at least one diode includes a plurality of diodes. 11. The electrical junction box of claim 10, further comprising a heat sink mounted to said housing. 12. The electrical junction box of claim 11, wherein said heat sink includes a mounting portion positioned within said interior portion of said housing and a plurality of fins extending from said mounting portion and protruding externally from said housing. 13. The electrical junction box of claim 12, wherein said plurality of diodes are mounted to said mounting portion of said heat sink. 14. The electrical junction box of claim 13, wherein the plurality of electrical conductors includes a plurality of foil strips. 15. The electrical junction box of claim 14, wherein one of the plurality of foil strips is directed between said flat portion of a corresponding one of said plurality of receptacles and said central portion of a corresponding one of said plurality of buss bars when the foil strip is received by said corresponding one of said plurality of receptacles. 16. The electrical junction box of claim 15, further comprising second connecting means for connecting each of the plurality of foil strips to a corresponding one of said plurality of buss bars. 17. The electrical junction box of claim 16, wherein said second connecting means includes a plurality of electrical connectors, each of the plurality of foil strips being connectable to a corresponding one of said plurality of buss bars by a corresponding one of said plurality of electrical connectors. 18. The electrical junction box of claim 17, wherein said plurality of electrical connectors includes a plurality of low insertion connectors. 19. The electrical junction box of claim 18, wherein said housing includes a base and a cover, said base including a first end and a second end opposite said first end, said cover being removably attached to said first end of said base. 20. The electrical junction box of claim 19, wherein said outer ends of said plurality of guide channels are located at said second end of said base. 21. The electrical junction box of claim 20, wherein said cover includes an interior surface and at least one boss member extending from said interior surface of said cover, whereby when said cover is attached to said base, said at least one boss member is urged against one of said plurality of low insertion connectors to facilitate a mechanical and an electrical connection between a corresponding one of the plurality foil strips and a corresponding one of said plurality of buss bars. 22. The electrical junction box of claim 21, wherein said at least one boss member includes a plurality of boss members, whereby when said cover is attached to said base, each of said plurality of boss members is urged against a corresponding one of said plurality of low insertion connectors to facilitate a mechanical and an electrical connection between a corresponding one of the plurality of foil strips and a corresponding one of said plurality of buss bars. 23. The electrical junction box of claim 22, wherein said cover includes at least one latch member and said base includes at least one lock tab, said at least one latch member and said at least one lock tab being sized and shaped such that they are releasably engageable with one another. 24. The electrical junction box of claim 23, wherein said at least one latch member includes a plurality of latch members, and said at least one lock tab includes a plurality of lock tabs, each of said plurality of latch members being releasably engageable with a corresponding one of said plurality of lock tabs. 25. The electrical junction box of claim 18, wherein one of said plurality of low insertion connectors is electrically connected to an external device, and another of said plurality of low insertion connectors is electrically connected to the external device. 26. The electrical junction box of claim 25, wherein said external device includes a DC/AC power inverter. 27. The electrical junction box of claim 18, wherein one of said plurality of low insertion connectors is electrically connected to a first external device, and another of said plurality of low insertion connectors is electrically connected to a second external device. 28. The electrical junction box of claim 27, wherein said first external device includes a second electrical junction box and said second external device includes a third electrical junction box. 29. The electrical junction box of claim 24, wherein said plurality of foil strips are electrically connected to a photovoltaic system. 30. An electrical junction box, comprising a housing having an exterior surface, an interior portion, at least one receptacle positioned within said interior portion, and guiding means for guiding an electrical conductor from a location external of said housing to said at least one receptacle, whereby the electrical conductor is extendible through said guiding means in a non-linear fashion. 31. The electrical junction box of claim 30, wherein said guiding means includes at one guide channel extending from said exterior surface of said housing to said interior portion of said housing, said at least one guide channel including an outer end located on said exterior surface of said housing and an inner end located within said interior portion of said housing in communication with said at least one receptacle, said inner and outer ends of said at least one guide channel having different orientations, whereby the electrical conductor is extendible through said at least one guide channel in a non-linear fashion. 32. An electrical junction box, comprising a housing having an exterior surface, an interior portion, at least one receptacle positioned within said interior portion, and at least one guide channel extending from said exterior surface to said interior portion, said at least one guide channel including an outer end located on said exterior surface of said housing and an inner end located within said interior portion of said housing in communication with said at least one receptacle, whereby an electrical conductor is extendible through said at least one guide channel; at least one buss bar positioned within said at least one receptacle; and at least one low insertion connector for connecting the electrical conductor to said at least one buss bar. 33. An electrical junction box, comprising a housing having a base and a cover removably attached to said base, said base having an exterior surface, an interior portion, at least one receptacle positioned within said interior portion, and at least one guide channel extending from said exterior surface to said interior portion, said at least one guide channel including an outer end located on said exterior surface of said housing and an inner end located within said interior portion of said housing in communication with said at least one receptacle, whereby an electrical conductor is extendible through said at least one guide channel, said cover including an interior surface and at least one boss member extending from said interior surface of said cover; at least one buss bar positioned within said at least one receptacle; and at least one low insertion connector for connecting the electrical conductor to said at least one buss bar, whereby when said cover is attached to said base, said at least one boss member is urged against said at least one low insertion connector for facilitating a mechanical and an electrical connection between the electrical conductor and said at least one buss bar. 