A method of managing a centralized parking payment system (2), the system (2) including at least one pay and display machine (6) and a payment centralization server (4), the or each pay and display machine (6) permitting payment for parking spaces situated in a corresponding payment zone (44) and being capable of creating payment data for the parking spaces and of recording them in a payment transactions file, and each pay and display machine (6) communicating via a first connection (12) with the centralization server (4), is characterized in that it includes a nominal operating mode in which the or each pay and display machine (6) transmits the transaction file only when one of the transmission conditions, apart from the simple creation of payment data, is verified, in order to reduce its energy consumption.
Claims 1. Method of managing a centralized parking payment system (2), said system (2) comprising at least one pay and display machine (6) and a payment centralization server (4), the or each pay and display machine (6) permitting payment for parking spaces situated in a corresponding payment zone (44) and being capable of creating payment data for the parking spaces and of recording that data in a payment transactions file, and each pay and display machine (6) communicating via a first connection (12) with the centralization server (4), characterized in that it comprises a nominal operating mode in which the or each pay and display machine (6) transmits the transaction file only when one of the transmission conditions, apart from the simple creation of payment data, is verified, in order to reduce its energy consumption, and in that, in nominal operating mode, the ratio between the number of transaction files transmitted and the number of payment transactions is strictly less than 1. 2. Method according to claim 1, characterized in that exchanges of transaction files between the or each pay and display machine (6) and the centralization server (4) are at least partially aperiodic. 3. Method according to claim 1, characterized in that the transmission conditions include the receipt of a request from the centralization server (4). 4. Method according to claim 3, characterized in that the or each pay and display machine (6) is always in either nominal mode or parking fee payment monitoring mode, said monitoring mode being activated upon a request from an operator (10), and, in monitoring mode, the transaction file is transmitted to the centralization server (4) in dependence on the creation of payment data. 5. Method according to claim 4, characterized in that it comprises steps in which: an operator formulates a request for monitoring of the payment of parking fees in a monitoring zone (46), each pay and display machine (6) that is located in the monitoring zone (46) and has received the monitoring request from the centralization server (4) sends its transaction file to the centralization server (4), on a command from the centralization server (4), each pay and display machine (6) that has transmitted its transaction file passes into monitoring mode. 6. Method according to claim 1, characterized in that the transmission conditions include secondary conditions which are as follows: the pay and display machine (6) is connected to a server (16) external to the payment system (2), the pay and display machine (6) receives a payment transaction for a space outside its payment zone (44), and at least one payment transaction has been contained in the transaction file for a time that exceeds a predetermined time (Time_X). 7. Centralized parking payment system (2), of the type comprising at least one pay and display machine (6), a payment centralization server (4) and means (24, 32) for exchanging data via a first connection (12) between the centralization server (4) and the or each pay and display machine (6), the or each pay and display machine (6) comprising means (38, 39) for receiving a payment for parking spaces in a corresponding payment zone (44), means (28) for creating payment data for the parking spaces, and means (28, 30) for recording said payment data in a payment transactions file, characterized in that the or each pay and display machine (6) is capable, in a nominal operating mode, of transmitting a message only when one of the transmission conditions, apart from the simple creation of payment data, is verified, in order to reduce its energy consumption, and in that, in nominal operating mode, the ratio between the number of transaction files transmitted and the number of payment transactions is strictly less than 1. 8. System (2) according to claim 7, characterized in that each pay and display machine (6) is supplied with power by an autonomous battery (40). 9. System (2) according to claim 8, characterized in that each pay and display machine (6) comprises means (42) for recharging the autonomous battery (40) by solar energy. 10. System (2) according to claim 7, characterized in that each pay and display machine (6) is capable of communicating with an external server (16) via a first connection (12) and the centralization server (4), said external server (16) preferably being a banking server. 11. System (2) according to claim 7, characterized in that it comprises a portable computer (8) which is used by an operator (10) and communicates with the centralization server (4) via a second connection (14). 12. System (2) according to claim 8, characterized in that each pay and display machine (6) is capable of communicating with an external server (16) via a first connection (12) and the centralization server (4), said external server (16) preferably being a banking server. 13. System (2) according to claim 8, characterized in that it comprises a portable computer (8) which is used by an operator (10) and communicates with the centralization server (4) via a second connection (14). 13. Method according to claim 2, characterized in that the transmission conditions include the receipt of a request from the centralization server (4). 14. Method according to claim 2, characterized in that the transmission conditions include secondary conditions which are as follows: the pay and display machine (6) is connected to a server (16) external to the payment system (2), the pay and display machine (6) receives a payment transaction for a space outside its payment zone (44), and at least one payment transaction has been contained in the transaction file for a time that exceeds a predetermined time (Time_X). 