A method and device for the application of an elongated electric conductor to a solar element wherein the required length of the elongated electric conductor is readied and the conductor is strained through application of a tensile stress. The conductor is then fastened to the solar element. Straining of the elongated electric conductor is monitored to prevent exceeding of a tensile limit. During fastening onto the solar element at least one press-on roller is employed.
Claims 1. A method for the application to a solar element of an elongated electric conductor comprising the steps of: a. readying of a predetermined length of the elongated electric conductor; b. straining of the elongated electric conductor by application of a tensile stress; c. fastening the elongated electric conductor onto the solar element; d. monitoring the straining of the elongated electric conductor to prevent a tensile limit from being exceeded, which limit lies above a yield point of the elongated electric conductor; and e. during fastening, employing a press-on roller to roll the elongated electric conductor onto the solar element. 2. The method according to claim 1 wherein during readying, a free end of the elongated electric conductor is clamped fast by a clamping unit and by a translatory movement of the clamping unit is unwound from a drum. 3. The method according to claim 2 wherein the drum is motor-driven to assist the unwinding. 4. The method according to claim 1 wherein during straining the elongated electric conductor is clamped fast at both ends, one of the ends being clamped fast in a locationally fixed manner and another of the ends being clamped fast in a movable gripper. 5. The method according to claim 4 wherein for straining the elongated electric conductor, the gripper executes a translatory movement wherein a travel path of the translatory movement is predefined. 6. The method according to claim 1 wherein after straining the elongated electric conductor is cut off. 7. The method according to claim 1 wherein a tape guide is employed to support from underneath and guide the elongated electric conductor while the elongated electric conductor is rolled over and pressed on the solar element by a press-on roller. 8. A device with a station for the automatic application of an elongated electric conductor to a solar element, wherein the device comprises: a pull-out carriage and a clamping unit having means for temporarily gripping fast a free end of the elongated electric conductor; said pull-out carriage having a gripper to temporarily grip fast the free end of the elongated electric conductor and a press-on roller to roll over and press on, wherein before rolling-over and pressing-on, the elongated electric conductor can be strained through a movement of said gripper; and a device for monitoring a tensile limit during straining of the elongated electric conductor to prevent exceeding of a tensile limit which lies above a yield point of the elongated electric conductor. 9. The device according to claim 8 including a roll-on carriage having another press-on roller for rolling-over and pressing-on the elongated electric conductor, and a tape guide, wherein said tape guide can travel under the elongated electric conductor. 10. The device according to claim 8 including a clamping plate on said gripper for gripping fast, said clamping plate being actuatable by an eccentric shaft, said eccentric shaft being pneumatically actuatable. 11. The device according to claim 9 wherein said press-on rollers are pneumatically lowerable for setting a press-on force on rolling-over and pressing-on. 12. The device to claim 8 including a subassembly comprising said clamping unit, a cutting unit and a drive, wherein said clamping unit can execute a defined translatory relocation movement while said drive is locationally fixed. 13. The device according to claim 12 wherein said subassembly contains a compression spring which is compressed during the translatory relocation movement. 14. The device according to claim 12 wherein said subassembly includes a sensor that detects a springing back of said clamping unit relative to said drive. 15. The device according to claim 12 wherein during an approach of said pull-out carriage to said subassembly a mechanical interaction occurs that exposes a free end of the elongated electric conductor which can be clamped fast by said gripper. 