A method of preconditioning a potentially ischemic myocardium or treating a myocardium under an ischemic distress event is disclosed. The method comprises exposing the myocardium to an alternating magnetic field at a frequency of from 15.5N Hz to about 16.5N Hz or from 7.8 Hz to 8.2 Hz and duration selected so as to activate potassium ATP channels in the myocardium, wherein N is a positive integer.
Claims 1. A method of preconditioning a potentially ischemic myocardium of a subject, comprising exposing the myocardium to an alternating magnetic field at a frequency of from 15.5N Hz to about 16.5N Hz or from 7.8 Hz to 8.2 Hz and duration selected so as to activate potassium ATP channels in the myocardium, wherein N is a positive integer. 2. A method of treating a myocardium under an ischemic distress event of a subject, comprising exposing the myocardium to an alternating magnetic field at a frequency of from 15.5N Hz to about 16.5N Hz or from 7.8 Hz to 8.2 Hz and duration selected so as to activate potassium ATP channels in the myocardium, wherein N is a positive integer. 3. The method of claim 2, wherein said ischemic distress event comprises at least one event selected from the group consisting of angina, unstable angina, intermediate coronary syndrome, myocardial infarction, and ischemia due to no-reflow during percutaneous coronary intervention. 4. The method of claim 1, further comprising performing a percutaneous coronary intervention following said exposure to said alternating magnetic field. 5. The method of claim 4, wherein said exposure to said alternating magnetic field is performed so as to reduce or prevent no-reflow phenomenon in said myocardium. 6. The method of claim 1, further comprising monitoring ECG signals from the subject. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein said exposure to said alternating magnetic field is at least until a QT interval of characterizing said ECG signal is shortened. by at least 5%. 8. A method of treating a smooth muscle conduit of a subject, comprising exposing the smooth muscle conduit to an alternating magnetic field at a frequency of from 15.5N Hz to about 16.5N Hz or from 7.8 Hz to 8.2 Hz and duration selected so as to activate potassium ATP channels in cells of the smooth muscle conduit, wherein N is a positive integer. 9. The method of claim 8, wherein said smooth muscle conduit comprises a blood vessel. 10. The method of claim 8, wherein said smooth muscle conduit comprises a retinal arteriole. 11. The method of claim 8, wherein said smooth muscle conduit comprises a gastrointestinal tract. 12. The method of claim 8, wherein said smooth muscle conduit comprises a bladder. 13. The method of claim 8, wherein said smooth muscle conduit comprises a kidney. 14. The method of claim 8, wherein said smooth muscle conduit comprises a trachea. 15. A method enhancing blood perfusion of a dermal layer of a subject, comprising exposing the dermal layer to an alternating magnetic field at a frequency of from 15.5N Hz to about 16.5N Hz or from 7.8 Hz to 8.2 Hz and duration selected so as to activate potassium ATP channels in the dermal layer, wherein N is a positive integer. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein said dermal layer is a part of a face of the subject. 17. The method of claim 15, wherein said dermal layer is a part of a scalp of the subject. 18. The method of claim 1, further comprising administrating to the subject a potassium ATP channel opener drug. 19. The method of claim 15, wherein the subject is diabetic. 20. A drug delivery method, comprising administrating to a subject a therapeutic amount of at least one drug and exposing an organ of said subject to an alternating magnetic field at a frequency of from 15.5N Hz to about 16.5N Hz or from 7.8 Hz to 8.2 Hz and duration selected so as to activate potassium ATP channels in said organ, wherein N is a positive integer. 21. A method of reducing the likelihood for skin damage to an organ of a subject being irradiated by solar radiation, comprising exposing the organ to an alternating magnetic field at a frequency of from 15.5N Hz to about 16.5N Hz or from 7.8 Hz to 8.2 Hz while the organ is irradiated by the solar radiation. 22. The method of claim 1, wherein said exposure to said alternating magnetic field comprises applying said alternating magnetic field to a skin of the subject. 23. A medical device, comprising a patch designed attachable to a skin of a subject, and an alternating magnetic field generator mounted on or integrated in said patch and configured for generating an alternating magnetic field in the direction of said skin. 24. The device of claim 23, wherein said patch comprises at least one medicament incorporated therein for intradermal or transdermal delivery of said at least one medicament to the subject. 25. A mobile system, comprising a cellular telephone unit and an alternating magnetic field generator configured for generating an alternating magnetic field at a frequency of from 15.5N Hz to about 16.5N Hz or from 7.8 Hz to 8.2 Hz, wherein N is a positive integer. 26. The system of claim 25, wherein said alternating magnetic field generator is detachable from said cellular telephone unit. 27. The device of claim 23, further comprising a user interface for selecting or adjusting at least one parameter characterizing said alternating magnetic field. 28. The method of claim 1, wherein said alternating magnetic field is generated at an intensity which is less than 10 microteslas. 29. A shielding device, comprising a ferromagnetic core having a closed shape and being embedded in a garment designed to be worn by a subject and cover an organ thereof, wherein said ferromagnetic core is designed and constructed to substantially prevent penetration of an alternating magnetic field at a frequency of less than 300 Hz therethrough. 30. The device of claim 29, wherein said organ is a chest. 31. The device of claim 29, wherein said organ is a abdomen. 32. The device of claim 31, the subject is a pregnant woman. 33. The device of claim 29, wherein said ferromagnetic core comprises a plurality of layers. 