The present invention concerns a battery system including at least one battery unit for storing electric energy for use in connection with equipment, such as comfort equipment and/or safety equipment on a vehicle, preferably on a bicycle, as well as a bicycle with such a battery system. The new feature of a battery unit according to the invention is that the exterior of the battery unit is shaped as a seat, preferably a bicycle seat, where the battery unit at least comprises a number of interconnected battery cells, at least one terminal for connecting to equipment and/or charging the battery, and where the battery unit includes at least one outer casing which constitutes the surface of the seat.
Claims 1-10. (canceled) 11. A battery system including at least one battery unit for storing electric energy for use in connection with equipment, on a bicycle, wherein the exterior of the battery unit is shaped as a seat, where the battery unit at least comprises a number of interconnected battery cells, at least one terminal for connecting to equipment and/or charging the battery, and where the battery unit includes at least one outer casing which constitutes the surface of the seat, wherein the at least one terminal of the battery unit is arranged in the joint between seat and saddle post. 12. A battery system including at least one battery unit according to claim 11, wherein the battery unit includes a saddle post, where at least one terminal is arranged in the saddle post, and where connection of the battery unit occurs by mounting the saddle post on a bicycle. 13. A battery system including at least one battery unit according to claim 12, wherein the battery unit includes a saddle post that may be folded in longitudinal direction of the seat. 14. A battery system including at least one battery unit according to claim 11, wherein the battery unit is inserted in a slot or a drawer in the seat preferably in the rear end of the seat. 15. A battery system including at least one battery unit according to claim 1, wherein the battery unit is mounted with a quick-action fastening device for easy mounting and dismounting. 16. A battery system including at least one battery unit according to claim 15, wherein the battery unit is provided with a carrying handle. 17. A battery system including at least one battery unit according to claim 11, wherein the battery unit is provided with battery cells of lithium polymer type. 18. A battery system including at least one battery unit according to claim 11, wherein the battery system further includes a battery charger which is adapted to charging a battery unit with energy from a source of energy. 19. A battery system including at least one battery unit according to claim 11, wherein the battery system further includes a battery charger which is adapted to charging a battery unit with energy from solar cells, where the solar cells are disposed on or in connection with the bicycle. 20. A bicycle with a battery system including at least one battery unit wherein the bicycle is a pedal-powered bicycle with or without auxiliary motor, and wherein a battery unit is integrated in the seat of the bicycle. 21. A bicycle according to claim 20, wherein the exterior of the battery unit is shaped as a seat, where the battery unit at least comprises a number of interconnected battery cells, at least one terminal for connecting to equipment and/or charging the battery, and where the battery unit includes at least one outer casing which constitutes the surface of the seat, wherein the at least one terminal of the battery unit is arranged in the joint between seat and saddle post. 22. A bicycle according to at least one battery unit according to claim 21, wherein the battery unit includes a saddle post, where at least one terminal is arranged in the saddle post, and where connection of the battery unit occurs by mounting the saddle post on a bicycle. 23. A bicycle according to at least one battery unit according to claim 22, wherein the battery unit includes a saddle post that may be folded in longitudinal direction of the seat. 24. A bicycle according to at least one battery unit according to claim 21, wherein the battery unit is inserted in a slot or a drawer in the seat. 