A system includes an energy storage device, a power generator, and a controller. The energy storage device is operable to power a load. The power generator is operable to charge the energy storage device. The controller is operable to generate an energy storage metric representing a quantity of energy stored in the energy storage device over a first time interval and adjust at least one power consumption characteristic of the load for a second time interval based on the energy storage metric.
Claims 1. A system, comprising: an energy storage device operable to power a load; a power generator operable to charge the energy storage device; and a controller operable to generate an energy storage metric representing a quantity of energy stored in the energy storage device over a first time interval and adjust at least one power consumption characteristic of the load for a second time interval based on the energy storage metric. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the energy storage metric comprises a percentage of a maximum output of the power generator over the first time interval. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the load comprises a lighting device, and the at least one power consumption characteristic comprises an intensity characteristic of the lighting device. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the load comprises a lighting device, and the at least one power consumption characteristic comprises a duty cycle characteristic of the lighting device. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the controller is operable to access a lookup table specifying the at least one power consumption characteristic as a function of the energy storage metric. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the power generator comprises a solar panel and the energy storage device comprises a rechargeable battery. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the controller is operable to isolate the power generator from the energy storage device responsive to a voltage of the battery being greater than a predetermined threshold. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein the controller is operable to disable the load responsive to a voltage of the battery being less than a predetermined threshold. 9. A system, comprising: a lighting device; a rechargeable battery operable to power the lighting device; a solar panel operable to charge the rechargeable battery; and a controller operable to generate an energy storage metric representing a power output of the solar panel over a first time interval and adjust at least one power consumption characteristic of the lighting device for a second time interval based on the energy storage metric. 10. The system of claim 9, further comprising a sign, wherein the lighting device is mounted to the sign. 11. The system of claim 10, wherein the lighting device comprises a plurality of light emitting diodes mounted to the sign. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein the controller is operable to control an intensity of the light emitting diodes by controlling an amount of current provided per light emitting diode. 13. The system of claim 11, wherein the sign comprises a plurality of vertices, and the light emitting diodes are disposed proximate at least one of the vertices. 14. The system of claim 9, further comprising a traffic control device, wherein the lighting device is mounted to the traffic control device. 15. The system of claim 9, wherein the controller is operable to control a duty cycle of the lighting device based on the energy storage metric. 16. The system of claim 9, wherein the controller is operable to control an intensity of the lighting device based on the energy storage metric. 17. The system of claim 9, wherein the controller comprises: a blink cycle timer operable to control blinking of the lighting device in accordance with a duty cycle; a solar charge detector operable to indicate an energy output of the solar panel; and a control unit operable to monitor the energy output indicated by the solar charge detector to generate the energy storage metric and determine the power consumption characteristic based on the energy storage metric. 18. The system of claim 9, wherein the controller is operable to access a lookup table specifying the at least one power consumption characteristic as a function of the energy storage metric. 19. The system of claim 9, wherein the energy storage metric is a percentage of a maximum output of the solar panel. 20. The system of claim 9, wherein the controller is operable to isolate the solar panel from the rechargeable battery responsive to a voltage of the battery being greater than a predetermined threshold. 21. The system of claim 9, wherein the controller is operable to disable the lighting device responsive to a voltage of the battery being less than a predetermined threshold. 22. The system of claim 9, wherein the controller is operable to operate the lighting device in a night mode responsive to the energy storage metric being less than a predetermined threshold. 23. The system of claim 9, further comprising a memory device, wherein the controller is operable to store at least one parameter associated with its operation in the memory device. 24. The system of claim 23, further comprising a communications device operable to communicate with the memory device. 25. The system of claim 24, wherein the communications device comprises a wireless communications device. 26. The system of claim 9, wherein the controller is operable to enable operation of the lighting device responsive to receiving an external input signal. 27. The system of claim 26, wherein external input signal comprises at least one of a pushbutton signal or a sensor signal. 28. A method for controlling power consumption of a load powered by an energy storage device, comprising: monitoring energy stored in the energy storage device by a power generator to generate an energy storage metric representing a quantity of energy stored in the energy storage device over a first time interval; and adjusting a power consumption characteristic of the load for a second time interval based on the energy storage metric. 29. The method of claim 28, wherein the energy storage metric is a percentage of a maximum output of the power generator. 30. The method of claim 28, wherein the load comprises a lighting device, and the power consumption characteristic comprises an intensity characteristic of the lighting device. 31. The method of claim 28, wherein the load comprises a lighting device, and the power consumption characteristic comprises a duty cycle characteristic of the lighting device. 32. The method of claim 28, further comprising accessing a lookup table specifying the at least one power consumption characteristic as a function of the energy storage metric. 