A solar energy cover system, landfill cover system and method of use. The solar landfill cover system typically comprises a foundation layer of compacted soil above a solid waste pile and a solar cell geomembrane on top of the foundation layer. The solar landfill geomembrane preferably comprises a flexible solar portion and a flexible water impermeable geosynthetic portion. The flexible solar portion is on a top side and comprises solar cells and the geosynthetic portion is on a bottom side and comprises a layer of a flexible water impermeable geomembrane.
Claims 1-14. (canceled) 15. A landfill cover system covering a waste pile, comprising: a foundation layer of compacted soil positioned over at least a portion of the waste pile; a geomembrane material having a top surface and a bottom surface, the bottom surface being positioned over at least a portion of said foundation layer; a photovoltaic module having a top surface and a bottom surface, the bottom surface of said photovoltaic module being positioned adjacent the top surface of said geomembrane material; and means for electronically connecting said photovoltaic module to an electrical load wherein said foundation layer and said waste pile are formed to define at least one anchor trench, and wherein at least a portion of said geomembrane material conforms to at least a portion of said anchor trench to anchor said geomembrane material to said waste pile. 16. (canceled) 17. The landfill cover system of claim 15 wherein said photovoltaic module is provided on said geomembrane material at a position adjacent said anchor trench, and wherein said means for electrically connecting said photovoltaic module to an electrical load comprises at least one electrical conduit, said electrical conduit being provided in said anchor trench so that said electrical conduit is generally located below a surface grade of said landfill cover system. 18. A method for covering a waste pile, comprising: creating a foundation layer on the waste pile by placing soil over the top of the solid waste pile and compacting the soil to form the foundation layer; covering at least a portion of the foundation layer with a geomembrane material; and mounting at least one photovoltaic module to the geomembrane material. 19. (canceled) 20. The method of claim 18, further comprising providing an electrical conduit within said anchor trench. 21. The method of claim 20, further comprising electrically connecting the photovoltaic module to an electrical load via the electrical conduit provided within said anchor trench. 22.-39. (canceled) 40. The landfill cover system claimed in claim 15 wherein said geomembrane is a fiber reinforced membrane. 41. The landfill cover system claimed in claim 40 wherein said geomembrane is TPO. 42. The landfill cover system claimed in claim 15 wherein said photovoltaic module is adhered to said geomembrane with an adhesive having an elastic modulus greater than an elastic modulus of said geomembrane. 