A power source affected by a geographically propagating condition (e.g. a weather-related condition) is monitored to detect changes in its power output. Characteristics of the monitored changes are analyzed to detect whether the changes are being caused by a geographically-propagating condition that could affect other power sources nearby. The information obtained from the measurements is used to extrapolate impending power-output changes in the same source, in one or more other sources, or in a collection of sources subject to effects of the propagating condition. The extrapolations enable one or more power generating systems associated with the source(s) to maintain the changes in its total power output within operating requirements.
Claims 1. A method for controlling a power generation system, the method comprising: acquiring a measurement related to real-time power output from a power source; identifying any characteristics of the measurement that indicate the influence of a geographically propagating condition; extrapolating an expected power-output change due to the continued propagation of the geographically propagating condition, comparing the expected power-output change with predetermined criteria to produce a comparison result, and selecting and executing an appropriate response if the comparison result exceeds the predetermined threshold criteria. 2. The method of claim 1, where the extrapolating includes calculating at least one of: an onset, an amplitude, a rate of change, and. a duration of the expected power-output change. 3. The method of claim 2, where the expected power-output change is that expected from a geographically separate power source capable of being affected by the geographically propagating condition. 4. The method of claim 3, further comprising combining the extrapolations applicable to a plurality of power sources connected to deliver power through a single supply point to calculate a cumulative expected power-output change for the supply point. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein the geographically propagating condition comprises a weather-related condition capable of affecting power output. 6. The method of claim 5, where the geographically propagating condition comprises one or more of: a changing solar illumination or solar spectral condition, a changing temperature condition, and a changing wind or ambient-pressure condition. 7. The method of claim 5, where the power source comprises at least one photovoltaic module and the extrapolating of the expected power change comprises applying modification factors for at least one of: characteristics of surrounding terrain, age of a photovoltaic module, solar illumination angle relative to the power source as a function of time, and historical information on typical local weather. 8. The method of claim 5, further comprising: correlating the measurement with an independent weather-factor measurement or forecast, and determining to what extent the measurement of the power source indicates the influence of weather-related conditions from the correlation of the power-source measurement with the independent weather-factor measurement or forecast. 9. The method of claim 1, where the predetermined criteria represent one or more limits of acceptable power-change characteristics, derived from one or more of: internal or customer specifications, regulatory requirements, demand schedules, limitations of a connected grid, and production targets of scheduled power & intermittent energy. 10. The method of claim 1, where: the comparison result comprises a decrease in output power at a rate exceeding the predetermined threshold, and the appropriate response comprises gradually decreasing the power delivered by the power generating system, beginning in advance of the expected onset of the weather-related decrease, at a rate that does not exceed the predetermined threshold. 11. The method of claim 1, where the comparison result comprises an increase in output power at a rate exceeding the predetermined threshold, and the appropriate response comprises slowing the increase in power delivered by the power generating system, beginning when the weather-related increase is sensed, at a rate that does not exceed the predetermined threshold. 12. The method of claim 1, where the appropriate response comprises at least one of: ceasing power generation or delivery from a selected inverter at a selected time, resuming power generation or delivery from a selected inverter at a selected time, changing the operating point of a selected inverter at a selected time, and using an inverter that automatically senses an increase in input power and responds by limiting the upward rate of change in output power. 13. The method of claim 1, where: and the appropriate response comprises adjusting the power output of a power source to mitigate an expected power-output change that would otherwise exceed the predetermined criteria, and the adjusting of the power output comprises delivering less than all the available power from the power source; and further comprising diverting at least some of the undelivered available power to energy storage. 14. The method of claim 1, further comprising: measuring an actual power-output change corresponding to the expected power-output change, storing the expected power-output change and the corresponding actual power-output change as records, retrieving a record including a stored expected power-output change similar to a presently extrapolated expected power-output change, generating a set of correction factors based on the correlation between the expected and actual power-output changes in the retrieved record, and applying the set of correction factors to the present extrapolation. 15. The method of claim 1, where the expected power-output change is that of the power source providing the acquired measurement. 16. A programmed storage medium containing instructions and data for controlling a power system, the instructions and data comprising: instructions for acquiring a measurement related to real-time power output from a power source; instructions for identifying any characteristics of the measurement that indicate the influence of a geographically propagating condition; instructions for extrapolating an expected power-output change due to the continued propagation of the geographically propagating condition, instructions for comparing the expected power-output change with predetermined threshold criteria to produce a comparison result, and instructions for selecting and executing an appropriate response if the comparison result exceeds the predetermined threshold criteria. 17. The programmed storage medium of claim 16, further comprising instructions for identifying the influence of a weather-related geographically propagating condition by correlating the acquired measurement with an independent measurement or forecast of a weather-related factor. 18. The programmed storage medium of claim 16, further comprising instructions for calculating at least one of the onset, amplitude, rate of change, and duration of the expected power-output change. 19. The programmed storage medium of claim 18, where the instructions for extrapolating relate to an expected power-output change in a power source geographically separated from the power source from which the measurement was acquired, and further comprising: data on the locations of the measurement power source and the extrapolation power source, and instructions for using the location data for extrapolating the expected power change. 20. The programmed storage medium of claim 19, further comprising instructions for combining the extrapolations for a plurality of power sources on a common time axis to calculate a net expected power change at a supply point connected to the plurality of power sources. 21. The programmed storage medium of claim 16, further comprising data related to at least one of characteristics of surrounding terrain, age of a photovoltaic module, solar illumination angle relative to the power source as a function of time, and historical information on typical local weather. 22. The programmed storage medium of claim 16, where the appropriate responses include adjusting the power output of a power source to mitigate the aspects of an expected power-output change that exceed the predetermined threshold criteria. 23. The programmed storage medium of claim 22, further comprising instructions for adjusting the power output by controlling at least one selected inverter to do at least one of: ceasing or resuming power generation or delivery, and changing the inverter operating point to increase or decrease generated power. 24. The programmed storage medium of claim 22, further comprising instructions for an inverter to automatically limit the rate of increase in power generation or delivery to a predetermined acceptable ramp-rate when the inverter senses an increase in power input. 25. The programmed storage medium of claim 16, further comprising: instructions for recording an actual power-output change corresponding to the expected power-output change and storing the pair of power-output changes in a record, instructions for retrieving a record that includes a stored expected power-output change similar to a presently extrapolated expected power-output change, instructions for generating a set of correction factors based on the correlation between the expected and actual power-output changes in the retrieved record, and instructions for applying the set of correction factors to the present extrapolation. 26. The programmed storage medium of claim 25, where the expected power-output change is extrapolated for the power source that provided the acquired measurement. 27. An apparatus for controlling a power generating system, comprising: means for acquiring a measurement of power output from a power source, means for identifying any characteristics of the measurement that indicate the influence of a geographically propagating condition; means for extrapolating an expected power-output change due to the continued propagation of the geographically propagating condition, means for comparing the expected power-output change with predetermined criteria to produce a comparison result, and means for selecting and executing an appropriate response if the comparison result exceeds the predetermined threshold criteria. 28. The apparatus of claim 27, further comprising: means for measuring output power from a plurality of geographically separate solar panels in real time, means for calculating the rate of change of the output power for each of the plurality of geographically separate solar panels, means for accessing location data for each of the plurality of geographically separate solar panels, and means for extrapolating the future expected change and rate of change in output power for solar panels at other locations from results of the measuring, calculating, and accessing operations. 