A transportable modular multi-appliance device comprises a container, a primary power source for producing AC power, a plurality of AC-powered functional modules, AC outlets, sensors, and a controller. The primary power source is inside the container, and the functional modules are removably mounted inside the container and removably electrically coupled to the primary power source to receive AC power therefrom. The AC outlets are also electrically coupled to the primary power source. The sensors detect conditions inside the container and associated with the functional modules, and the controller is coupled to the primary power source and to the sensors and configured to automatically control the primary power source and allocate the AC power among the functional modules and the AC outlets in response to inputs from the sensors.
Claims 1. A transportable modular multi-appliance device, comprising: a container; a primary power source for producing AC power, the primary power source disposed inside the container; a plurality of AC-powered functional modules having electrical coupling means for electrical coupling to the primary power source so as to receive the AC power from the primary power source, each AC-powered functional module mounted within the container; a plurality of sensors for monitoring the AC-powered functional modules; and a controller, the controller coupled to the primary power source and to the sensors and configured to automatically control the primary power source and allocate the AC power supplied by the primary power source among the AC-powered functional modules in response to inputs from the plurality of sensors. 2. The transportable modular multi-appliance device of claim 1, further comprising a plurality of AC outlets electrically coupled to the primary power source so as to receive the AC power from the primary power source, the AC outlets being accessible from outside the container, and wherein the controller is configured to automatically control the primary power source and allocate the AC power supplied by the primary power source among the AC-powered functional modules and the AC outlets in response to inputs from the plurality of sensors. 3. The transportable modular multi-appliance device of claim 2, wherein the primary power source is an electricity generator. 4. The transportable modular multi-appliance device of claim 3, wherein the primary power source is a member selected from the group consisting of a generator powered by a combustion engine, solar energy, wind and geothermal energy. 5. The transportable modular multi-appliance device of claim 1, wherein the plurality of AC-powered functional modules includes at least one secondary power source, each secondary power source operable to convert the AC power into a respective secondary form of power. 6. The transportable modular multi-appliance device of claim 5, wherein the secondary forms of power are selected from the group consisting of pneumatic power, AC electric power, DC electric power, hydraulic power and mechanical power. 7. The transportable modular multi-appliance device of claim 5, wherein the secondary power sources are selected from the group consisting of welding power supplies, plasma cutters, air compressors, hydraulic power units, and pressure washers. 8. The transportable modular multi-appliance device of claim 1, wherein the sensors include at least one diagnostic sensor positioned to monitor an operational parameter of at least one of the AC-powered functional modules, and wherein the controller is configured to cause the primary power source to cease supplying the AC power to a corresponding one of the AC-powered functional modules in response to an input from an associated diagnostic sensor indicating a fault in that AC-powered functional module. 9. The transportable modular multi-appliance device of claim 1, wherein set plurality of AC powered functional modules are removably mounted. 10. The transportable modular multi-appliance device of claim 1, further comprising at least one fire sensor positioned to detect a fire inside the container, and wherein the controller is configured to deactivate the primary power source in response to a signal from the at least one fire sensor indicating a fire. 11. The transportable modular multi-appliance device of claim 9, wherein the controller is further configured to provide an alarm signal in response to a signal from the at least one fire sensor indicating a fire. 12. The transportable modular multi-appliance device of claim 1, wherein the sensors include usage sensors for each of the AC-powered functional modules indicating whether the associated AC-powered functional module is in use, and wherein the controller is configured to cause the primary power source to cease supplying the AC power to a corresponding one of the AC-powered functional modules in response to an input from an associated one of the usage sensors indicating that the corresponding one of the AC-powered functional modules has been idle for a predetermined period of time. 13. The transportable modular multi-appliance device of claim 1, wherein the container is ISO 668 compliant. 14. A mobile transportable modular multi-appliance device comprising: a mobile platform; a primary power source for producing AC power, the primary source mounted to the mobile platform; a plurality of AC-powered functional modules having electrical coupling means for coupling to the primary power source so as to receive the AC power from the primary power source, each AC-powered functional module mounted to the platform; a plurality of sensors monitoring the AC-powered functional modules; and a controller, the controller coupled to the primary power source and to the sensors and configured to automatically control the primary power source and allocate the AC power supplied by the primary power source among the AC-powered functional modules in response to input from the plurality of sensors. 15. The mobile transportable modular multi-appliance device of claim 14 wherein said plurality of AC-powered functional modules are removably mounted. 