An assembly, solar panel, and solar panel protection system have a deployable and retractable flexible resilient mesh barrier which can be extended to cover and protect a surface which is vulnerable to hail and other airborne projectiles. The mesh barrier can be attached to a frame so as to occupy a plane over the surface. The mesh can be held on a powered or unpowered reel and extended on demand. The reel can have an automatically acting controller which extends the mesh responsive to a remote signal such as a warning signal from a weather announcing authority. The mesh barrier can incorporate a heating element to remove accumulated ice.
Claims 1. An assembly for protecting a planar surface comprising: a flexible material; a reel for deploying said flexible material; and a frame disposed to hold said flexible material in a spread out configuration above said planar surface when said flexible material is deployed. 2. The assembly of claim 1, wherein said reel is capable of deploying said flexible material when said flexible material is stored within said reel and capable of retracting said flexible material into said reel after said flexible material is deployed. 3. The assembly of claim 2, further comprising an actuator disposed to rotate said reel selectively in opposed directions corresponding to deploying said flexible material from said reel and retracting said flexible material into said reel to tighten said flexible material. 4. The assembly of claim 3, further comprising a wireless controller for activating said actuator responsive to a remote signal. 5. The assembly of claim 1, wherein said flexible material comprises a protective mesh material that is bi-axially resilient. 6. The assembly of claim 1, further comprising a heating element disposed in said flexible material to melt ice in the vicinity of said flexible material. 7. A solar panel assembly comprising: a canopy; a spool for storing said canopy; an engine for deploying or retracting said canopy from said spool; at least one processor; and a memory operatively coupled to said processor, said memory storing program instructions that when executed by said processor, causes said processor to: receive a signal; rotate said engine to deploy said canopy when said signal specifies closing said solar panel assembly; rotate said engine to retract said canopy when said signal specifies opening said solar panel assembly. 8. The solar panel assembly of claim 7, wherein said signal is dependent on environmental conditions. 9. The solar panel assembly of claim 7, wherein said memory storing program instructions, when executed by said processor, causes said processor to determine energy production of said solar panel assembly. 10. The solar panel assembly of claim 7, wherein said memory storing program instructions, when executed by said processor, causes said processor to provide said usage of energy of said solar panel assembly to a central facility. 11. The solar panel assembly of claim 10, wherein said central facility determines whether there is a break in said solar panel assembly. 12. The solar panel assembly of claim 7, further comprising a display for tracking said solar panel assembly. 13. The solar panel assembly of claim 7, further comprising a plug and play device for monitoring said solar panel assembly. 14. The solar panel assembly of claim 7, further comprising a camera. 15. The solar panel assembly of claim 7, wherein rotating said engine to deploy said canopy comprises: positioning said canopy in line with a bar clamp; locking said bar clamp to said canopy; and reversing said canopy while side bar clamp is locked to said canopy to tighten said canopy. 16. The solar panel assembly of claim 15, wherein rotating said engine to retract said canopy comprises: unlocking said bar clamp from said canopy; and reversing said canopy. 17. A solar panel protection system comprising: a motor; a covering; a frame surrounding at least one photovoltaic module comprising a front edge, a back edge, and first and second longitudinally extending side edges, said first and second longitudinally extending side edges having a track on a top portion thereof; and a member coupled to said covering for traversing said track on said top portion of said first and second longitudinally extending side edges to deploy and retract said covering using said motor. 18. The solar panel protection system of claim 17, further comprising a bar clamp coupled to said front edge of said frame. 19. The solar panel protection system of claim 18, wherein said member comprises: a first structure capable of being coupled to a bar clamp when said covering is deployed; a second structure coupled to said covering; and at least tightening element connecting said first structure and said second structure for tightening said covering when deployed. 20. The solar panel protection system of claim 17, further comprising a scoop positioned above said track to remove debris or other material from said covering. 21. The solar panel protection system of claim 17, further comprising a secondary track on said first and second longitudinally extending side edges, wherein said secondary track is placed above said photovoltaic module, said second track used by an element for cleaning said photovoltaic module. 22. The solar panel protection system of claim 21, wherein said cleaning element comprises a liquid dispensing member and a wiper blade or said liquid dispensing member and a buffer device. 23. The solar panel protection system of claim 17, further comprising a manual override switch. 24. The solar panel protection system of claim 17, wherein said at least one photovoltaic module provides power to said motor. 