A flexible photovoltaic module has a flexible substrate having integrated electrically conductive portions, an array of functional tiles on the substrate, wherein the functional tiles include solar cell tiles, the functional tiles being separated by a spacing which determines the bending radius of the module, the tiles at least partially in electrical contact with the electrically conductive portions, the solar tiles electrically connected in one of either electrical series or parallel configuration to produce an electrical power output. A method of manufacturing flexible, photovoltaic modules, includes manufacturing at least one functional material, forming the functional material into functional tiles, mounting the functional tiles onto a flexible substrate into an array of functional tiles with spacing between the tiles, the spacing selected to provide flexibility, and forming circuitry on the flexible substrate to electrically connect the functional tiles to one of either input/output circuitry or other tiles.
Claims 1. A flexible photovoltaic module, comprising: a flexible substrate having integrated electrically conductive portions; an array of functional tiles on the substrate, wherein the functional tiles include solar cell tiles, the functional tiles being separated by a spacing which determines the bending radius of the module; the tiles at least partially in electrical contact with the electrically conductive portions; the solar tiles electrically connected in one of either electrical series or parallel configuration to produce an electrical power output. 2. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, wherein the array of solar tiles includes solar tiles that are portions of different types of solar cells. 3. The photovoltaic module of claim 2, wherein the different types of solar cells include at least one of solar cells made of III-V materials, silicon, chalcogenides, fluorescent concentrator cells and organic semiconductors. 4. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, further comprising bypass diodes integrated into the circuitry. 5. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, wherein the solar tiles are one of back contact, or front contact tiles. 6. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, wherein the solar tiles are arranged on either one side of the substrate or both sides of the substrate. 7. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, wherein the functional tiles include at least one of a battery, a display tile, a power regulator, and a sensor. 8. The photovoltaic module of claim 7, wherein the display tile comprises one of electrophoretic display, electrochromic display, liquid crystal display, MEMS interference display, electrowetting display, powder display, electrochemical display, organic or inorganic light emitting display, plasma display 9. The photovoltaic module of claim 7, wherein the sensor further comprises one of a photodiode, an accelerometer, a pressure sensor, a motion sensor, a moisture sensor, a gas sensor, a radiation sensor, a biological sensor, or a chemical sensor. 10. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, wherein the tiles are electrically connected via conductors, the conductors being routed between the tiles in the form of slack loops, the loops arranged to allow for mechanical flexibility. 11. A method of manufacturing flexible, photovoltaic modules, comprising: manufacturing at least one functional material; forming the functional material into functional tiles; mounting the functional tiles onto a flexible substrate into an array of functional tiles with spacing between the tiles, the spacing selected to provide flexibility; and forming circuitry on the flexible substrate to electrically connect the functional tiles to one of either input/output circuitry or other tiles. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein manufacturing at least one functional material comprises: manufacturing at least one solar cell; dicing the solar cell to form solar tiles; wherein the solar cell is one manufactured from one of III-V materials, silicon, chalcogenides, fluorescent concentrator cells and organic semiconductors. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein manufacturing at least one solar cell comprises manufacturing at least one solar cell each out of at least two of III-V materials, silicon, and organic semiconductors, and mounting the solar tiles onto the flexible substrate comprises mounting a mixture of the solar tiles from solar cells of different materials. 14. The method of claim 11, wherein the flexible substrate comprises one of metal foil or metalized polymer foil. 15. The method of claim 11, wherein forming circuitry comprises patterning conductors in a configuration to provide connections to and from the functional tiles. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein patterning conductors comprises printing a conductive material onto the flexible substrate to provide connections. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein printing comprises one of screen printing, inkjet printing, laser patterning, offset printing, gravure printing, and flexography. 18. The method of claim 11, wherein forming the circuitry occurs one of either before or after the mounting of the solar tiles. 19. The method of claim 11, wherein forming circuitry comprises: patterning a seed layer of conductors for plating; plating the seed layer with a conductive material; coating the conductive material with solder; and melting the solder to form connections in the circuitry. 20. The method of claim 11, wherein forming circuitry comprises wiring the solar tiles such that the wires contact the fronts of the solar tiles and are routed between the solar tiles with slack loops arranged to allow for flexibility. 