An output ripple voltage average amplitude of a switch mode DC-DC converter is dynamically maintained. The converter has a switch and an output filter. By varying a switching period (T.sub.PERIOD) of the switch, V.sub.RIPPLE is maintained at a substantially constant value over a first range of converter input voltages and a second range of switch duty cycles. Where the output filter includes an inductor having inductance (L) and a capacitor having capacitance (C) the average amplitude of V.sub.RIPPLE is dynamically maintained by varying T.sub.PERIOD with respect to switch duty cycle (D) and input voltage (V.sub.IN) so as to approximately satisfy the following relationship: T.sub.PERIOD=(V.sub.RIPPLE*8*L*C).sup.0.5/(V.sub.IN*(D-D.sup.2)).sup.0.5.
Claims 1. A method, comprising: dynamically maintaining an output ripple voltage (V.sub.RIPPLE) average amplitude of a switch mode DC-DC converter, said converter configured to be disposed between a power source and a load, said converter comprising a switch and an output filter, by varying a switching period (T.sub.PERIOD) of the switch so as to maintain V.sub.RIPPLE at a substantially constant value over a first range of converter input voltages and a second range of switch duty cycles. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the ripple voltage average amplitude is controlled to be less than a selected level. 3. The method of claim 2, wherein the selected level is 5% peak to peak of at least one of a nominal converter input voltage a nominal converter output voltage. 4. The method of claim 2, wherein the selected level is 0.5 V peak to peak. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein the power source is a photovoltaic substring. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein the converter is a buck converter 7. The method of claim 1, wherein the output filter comprises an inductor having inductance (L) and a capacitor having capacitance (C) and the average amplitude of V.sub.RIPPLE is dynamically maintained by varying T.sub.PERIOD with respect to switch duty cycle (D) and input voltage (V.sub.IN) so as to approximately satisfy the following relationship: T.sub.PERIOD=(V.sub.RIPPLE*8*L*C).sup.0.5*(V.sub.IN*(D-D.sup.2)).sup.0.5 8. The method of claim 7, further comprising: precompiling and storing, in a respective look up table, normalized values: TABLE.sub.1(D)=K.sub.1/(D-D.sup.2).sup.0.5, and TABLE.sub.2(V.sub.IN)=K.sub.2/(V.sub.IN.sup.0.5) wherein the average amplitude of V.sub.RIPPLE is dynamically maintained by varying T.sub.PERIOD so as to approximately satisfy the following relationship: T.sub.PERIOD=K.sub.3*(TABLE.sub.1(D))*(TABLE.sub.2(V.sub.IN)). 9. The method of claim 8, wherein a value of K.sub.3 is selected so that units of T.sub.PERIOD scale directly into a digital count value. 10. The method of claim 8, wherein a value of K.sub.3 is selected so that units of T.sub.PERIOD scale into a digital-to-analog converter command word value representative of an interval threshold for a mixed-signal PWM ramp generator. 11. An apparatus, comprising: a switch mode DC-DC converter comprising a control module, a switch, and an output filter, the converter configured to be disposed between a power source and a load, and to deliver an output voltage to the load, the output voltage characterized by a ripple voltage (V.sub.RIPPLE), wherein the control module is configured to vary a switching period (T.sub.PERIOD) of the switch so as to dynamically maintain an average amplitude of (V.sub.RIPPLE) at a substantially constant value over a first range of converter input voltages and a second range of switch duty cycles. 12. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein the ripple voltage average amplitude is controlled to be less than a selected level. 13. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein the selected level is at least one of: 5% peak to peak of a nominal converter input voltage, 5% peak to peak of a nominal converter output voltage, and 0.5V peak to peak. 14. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein the power source is a photovoltaic substring. 15. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein the converter is a buck converter 16. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein the output filter comprises an inductor having inductance (L) and a capacitor having capacitance (C) and the average amplitude of V.sub.RIPPLE is dynamically maintained by varying T.sub.PERIOD with respect to switch duty cycle (D) and input voltage (V.sub.IN) so as to approximately satisfy the following relationship: T.sub.PERIOD=(V.sub.RIPPLE*8*L*C).sup.0.5*(V.sub.IN*(D-D.sup.2)).sup.-0.5 17. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein the first range of converter input voltages is 5 volts to 50 volts. 18. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein the first range of switch duty cycles is 10% to 100%. 19. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein the converter is a boost converter. 20. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein the converter is a buck-boost converter. 21. A photovoltaic (PV) system, comprising a plurality of PV substrings, wherein each of a first subset of said PV substrings is buffered by a respective switch mode DC-DC converter, and at least one PV substring is unbuffered, at least one converter comprising a control module, a switch, and an output filter, and configured to deliver an output voltage to the load, the output voltage characterized by a ripple voltage (V.sub.RIPPLE), wherein the control module is configured to vary a switching period (T.sub.PERIOD) of the switch so as to dynamically maintain an average amplitude of V.sub.RIPPLE at a substantially constant value over a first range of converter input voltages and a second range of switch duty cycles. 22. The PV system of claim 21, wherein the average amplitude of the ripple voltage is controlled to be less than a selected level. 23. The PV system of claim 22, wherein the selected level limits ripple induced power harvest degradation of unbuffered PV substrings in mixed string configurations to a predefined worst-case limit. 24. The PV system of claim 21 wherein a switching frequency (1/T.sub.PERIOD) is lowest when a PV substring buffered by the DC-DC converter is subject to approximately similar illumination level as other PV substrings in the system. 25. The PV system of claim 21, further comprising a load connected to the plurality of PV substrings, the load comprising a power converter, wherein the switching frequency is varied so as to improve maximum power point tracking by the power converter by introducing an artificial slope in a power transfer function. 26. The PV system of claim 25, wherein the power converter is at least one of a central inverter and a battery charge controller. 27. The PV system of claim 25, wherein the DC-DC converter power transfer function is monotonic, nonlinear, and exhibits a higher initial slope for ratios of string current to DC-DC converter input current marginally in excess of 1:1, and a decreasing slope for higher ratios. 