A data communication device for attachment to an object is provided having a flexible substrate, a transmitter adapted to transmit data in the form of electromagnetic radiation and a programmable memory. The device has a controller for controlling the transmission of the data and a programming means for programming the device. A power source for the device comprises a power storage device and a power extraction means capable of extracting power from the environment in which the data communication device is located when in use. A data communication system is also disclosed comprising the device and a reader for receiving electromagnetic radiation from the device. The reader includes a perceptive filter adapted to distinguish radiation received from the device from radiation received from other sources.
Claims 1. A data communication device for attachment to an object, the device comprising:-- a flexible substrate; a transmitter adapted to transmit data in the form of electromagnetic radiation; a programmable memory; a controller for controlling the transmission of the data; a programming means for programming the device; and, a power source having:-- i) a power storage device; and, ii) a power extraction means capable of extracting power from the environment in which the data communication device is located when in use. 2. A device according to claim 1, wherein the device further comprises a radio-frequency antenna. 3. A device according to claim 1, wherein the controller comprises a microcontroller for processing the data. 4. A device according to claim 1, further comprising a receiver adapted to receive data in the form of electromagnetic radiation. 5. A device according to claim 4, wherein the receiver and transmitter are formed as an integral transceiver. 6. A device according to claim 4, wherein the controller comprises a baseband processor adapted to demodulate the electromagnetic radiation received into data and/or to modulate the transmitted electromagnetic radiation in accordance with the data to be transmitted. 7. A device according to claim 4, wherein the power extraction means is adapted to operate in the absence of electromagnetic radiation containing the received data. 8. A device according to claim 1, wherein the memory includes Read Only Memory (ROM) and Random Access Memory (RAM). 9. A device according to claim 1, further comprising an adhesive region for attachment of the device to the object. 10. A device according to claim 1, wherein the programming means further comprises an interface for connecting the device physically to an external device. 11. A device according to claim 10, wherein the interface comprises a galvanic coupling. 12. A device according to claim 1, further comprising one or more sensors adapted to monitor environmental conditions and/or the operation of the components of the device. 13. A device according to claim 1, wherein the power source comprises a battery or a charge storage device, and a photovoltaic cell. 14. A device according to claim 1, wherein the device is generally planar. 15. A device according to claim 1, wherein the transmitter is adapted to radiate electromagnetic radiation only in a first direction. 16. A device according to claim 1, wherein the device has a multi-layered construction. 17. A device according to claim 1, further comprising a protective coating. 18. A device according to claim 1, wherein the data that is transmitted comprises descriptive data and content data, the descriptive data defining the content. 19. A device according to claim 1, wherein the controller is adapted to communicate selectively with other apparatus using the electromagnetic radiation. 20. A device according to claim 19, wherein the controller is further adapted to communicate selectively in accordance with one or more of energy consumption, stored energy levels or data communication requirements. 21. A device according to claim 1, wherein the controller is adapted to control the power consumption of the device according to one or more predetermined criteria. 22. A data communication system comprising: a device according to claim 1; and a reader for receiving electromagnetic radiation from the device; wherein the reader comprises a perceptive filter adapted to distinguish radiation received from the device from radiation received from other sources. 23. A data communication system according to claim 22, wherein the reader is further adapted to transmit electromagnetic radiation to the device. 