A solar power inverter that detects islanding conditions includes a power generation component that generates alternating current (AC) from direct current produced by photovoltaic cells. The inverter generates AC for a load or an electrical power grid. The inverter also includes a component that generates synchrophasors from characteristics of electrically proximate AC. The inverter further includes a component that receives grid synchrophasors transmitted from a location on the electrical power grid (e.g., a transmission substation). The inverter further includes a controller that uses the inverter synchrophasors and the grid synchrophasors to calculate a degree of correlation between the electrical power grid AC frequency and the frequency of the electrically proximate AC. If the degree of correlation dips below a predefined value or exhibits certain patterns or behaviors that are indicative of a loss of mains (e.g., a loss of main power along the electrical power grid), the controller can cause the power generation component to stop generating AC or cause the inverter to intentionally island by electrically disconnecting from the electrical power grid.
Claims 1. A solar power inverter comprising: a direct current (DC) input component configured to receive DC produced by one or more photovoltaic cells; a power generation component configured to generate alternating current (AC) from the DC produced by one or more photovoltaic cells; an AC output component configured to output generated AC, wherein the AC output component is electrically coupleable to an electrical power grid; a data input/output component configured to receive signals indicating electrical power grid synchrophasors, wherein the electrical power grid synchrophasors describe characteristics of AC transmitted by the electrical power grid; a phasor measurement unit configured to generate inverter synchrophasors, wherein the inverter synchrophasors describe characteristics of AC electrically proximate to the AC output component; and a controller coupled to the data input/output component and the phasor measurement unit, wherein the controller is programmed to receive the electrical power grid synchrophasors from the data input/output component; receive the inverter synchrophasors from the phasor measurement unit; based upon the electrical power grid synchrophasors, determine a first set of frequency values for the AC transmitted by the electrical power grid; based upon the inverter synchrophasors, determine a second set of frequency values for the generated AC; and based upon the first and second sets of frequency values, determine a degree of correlation between the frequency for the AC transmitted by the electrical power grid and the frequency of the generated AC. 2. The solar power inverter of claim 1 wherein the controller is further programmed to: determine a degree of correlation between the frequency for the AC transmitted by the electrical power grid and the frequency of the generated AC by calculating a correlation coefficient based on the first and second sets of frequency values; and determine if the correlation coefficient is below a pre-defined threshold. 3. The solar power inverter of claim 2 wherein the controller is further programmed to: detect that the correlation coefficient is below the pre-defined threshold; and cause the power generation component to stop generating AC. 4. The solar power inverter of claim 2 wherein the controller is further programmed to: detect that the correlation coefficient indicates a loss of main power along the electrical power grid; and cause the power generation component to stop generating AC. 5. The solar power inverter of claim 2, wherein the AC output component is electrically coupleable to the electrical power grid through a switch positioned electrically between the AC output component and the electrical power grid, and wherein the controller is further programmed to: detect that the correlation coefficient is below the pre-defined threshold; and transmit a signal indicating that the switch is to be opened. 6. The solar power inverter of claim 1, wherein the data input/output component is further configured to receive signals indicating electrical power grid synchrophasors from a transmitter communicably coupled to a phasor measurement unit that generates the electrical power grid synchrophasors. 7. The solar power inverter of claim 1 wherein the signals received by the data input/output component include an identifier of at least one of a source of the signals and a source of the electrical power grid synchrophasors. 8. An apparatus that enables islanding detection, the apparatus comprising: a processor; and a computer-readable medium having instructions stored thereon that, if executed by the processor, cause the processor to perform operations comprising receiving a first set of frequency values, wherein each of the frequency values in the first set indicates a frequency of alternating current (AC) transmitted by an electrical power grid; receiving a second set of frequency values, wherein each of the frequency values in the second set indicates a frequency of AC electrically proximate to a power generation source electrically connected to the electrical power grid; and calculating a correlation coefficient based on the first and second sets of frequency values. 9. The apparatus of claim 8 wherein the operations further comprise: receiving a first set of synchrophasors, wherein each of the synchrophasors in the first set includes characteristics of the AC transmitted by the electrical power grid; receiving a second set of synchrophasors, wherein each of the synchrophasors in the second set includes characteristics of the AC electrically proximate to the power generation source; determining the first set of frequency values from the first set of synchrophasors; and determining the second set of frequency values from the second set of synchrophasors. 10. The apparatus of claim 8 wherein the power generation source remains electrically connected to the electrical power grid as long as the correlation coefficient is above a pre-defined threshold value. 11. The apparatus of claim 8 wherein the power generation source remains electrically connected to the electrical power grid as long as the correlation coefficient indicates main power is connected to the electrical power grid 12. The apparatus of claim 8 wherein the operations further comprise: detecting that the correlation coefficient is below a pre-defined threshold value; and transmitting a signal indicating that the power generation source is to stop generating AC. 13. The apparatus of claim 8 wherein the operations further comprise: detecting that the correlation coefficient indicates a loss of main power along the electrical power grid; and transmitting a signal indicating that the power generation source is to stop generating AC. 14. The apparatus of claim 8 wherein the operations further comprise: detecting that the correlation coefficient is below a pre-defined threshold value; and transmitting a signal indicating that an electrical connection between the power generation source and the electrical power grid is to be opened. 15. The apparatus of claim 8 wherein the operations further comprise: detecting that the correlation coefficient indicates a loss of main power along the electrical power grid; and transmitting a signal indicating that an electrical connection between the power generation source and the electrical power grid is to be opened. 16. The apparatus of claim 8 wherein the operations further comprise: receiving a first set of synchrophasors transmitted by a transceiver, wherein each of the synchrophasors in the first set indicates characteristics of the AC transmitted by the electrical power grid, and determining the first set of frequency values from the first set of synchrophasors. 17. A method of calculating a correlation coefficient that is performed by a computing system having a processor and a memory, the method comprising: receiving a first set of frequency values, wherein each of the frequency values in the first set indicates a frequency of alternating current (AC) transmitted by an electrical power grid; receiving a second set of frequency values, wherein each of the frequency values in the second set indicates a frequency of AC electrically proximate to a power generation source electrically connected to the electrical power grid; and calculating, by the computing system, a correlation coefficient based on the first and second sets of frequency values. 18. The method of claim 17, further comprising: receiving a first set of synchrophasors, wherein each of the synchrophasors in the first set includes characteristics of the AC transmitted by the electrical power grid; receiving a second set of synchrophasors, wherein each of the synchrophasors in the second set includes characteristics of the AC electrically proximate to the power generation source; determining the first set of frequency values from the first set of synchrophasors; and determining the second set of frequency values from the second set of synchrophasors. 19. The method of claim 17 wherein the power generation source remains electrically connected to the electrical power grid as long as the correlation coefficient is above a pre-defined threshold number. 20. The method of claim 17, further comprising: detecting that the correlation coefficient is below a pre-defined threshold value; and transmitting a signal indicating that the power generation source is to stop generating alternating current. 21. The method of claim 17, further comprising: detecting that the correlation coefficient indicates a loss of main power along the electrical power grid; and transmitting a signal indicating that the power generation source is to stop generating alternating current. 22. The method of claim 17, further comprising: detecting that the correlation coefficient is below a pre-defined threshold value; and transmitting a signal indicating that an electrical connection between the power generation source and the electrical power grid is to be opened. 23. The method of claim 17, further comprising: detecting that the correlation coefficient indicates a loss of main power along the electrical power grid; and transmitting a signal indicating that an electrical connection between the power generation source and the electrical power grid is to be opened. 24. The method of claim 17 wherein the correlation coefficient is a first correlation coefficient, and wherein the method further comprises: receiving a third set of frequency values, wherein each of the frequency values in the third set indicates a frequency of alternating current (AC) transmitted by the electrical power grid; receiving a fourth set of frequency values, wherein each of the frequency values in the fourth set indicates a frequency of AC electrically proximate to a power generation source electrically connected to the electrical power grid; calculating, by the computing system, a second correlation coefficient based on the third and fourth sets of frequency values; and utilizing at least the first and second correlation coefficients to determine whether the power generation source remains electrically connected to the electrical power grid. 25. A system for islanding detection, the system comprising: means for receiving a first set of synchrophasors, each of the first set of synchrophasors describing characteristics of alternating current (AC) transmitted by an electrical power grid; means for generating a second set of synchrophasors, each of the second set of synchrophasors describing characteristics of AC electrically proximate to a power generation source electrically connected to the electrical power grid; and means for calculating, based upon the first and second sets of synchrophasors, a degree of correlation between frequency of the AC transmitted by the electrical power grid and frequency of the AC generated by the power generation source. 26. The system of claim 25, further comprising means for transmitting a signal indicating that the power generation source is to stop generating alternating current in response to a determination that the degree of correlation is below a pre-defined value. 27. The system of claim 25, further comprising means for transmitting a signal indicating that the power generation source is to stop generating alternating current in response to a determination that the degree of correlation indicates a loss of main power along the electrical power grid. 28. The system of claim 25, further comprising means for transmitting a signal indicating that an electrical connection between the power generation source and the electrical power grid is to be opened in response to a determination that the degree of correlation is below a pre-defined value. 29. The system of claim 25, wherein the means for receiving the first set of synchrophasors includes means for receiving a wireless signal indicating the first set of synchrophasors. 30. The system of claim 25, further comprising: means for generating the first set of synchrophasors; and means for transmitting the first set of synchrophasors. 