An electronic license plate and information processing system allows for a vehicle license plate to serve not only the purpose of identifying a specifically associated vehicle, but to also serve as a media for publishing temporal messages specifically associated with the vehicle or its locale. A license plate assembly consisting of a microprocessor chip in communication with a radio frequency transponder serves to control a light emitting diode matrix or other similar display and to publish messages therethrough in accordance with data and commands received from the transponder. The various information sources, including a department of motor vehicles, law enforcement, insurance records, and public service agencies are capable of communicating with the electronic license plate through encrypted transmission. The control server is interposed between these various sources and the interactive license plate for effecting the desired transmission and receipt of data and commands. The license plate assembly itself is tamper resistant and tamper evident. With the license plate assembly being dynamic and interactive, its capabilities for publishing information and messages under control of various authorized sources is extensive.
Claims 1. An electronic license plate and information processing system, comprising: a license plate assembly adapted for secured attachment to a vehicle; at least one data and command source; a control server interposed between said license plate assembly and said at least one data and command source, said control server effecting transmission of data and commands with said license plate assembly and said data and command source; and wherein said license plate assembly is dynamic and interactive, responding to data and commands from said data and command source through said control server to effect a controlled publication thereon. 2. The electronic license plate and information processing system as recited in claim 1, wherein said license plate assembly comprises a display plate of discrete elements selectively illuminated by said data and command source through said control server. 3. The electronic license plate and information processing system as recited in claim 2, wherein said discrete elements comprise light emitting diodes. 4. The electronic license plate and information processing system as recited in claim 1, wherein said license plate assembly further comprises an electronic circuit board controlling said discrete elements to effect a desired display, a rechargeable battery pack to power said electronic circuit board and discrete elements, and a photovoltaic cell plate operatively connected to said rechargeable battery pack and electronic circuit board. 5. The electronic license plate and information processing system as recited in claim 4, wherein said electronic circuit board further comprises at least one transmitter and receiver for the transmission and receipt of data and command signals and a processor chip interposed between said transmitter and receiver and said display plate. 6. The electronic license plate and information processing system as recited in claim 1, further comprising a plurality of data and command sources and wherein said data and command sources are taken from the group comprising law enforcement, insurance data, a department of motor vehicles and public service agencies. 7. The electronic license plate and information processing system as recited in claim 6, further comprising a first encoder interposed between said control server and data and command sources for encrypting transmission of data and commands therebetween. 8. The electronic license plate and information processing system as recited in claim 7, further comprising a second encoder interposed between said license plate assembly and said control server for encrypting transmission of data and commands therebetween. 9. The electronic license plate and information processing system as recited in claim 1, wherein said control server receives data or commands from an insurance database and causes said license plate assembly to publish a message corresponding to a status of insurance coverage of the vehicle. 10. The electronic license plate and information processing system as recited in claim 1, wherein said control server receives data or commands from a law enforcement agency and causes said license plate assembly to publish a message corresponding to an activity or status associated with the vehicle. 11. The electronic license plate and information processing system as recited in claim 1, wherein said control server effects communication between said license plate assembly and a department of motor vehicles and causes said license plate assembly to publish a plate identification number, unique to the vehicle, said published plate identification number being recorded with the department of motor vehicles. 12. The electronic license plate and information processing system as recited in claim 11, wherein said plate assembly further comprises a static display of said plate identification number. 13. The electronic license plate and information processing system as recited in claim 1, wherein said control server receives data or commands from a public service agency and causes said license plate assembly to publish a temporal message on behalf of the public service agency. 14. A method for regulating and controlling the publication of information on a dynamic interactive vehicle license plate, comprising; transmitting information from an information source to a control server; transmitting said information from said control server to the dynamic interactive vehicle license plate; and publishing a display on said dynamic interactive vehicle license plate in response to said information. 15. The method for regulating and controlling the publication of information on a dynamic interactive vehicle license plate as recited in claim 1, further comprising the steps of encrypting said information transmitted to and from the control server. 16. The method for regulating and controlling the publication of information on a dynamic interactive license plate as recited in claim 15, wherein said step of publishing a display comprises selectively illuminating light emitting diodes in a matrix of light emitting diodes. 17. The method for regulating and controlling the publication of information on a dynamic interactive license plate as recited in claim 14, further comprising the step of said dynamic interactive vehicle license plate confirming to said information source receipt of said information. 18. The method for regulating and controlling the publication of information on a dynamic interactive license plate as recited in claim 17, wherein said information source comprises a department of motor vehicles, and said step of transmitting information comprises the step of transmitting to said control server a plate identification number unique to an associated vehicle, and said step of publishing a display publishes said plate identification number on the dynamic interactive vehicle license plate. 19. The method for regulating and controlling the publication of information on a dynamic interactive license plate as recited in claim 18, further comprising the step of the department of motor vehicles registering the plate identification number to the associated vehicle. 20. The method for regulating and controlling the publication of information on a dynamic interactive license plate as recited in claim 17, wherein said information source is taken from the group of insurance record data, law enforcement, and public service agencies, and wherein said step of publishing a display comprises temporally presenting a display on the dynamic interactive vehicle license plate specific to said source. 21. The method for regulating and controlling the publication of information on a dynamic interactive license plate as recited in claim 17, wherein said information source comprises a Global Positioning System. 22. The method for regulating and controlling the publication of information on a dynamic interactive license plate as recited in claim 14, further comprising the step of monitoring said license plate for tampering, and transmitting information through said control server to an agency of concern in the event tampering is sensed. 