An electrical power generating system includes a spring system that stores stored energy, the spring system having an input for recharging the stored energy and an output for releasing the stored energy, wherein the spring system generates a monitor signal based on a status parameter of the spring system and wherein the spring system releases the stored energy in accordance with an output control signal. A generator converts the stored energy released by the spring system into electric power. A spring recharge module recharges the stored energy of the spring system in response to a recharge control signal, based on a supplemental source of power. A control module generates the recharge control signal and the output control signal, based on the monitor signal.
Claims 1. An electrical power generating system comprising: a spring system that stores stored energy, the spring system having an input for recharging the stored energy and an output for releasing the stored energy, wherein the spring system includes a sensor that generates a monitor signal based on a status parameter of the spring system and wherein the spring system releases the stored energy in accordance with an output control signal; a generator, coupled to the output of the spring system, that converts the stored energy released by the spring system into output electric power; a spring recharge module, coupled to the input of the spring system that includes a motor that operates based on input power from a supplemental energy source to recharge the stored energy of the spring system in response to a recharge control signal; and a control circuit, coupled to the spring system and the spring recharge unit, that generates the recharge control signal based on the monitor signal. 2. The electrical power generating system of claim 1 wherein the supplemental energy source includes a solar panel that converts solar energy to the input power. 3. The electrical power generating system of claim 1 wherein the supplemental energy source includes at least one of, a wind generator, a geothermal power system, a hydroelectric power system, and a tidal power system. 4. The electrical power generating system of claim 1 wherein the supplemental energy source includes a waste water power generation system. 5. The electrical power generating system of claim 1 wherein the spring recharge module includes a battery for storing the input power. 6. The electrical power generating system of claim 1 wherein the generator is coupled to an electrical power system for providing supplemental electrical power. 7. The electrical power generating system of claim 1 wherein the spring system output includes a drive shaft that drives the generator at a rotational velocity, wherein the monitor signal indicates the rotation velocity, and wherein the control module generates the output control signal to control the rotation velocity to a substantially constant value. 8. A method comprising: storing energy in a spring system having an input for recharging the stored energy and an output for releasing the stored energy; generating via a sensor, a monitor signal based on a status parameter of the spring system; releasing the stored energy in accordance with an output control signal; converting the stored energy released by the spring system into output electric power; recharging the stored energy of the spring system in response to a recharge control signal, via a motor that operates from an input power generated by a supplemental energy source; and generating via a control circuit, the recharge control signal, based on the monitor signal. 9. The method of claim 8 wherein recharging the stored energy of the spring system includes converting solar energy to the input power. 10. The method of claim 8 wherein recharging the stored energy of the spring system includes at least one of converting wind energy to the input power, converting waste water flow to the input power, converting water flow to the input power, converting geothermal energy to the input power, converting tidal energy to the input power. 11. The method of claim 8 wherein recharging the stored energy of the spring system includes storing the input power. 12. The method of claim 8 wherein the spring system output includes a drive shaft that drives a generator at a rotational velocity, wherein the monitor signal indicates the rotation velocity, and wherein the output control signal is generated by the control circuit to control the rotation velocity to a substantially constant value. 