A solar cell module includes an array substrate, a plurality of solar cells and a between-cell bus electrode. The solar cells are arranged to be adjacent to each other on the array substrate. Each of the solar cells includes a wire electrode. The bus electrode between the cells partially overlaps with each of adjacent solar cells and extends in a first direction, to be electrically connected to the wire electrode of each of the adjacent solar cells. Accordingly, the power efficiency of the solar cell module may be improved.
Claims 1. A solar cell module comprising: an array substrate; a plurality of solar cells arranged adjacent to each other on the array substrate, each of the solar cells including a wire electrode; and a bus electrode between the cells partially overlapping with each of the adjacent solar cells and extending in a first direction, to be electrically connected to the wire electrode of each of the adjacent solar cells. 2. The solar cell module of claim 1, wherein each of the solar cells comprises: a semiconductor substrate including first and second surfaces, the first surface having a first area corresponding to an edge of the semiconductor substrate and a second area except for the first area of the semiconductor substrate, the second surface being opposite to the first surface and having the first and second areas; and a transparent electrode formed in at least one second area of the first and second surfaces. 3. The solar cell module of claim 2, wherein the semiconductor substrate comprises: a base substrate; a first semiconductor layer formed on at least one of the first and second surfaces; and a second semiconductor layer formed on the first semiconductor layer. 4. The solar cell module of claim 3, wherein the wire electrode is disposed in the first and second areas. 5. The solar cell module of claim 3, wherein the wire electrode comprises: a plurality of body electrodes extending in the first direction; and a plurality of finger electrodes including first and second end portions, the first end portion being disposed in the second area to be connected to the body electrode, the second end portion being disposed in the first area. 6. The solar cell module of claim 5, further comprising a bus electrode in the cell extending in the first direction and formed along each of the body electrodes, to be electrically connected to the wire electrode of the solar cell. 7. The solar cell module of claim 5, wherein the wire electrode further comprises a sub electrode extending in the first direction in the first area to electrically connect the second end portions of the finger electrodes disposed in the first area. 8. The solar cell module of claim 1, wherein the adjacent solar cells comprise first solar cells adjacent to each other in the second direction and second solar cells adjacent to the first solar cells in the first direction, a first end portion of the bus electrode between the cells extends in the first direction between the first solar cells and partially overlaps with the first surface of each of the first solar cells, and a second end portion of the bus electrode between the cells extends in the first direction between the second solar cells and partially overlaps with the second surface of each of the second solar cells. 9. The solar cell module of claim 1, wherein the adjacent solar cells comprise first solar cells adjacent to each other in the second direction and second solar cells adjacent to the first solar cells in the first direction, a first end portion of the bus electrode between the cells extends in the first direction between the first solar cells and partially overlaps with the first surface of each of the first solar cells, and a second end of the bus electrode between the cells extends in the first direction between the second solar cells and partially overlaps with the first surface of each of the second solar cells. 10. A method of manufacturing a solar cell module, the method comprising: forming a plurality of solar cells having a wire electrode; arranging the solar cells adjacent to each other on an array substrate; and forming a bus electrode between the cells partially overlapping with each of adjacent solar cells and extending in a first direction, to be electrically connected to the wire electrode of each of the adjacent solar cells. 11. The method of claim 10, wherein the solar cells are formed by: mounting a semiconductor substrate having a first surface and a second surface opposite to the first surface to a shield tray having a through-hole; depositing a transparent electrode in a second area corresponding to the through-hole except for a first area corresponding to an edge of the semiconductor substrate on at least one of the first and second surfaces; and forming the wire electrode on at least one of the first and second surfaces on which the transparent electrode is deposited. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein the wire electrode is formed by: spreading a wire electrode paste in the first and second areas on the first surface; and screen-printing the wire electrode having a plurality of body electrodes and a plurality of finger electrodes, the body electrodes extending in the first direction, the finger electrodes having first and second end portions, the first end portion being disposed in the second area to be connected the body electrodes, the second end portion being disposed in the first area. 13. The method of claim 12, further comprising: forming a bus electrode in the cell extending in the first direction and corresponding to the body electrodes, to be electrically connected to the wire electrode of the solar cell. 14. The method of claim 11, wherein the wire electrode is formed by: spreading a wire electrode paste in the first and second areas on the second surface; and screen-printing the wire electrode. 15. The method of claim 10, wherein the bus electrode between the cells is formed by: extending a first end portion of the bus electrode between the cells in the first direction between first solar cells adjacent to each other along the second direction, and adhering the first end portion to partially overlap with the first surface of each of the first solar cells adjacent to each other; and extending a second end portion opposite to the first end portion in the first direction between second solar cells adjacent to the first solar cell along the first direction, and adhering the second end portion to partially overlap with the second surface of each of the second solar cells adjacent to each other. 16. The method of claim 10, wherein the bus electrode between the cells is formed by: extending a first end portion of the bus electrode between the cells in the first direction between first solar cells adjacent to each other along the second direction, and adhering the first end portion to partially overlap with the first surface of each of the first solar cells adjacent to each other; and extending a second end portion opposite to the first end portion in the first direction between second solar cells adjacent to the first solar cells along the first direction, and adhering the second end portion to partially overlap with the first surface of each of the second solar cells adjacent to each other. 