Report systems and methods using light-emitting diode lamps are disclosed. The report systems and methods feature in that a local geographic information is measured, a light with a color temperature indicating the local geographic information is emitted, and the color temperature is reported.
Claims 1. A report system, comprising: a managing center; and one or more monitoring units, wherein each monitoring unit comprises a light-emitting diode lamp and a sensor, the sensor measures a local geographic information, the light-emitting diode lamp emits a light with a color temperature indicating the local geographic information, and the color temperature is reported to the managing center. 2. The report system as recited in claim 1, wherein the local geographic information comprises one or more of the following: a temperature, a longitude, a latitude, an altitude, an inclination, an atmospheric pressure, a humidity, and a rainfall amount. 3. The report system as recited in claim 1, wherein the local geographic information is reported via a wired communication or a wireless communication, and the wired communication comprises power line communication (PLC). 4. The report system as recited in claim 1, wherein the local geographic information is reported via an aerial imaging or a satellite imagery. 5. The report system as recited in claim 1, wherein the local geographic information is reported via a telescope. 6. The report system as recited in claim 1, wherein each monitoring unit further comprises a power module for supplying power to the light-emitting diode lamp, and the power module comprises one or more solar cells. 7. The report system as recited in claim 1, wherein each monitoring unit further comprises a receiver for receiving signal from the managing center, and the monitoring unit only starts to work after the receiver receives an instruction issued by the managing center. 8. The report system as recited in claim 1, wherein each monitoring unit further comprises a transmitter for transmitting signal to the managing center, and if the variation of the local geographic information 250 is more than a threshold value, the transmitter transmits a warning signal to the managing center. 9. The report system as recited in claim 1, wherein each monitoring unit further comprises a manual interface for manually modulating the color temperature of the light-emitting diode lamp, or manually triggering the light-emitting diode to be flashed and/or over-driven. 10. The report system as recited in claim 1, wherein the light is further flashed and/or over-driven automatically in an urgent situation. 11. The report system as recited in claim 1, wherein the light-emitting diode comprises a light-emitting diode array consisted of a first light-emitting diodes and a second light-emitting diodes, and the color temperature is changed by changing drive currents for the first light-emitting diodes and the second light-emitting diodes, and/or changed by controlling the number of the first light-emitting diodes and the second light-emitting diodes to be lighted. 12. A report method, comprising the step of: sensing a local geographic information; emitting a light with a color temperature indicating the local geographic information; and reporting the color temperature. 13. The report method as recited in claim 12, wherein the local geographic information comprises one or more of the following: a temperature, a longitude, a latitude, an altitude, an inclination, an atmospheric pressure, a humidity, and a rainfall amount. 14. The report method as recited in claim 12, wherein the local geographic information is reported via a wired communication or a wireless communication, and the wired communication comprises power line communication (PLC). 15. The report method as recited in claim 12, wherein the local geographic information is reported via an aerial imaging or a satellite imagery. 16. The report method as recited in claim 12, wherein the local geographic information is reported via a telescope. 17. The report method as recited in claim 12, wherein the light is emitted from a light-emitting diode lamp, and a power module comprising one or more solar cells supplies a power to the light-emitting diode lamp. 18. The report method as recited in claim 17, wherein the light-emitting diode lamp only starts to emit the light after receiving an instruction. 19. The report method as recited in claim 12, further comprising reporting a warning signal if the variation of the local geographic information is more than a threshold value. 20. The report method as recited in claim 12, further comprising manually or automatically flashing and/or over-driving the light. 