A mobile monitoring device with a global positioning function that can interfere with monitored electronic equipment and a monitoring module that can carry out two-way communication with a control center. The monitoring module is connected to a power module and electrically linked to a voice device in two-way communication. The monitoring module is electrically connected to switch control wiring and sends switching order to it, so as to transfer between power control wiring and signal control wiring. The power control wiring and the signal control wiring of this mobile monitoring device are electrically linked to the monitored electronic equipment. In this way, it can conduct power control or signal control on the monitored electronic equipment.
Claims 1. A mobile monitoring device, comprising: a monitoring module to carry out two-way communication with a control center; a global positioning device connected to the monitoring module; a power module connected to the monitoring module: a switch control wiring connected to the monitoring module: a power control wiring, connected to the switch control wiring, to connect to a monitored electronic equipment; and a signal control wiring, connected to the switch control wiring, to connect to the monitored electronic equipment. 2. The mobile monitoring device of claim 1, wherein the monitoring module is a GSM module. 3. The mobile monitoring device of claim 1, wherein the power module comprises: a power processing module to connect to an external power source: a built-in standby power source: and an automatic power switch connected to the power processing module, the built-in standby power source, and the monitoring module. 4. The mobile monitoring device of claim 2, wherein the voice device is a microphone. 5. The mobile monitoring device of claim 1, wherein the control center comprises one or more devices, the devices including mobile phones and computers. 6. The mobile monitoring device of claim 1, further comprising: a SIM card to provide communication between the monitoring module and the control center. 7. The mobile monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the monitoring module is in two-way communication with the control center via a communication satellite. 8. The mobile monitoring device of claim 1, wherein the monitored electronic equipment is chosen from the group consisting of a solar panel, a wind motor, air conditioning equipment, portable electronic equipment, medical equipment, a television set, and an ATM machine. 9. (canceled) 10. The mobile monitoring device of claim 1, further comprising: a voice device connected to the monitoring module. 11. The mobile monitoring device of claim 1, wherein the monitoring module is in two-way communication with the control center via a phone signal transceiver tower. 