In large-scale photovoltaic systems, it is not appropriate to use a conventional insulation monitor, since its test pulse is damped too much by the number and length of the feed lines. According to an embodiment of the invention, a remedy is provided here in that the photovoltaic system is subdivided through circuit design into multiple subsystems that are electrically insulated from one another, and the test pulse is transmitted to the connecting line associated with the applicable subsystem in sequential order. According to a second embodiment, the behavior of the current of the test pulse through the connecting lines is sensed by current sensors and evaluated in an analysis unit.
Claims 1. A method for testing an insulation of a photovoltaic system from ground by a test pulse transmitted to a connecting line of the photovoltaic system, the method comprising: subdiving the photovoltaic system through circuit design means into multiple subsystems that are electrically insulated from one another; and transmitting the test pulse is transmitted to the connecting line associated with the applicable subsystem in sequential order. 2. A method for testing an insulation of a photovoltaic system from ground by a test pulse transmitted to a connecting line of the photovoltaic system, the method comprising: sensing a behavior of a current of the test pulse through the connecting lines by at least one current sensor; and evaluating the behavior in an analysis unit. 3. The method according to claim 2, wherein the behavior of the test pulse is compared with a corresponding behavior at an earlier point in time. 4. The method according to claim 2, wherein the current sensor is employed at the feed line leading to the subsystems of the photovoltaic system proceeding from a bus bar. 5. The method according to claim 2, wherein a switch is configured to connect relevant connecting lines leading to individual subsystems to two bus bars or isolate the connecting lines therefrom, and wherein the bus bars are connectable to an input of an inverter. 6. The method according to claim 5, wherein an additional switching is configured to connect the relevant connecting lines leading to the individual subsystems to a test pulse bus bar, on which the test pulse is transmitted, or isolate said connecting lines therefrom. 7. The method according to claim 1, wherein each subsystem comprises multiple photovoltaic arrays and are individually adapted to be connected to a bus bar that is routed to an input of an inverter. 8. The method according to claim 1, wherein each subsystem is connectable through a two-pole switching to an output of an insulation monitor that generates the test pulse. 9. The method according to claim 8, wherein the two-pole switching is a multiplexer, which sequentially transmits the test signal to connecting lines connectable to the output of the multiplexer, each of which lines leads to the lines for the applicable subsystems. 10. The method according to claim 8, wherein the two-pole switching comprises a plurality of electronic switches that connect the relevant pair of connecting lines leading to the subsystems to a test pulse bus bar or isolate them therefrom, with the test pulse being transmitted on the test pulse bus bar and distributed from there to the individual subsystems. 