The invention relates to a method and to a device for reversing the feeding of a sputter coating system, particularly when coating a photovoltaic module, in clean rooms, having the following characteristics: a) a transport frame (11) for receiving a substrate wafer (19) of a photovoltaic module, b) a rotary device having means for mounting the transport frame (11), having means for rotating the transport frame (11), and having means for transporting the transport frame (11), c) means for precisely aligning the rotary device relative to the sputter coating system, d) a detection device (18) for checking a sputter process, and computer program having a program code for performing the process steps.
Claims 1. A device for reversing the feeding of a sputter coating system for the purpose of repeatedly applying sputter material having a different or the same composition, in clean rooms, comprising the following features: a) a transport frame for receiving a substrate wafer, b) a rotating unit having means for rotating the transport frame and having means for transporting the transport frame onto different guideways, c) means for precisely aligning the rotating unit with respect to the sputter coating system, d) a detection unit for checking a sputter process, e) means for mounting the rectangular transport frame, comprising a rear fixing cylinder and a front fixing cylinder in an upper region, and two transport rollers in a lower region, wherein the rollers are each provided with a dedicated servodrive and the mechanically moved parts are encapsulated in an emission-free manner and produced from abrasion-resistant material. 2. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the means for rotating the transport frame comprise a servomotor in conjunction with a sensor for detecting the angle of rotation. 3. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the means for transporting the transport frame comprise guideways equipped with transport rollers at regular distances in the lower region, wherein fixing cylinders installed at regular distances in the upper region supplement the guidance by the transport rollers. 4. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the means for precisely aligning the rotating unit with respect to the respective guideway are controlled by a fine adjustment of the drive of the rotating unit on the basis of measurement values determined from sensors, wherein the sensors additionally detect the thermal deformation of the paths of the guideway. 5. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the positioning of the substrate wafer is additionally monitored by lasers or corresponding sensors. 6. A method for reversing the feeding of a sputter coating system, for the purpose of repeatedly applying sputter material having a different or the same composition, in clean rooms, comprising the following features: a) a substrate wafer to be coated is conveyed by a transfer device into a transport frame and then into a rotating unit, b) the rectangular transport frame is mounted in the rotating unit by in each case two fixing cylinders on the left and right in the upper region, and also by the mount on transport rollers in the lower region on the left and right, c) the transport frame is rotated by a drive incorporated in the frame of the rotating unit, d) the transport frame is transported by transport roller drives that can guide on guideways in different directions, e) the rotating unit is precisely aligned with respect to the guideways by the sensors via the drive of the rotating unit, f) a sputter process is checked by detection units, wherein the checking of the sputter process is present at least in the rotating unit of each receptacle of a transport frame and the spacer elements being configured to operate in the manner of a scanner or being configured to check the entire area of a substrate wafer concurrently. 7. The method as claimed in claim 6, wherein the positioning of the substrate wafer is additionally monitored by means of lasers and/or corresponding sensors. 8. The method as claimed in claim 6, wherein in order to obtain the clean room conditions, the mechanically moved parts are encapsulated in an emission-free manner and are produced form abrasion-resistant material. 9. The method as claimed in claim 6, wherein the rotating unit, as part of a larger system, for example in the coating of a photovoltaic module, additionally serves as a linking station for numerous further process sequences. 10. A computer program comprising a program code for carrying out the method steps as claimed in claim 6, wherein the program is executed in a computer. 11. A machine-readable carrier comprising the program code of a computer program for carrying out the method as claimed in claim 6, wherein the program is executed in a computer. 12. A device for reversing the feeding of a sputter coating system for the purpose of repeatedly applying sputter material having a different or the same composition, in clean rooms, comprising the following features: a) a transport frame for receiving a substrate wafer, b) a rotating unit configured to rotate the transport frame and transport the transport frame onto different guideways, c) an alignment unit configured to align the rotating unit with respect to the sputter coating system, d) a detection unit for checking a sputter process, e) a mounting unit configured to mount the transport frame, the mounting unit comprising a first fixing cylinder and a second fixing cylinder in a first region, and two transport rollers in a second region, wherein the rollers are each provided with a dedicated drive. 13. The device as claimed in claim 12, wherein the rotating unit comprises a servomotor in conjunction with a sensor for detecting the angle of rotation. 14. The device as claimed in claim 12, wherein the transport unit comprises guideways equipped with transport rollers at regular distances in the second region, wherein fixing cylinders installed at regular distances in the first region supplement the guidance by the transport rollers. 15. The device as claimed in claim 12, wherein the alignment unit is controlled by a fine adjustment of a drive of the rotating unit on the basis of measurement values determined from sensors, wherein the sensors additionally detect the thermal deformation of paths of the guideway. 16. The device as claimed in claim 12, wherein the positioning of the substrate wafer is additionally monitored by lasers or corresponding sensors. 