Embodiments of the present invention generally relate to a system for geo-thermal and solar energy conservation utilizing expandable fluids and methods thereof. More specifically, embodiments of the present invention relate to system for increasing energy efficiency in residential or commercial structures through the use of carbon dioxide in a geo-thermal environment. In one embodiment of the present invention, an energy conservation system comprises a storage container for storing a low specific heat capacity and expandable fluid; a geo-thermal piping system, extending a predetermined distance beneath a ground surface; an energy exchanger; and a structural interface positioned between the energy exchanger and an energy-consuming physical structure.
Claims 1. An energy conservation system comprising: a storage container for storing a low specific heat capacity and expandable fluid; a geo-thermal piping system, extending a predetermined distance beneath a ground surface; an energy exchanger; and a structural interface positioned between the energy exchanger and an energy-consuming physical structure. 2. The energy conservation system of claim 1, wherein a low specific heat capacity and expandable fluid comprises a liquid or gas having a specific heat capacity less than approximately 4.1813 J/(gK). 3. The energy conservation system of claim 2, wherein the low specific heat capacity and expandable fluid comprises one of argon, carbon dioxide or oxygen. 4. The energy conservation system of claim 3, wherein the low specific heat capacity and expandable fluid comprises carbon dioxide gas. 5. The energy conservation system of claim 1, wherein the storage container comprises a pressure reinforced storage tank made from a nonreactive material. 6. The energy conservation system of claim 1, wherein the geo-thermal piping system extends between about 20 to about 2,000 feet beneath the earth's surface. 7. The energy conservation system of claim 6, wherein the geo-thermal piping system is positioned to pass through a natural hot-spot underneath the earth's surface. 8. The energy conservation system of claim 1, wherein the energy exchanger comprises one of a turbine-generator, a heat exchanger, or combinations thereof. 9. The energy conservation system of claim 8, wherein the energy exchanger comprises a gas reaction turbine. 10. The energy conservation system of claim 1, wherein the structural interface comprises an energy monitoring or energy regulation device. 11. The energy conservation system of claim 10, wherein the structural interface comprises at least one transformer for stepping up or down voltage obtained from the energy exchanger. 12. The energy conservation system of claim 1, wherein the structural interface may work in conjunction with an alternative power source for providing addition energy to the system. 13. The energy conservation system of claim 1, further comprising an additional heat exchanger, positioned beneath the earth's surface, for adding energy to the system through an external energy source. 14. The energy conservation system of claim 13, wherein the additional heat exchanger comprises one of a solar energy source or a wind energy source. 15. A method of conserving energy comprising: providing an energy conservation system comprising: a storage container for storing a low specific heat capacity and expandable fluid, a geo-thermal piping system extending a predetermined distance beneath a ground surface; an energy exchanger; and a structural interface positioned between the energy exchanger and an energy-consuming physical structure; enabling the low specific heat capacity and expandable fluid to enter the geo-thermal piping system; adding potential energy to the low specific heat capacity and expandable fluid though natural geothermal energy sources; removing the energy within the low specific heat capacity and expandable fluid via the energy exchanger; and providing energy to the energy-consuming physical structure through the structural interface. 16. The method of conserving energy of claim 15, wherein the low specific heat capacity and expandable fluid comprises carbon dioxide gas. 17. The method of conserving energy of claim 15, wherein the energy exchanger comprises a gas reaction turbine. 18. The method of conserving energy of claim 15, wherein the structural interface comprises at least one transformer for stepping up or down voltage obtained from the energy exchanger. 19. The method of conserving energy of claim 15, further comprising adding additional energy to the system through an external energy source via an additional heat exchanger positioned beneath the earth's surface. 20. An energy conservation system comprising: a storage container for storing a carbon dioxide gas; a closed geo-thermal piping system, extending between about 20 to about 2,000 feet beneath the earth's surface; an additional heat exchanger, positioned beneath the earth's surface, for adding energy to the system through one of an external solar or wind energy source; a gas reaction turbine; and a structural interface positioned between the energy exchanger and an energy-consuming physical structure, wherein the structural interface comprises at least one transformer for stepping up or down voltage obtained from the energy exchanger. 