A system and method for powering an ultraviolet (UV) water purification system utilizing a dynamo. A dynamo, operably attached to the UV water purification system, generates power from a rotatable crank which is actuated by a user around an axis of the rotatable crank. When the crank is rotated, the dynamo produces an electrical current that activates and powers the UV lamp, which in turn, produces UV light to purify the water. To ensure that the water has been purified appropriately, a microcontroller, employed within the UV water purification system, tracks both the "on" time and the intensity of the UV lamp as the dynamo is cranked. Once the lamp has been "on" at a sufficient intensity and for an appropriate period of time to administer a required dose of UV light, the microcontroller disables the lamp and provides the user with notification that the process has completed.
Claims 1. An ultraviolet (UV) water purification system, comprising: a dynamo operatively connected to a rotatable crank to provide an electrical current to lamp drive circuitry in the UV water purification system, when the rotatable crank is actuated by a user around an axis of the rotatable crank; a UV lamp operatively interconnected to the lamp drive circuitry, the lamp drive circuitry providing drive current to the UV lamp in response to the electrical current produced by the dynamo, and the UV lamp producing UV light to purify water surrounding the UV lamp in response to the driving current; and a microcontroller operatively employed within the lamp drive circuitry between the dynamo and the UV lamp, the microcontroller configured to track both an on time and an intensity of the UV lamp to ensure an adequate dose of UV light is administered to the water surrounding the UV lamp. 2. The UV water purification system of claim 1, wherein the UV water purification system further comprises one or both of a water sensor operatively connected to the lamp drive circuitry to prevent the UV lamp from being powered when the UV lamp is not surrounded by water and a pressure switch operatively connected to the lamp drive circuitry to prevent the UV lamp from being powered when the UV water purification system is not correctly screwed into a bottle. 3. The UV water purification system of claim 1, wherein the on time tracked by the microcontroller is the amount of time that the UV lamp is supplied a current above a predetermined minimum threshold required to produce a minimum intensity from the UV lamp. 4. The UV water purification system of claim 3, wherein the microcontroller is configured to increase a counter in response the current being above the threshold required to output a minimum intensity from the UV lamp, wherein the counter is increased until a predetermined value on the counter has been reached, and the microcontroller is further configured to turn off the UV lamp in response to the counter reaching the predetermined value. 5. The UV water purification system of claim 4, wherein the microcontroller is configured to activate an indicator in response to the counter reaching the predetermined value, the indicator signaling to the user that a UV lamp dose is complete. 6. The UV water purification system of claim 5, wherein the microcontroller is configured to activate an indicator in response to a determination by the microcontroller that the dynamo is not being cranked fast enough to produce the minimally required current. 6. The UV water purification system of claim 6, wherein the indicator is a flashing LED, an audible cue or both. 7. The UV water purification system of claim 4, wherein the microcontroller is configured to summate a total percentage of a dose that has been completed by the UV water purification system by comparing the current supplied to the UV lamp with a lookup table and assigning a percentage of a total dose per unit of time to each unit of time over which the microcontroller determines the UV lamp has administered at least the minimum UV light intensity. 8. The UV water purification system of claim 1, wherein the microcontroller is configured to control the amount of current supplied to the UV lamp by pulse width modulating power supplied to the lamp drive circuit from the dynamo. 9. The UV water purification system of claim 8, wherein the microcontroller is configured to enable and disable an oscillator circuit a proportionate number of times per unit of time to decrease a load on the lamp drive circuit wherein the proportionate number of times is determined based on a speed at which the user cranks the rotatable crank over the unit of time. 10. The UV water purification system of claim 9, wherein the resistance felt by the user when cranking the rotatable crank is reduced when the user cranks the rotatable crank faster and increased when the user cranks the rotatable crank more slowly. 11. The UV water purification system of claim 1, further comprising a housing that surrounds the dynamo, the lamp circuitry, the microcontroller and the UV lamp. 12. The UV water purification system of claim 11, wherein the housing further comprises a shroud. 13. The UV water purification system of claim 11, wherein the rotatable crank is extendable and is configured to be stowed in the housing when the rotatable crank is not in use. 14. The UV water purification system of claim 1, wherein the UV lamp is powered by the crank dynamo and either or both of one or more batteries and a photo voltaic cell. 15. The UV water purification system of claim 14, wherein the microcontroller controls the sources of power for the UV lamp, with the dynamo providing a certain percentage of the power required to run the UV lamp and the one or more batteries alone or in combination with the photovoltaic cell providing the remaining percentage of the power required to run the UV lamp. 16. The UV water purification system of claim 14, wherein the one or more batteries are recharged by either or both of the photovoltaic cell and the dynamo. 17. The UV water purification system of claim 1, the UV lamp is surrounded by a shroud to provide protection to the UV lamp when the UV lamp is removed from a bottle. 18. A method for operating a UV water purification system, the method comprising: actuating a rotatable crank around an axis of the rotatable crank to generate a current in an alternator, the alternator operatively connected to a lamp drive circuit within the UV water purification system, the alternator and the rotatable crank together forming a dynamo; providing the current generated by the dynamo to a UV lamp operatively connected to the lamp drive circuit; monitoring the amount of current supplied to the UV lamp by a microcontroller operatively connected to the lamp drive circuit between the dynamo and the UV lamp; incrementing a counter in the microcontroller until a predetermined value has been reached, the counter incrementing every time unit that current over a minimum threshold is supplied to the UV lamp; and in response to the counter reaching the predetermined value, powering off the UV lamp. 19. The method of claim 18, the method further comprising determining whether the UV lamp is immersed in a required amount of water by a water sensor operatively connected to the lamp drive circuit to prevent the UV lamp from being powered when the UV lamp is not surrounded by water and a pressure switch operatively connected to the lamp drive circuitry to prevent the UV lamp from being powered when the UV water purification system is not correctly screwed into a bottle. 20. The method of claim 18, wherein the resistance felt by the user when cranking the rotatable crank is reduced when the user cranks the rotatable crank faster and increased when the user cranks the rotatable crank more slowly 