A maximum power point tracking method and system for use with a power generator comprises sampling instantaneous output voltage and current of the power generator at a first instant in time and at a second instant in time to obtain first and second power samples, generating a reference voltage or current signal from a difference of the first and second power samples; comparing the reference voltage or current to the instantaneous power generator voltage or current and generating at least one gating signal; and repeating so as to minimize the difference of the first and second power samples; wherein the gating signal affects magnitude of the output voltage and current of the power generator; wherein the maximum power point is tracked when the difference signal is minimized. The power generator may be at least one photovoltaic cell, wind turbine, or fuel cell.
Claims 1. A maximum power point tracking method, comprising: sampling instantaneous output voltage and current of a power generator at a first instant in time and at a second instant in time to obtain first and second power samples, wherein the instantaneous voltage and current at the first instant in time are always greater than the instantaneous voltage and current at the second instant in time, or wherein the instantaneous voltage and current at the first instant in time are always less than the instantaneous voltage and current at the second instant in time; (ii) generating a reference voltage or current signal from a difference of the first and second power samples; (iii) comparing the reference voltage or current to the instantaneous power generator voltage or current and generating at least one gating signal; and (iv) repeating (i) to (iii) so as to minimize the difference of the first and second power samples; wherein the gating signal affects magnitude of the output voltage and current of the power generator; wherein the maximum power point is tracked when the difference signal is minimized. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein generating a reference voltage or current signal from a difference of the first and second power samples includes using a proportional-integral (PI) controller. 3. The method of claim 1, comprising sweeping the output voltage of the power generator for a range of maximum power points, determining a global maximum power point, and setting a starting point for maximum power point tracking as close as possible to the global maximum power point. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein the power generator is a photovoltaic cell, a wind turbine, or a fuel cell. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein the power generator comprises at least one photovoltaic cell. 6. A maximum power point tracker, comprising: (i) a sampling means that samples instantaneous output voltage and current of a power generator at a first instant in time and at a second instant in time to obtain first and second power samples, wherein the instantaneous voltage and current at the first instant in time are always greater than the instantaneous voltage and current at the second instant in time, or wherein the instantaneous voltage and current at the first instant in time are always less than the instantaneous voltage and current at the second instant in time; (ii) a subtractor that subtracts the first and second power samples to produce a difference signal; (iii) a means that generates a reference voltage or current signal from the difference signal; and (iv) a means that generates at least one gating signal by comparing the reference voltage or current signal to the instantaneous power generator voltage or current; wherein the gating signal minimizes the difference of the first and second power samples; wherein the maximum power point is tracked when the difference signal is minimized. 7. The maximum power point tracker of claim 6, wherein the means that generates the reference voltage or current signal comprises a proportional-integral (PI) controller. 8. The maximum power point tracker of claim 6, comprising means that sweeps the output voltage of the power generator for a range of maximum power points, determines a global maximum power point, and sets a starting point for maximum power point tracking as close as possible to the global maximum power point. 9. The maximum power point tracker of claim 6, wherein the power generator is a photovoltaic cell, a wind turbine, or a fuel cell. 10. The maximum power point tracker of claim 6, wherein the power generator comprises at least one photovoltaic cell. 11. A micro-inverter for a power generator, comprising: the maximum power point tracker of claim 6; and a power converter. 12. The micro-inverter of claim 11, wherein the power converter comprises a DC-DC converter and a DC-AC inverter. 13. The micro-inverter of claim 11, wherein the power converter generates a sinusoidal output current from the power generator output. 14. The micro-inverter of claim 11, wherein the power generator is a photovoltaic cell, a wind turbine, or a fuel cell. 15. The micro-inverter of claim 11, wherein the power generator comprises at least one photovoltaic cell. 16. A power generation system, comprising: the micro-inverter of claim 11; and at least one power generator. 17. The system of claim 16, wherein the power generator is a photovoltaic cell, a wind turbine, or a fuel cell. 18. The system of claim 16, wherein the power generator comprises at least one photovoltaic cell. 