A sun tracker device includes a base frame provided with a track that is at least in part circular; a support structure, of at least one photoreceiver module, the support structure being slidably associated with the track and including a reference plane for the coupling to the at least one photoreceiver module; a first motor group for controlling the movement of the support structure on the track around a substantially vertical axis; and at least one movement member of the at least one photoreceiver module around a respective substantially horizontal axis. The reference plane is tilted, with respect to a support plane of the device, by an angle of predetermined amplitude. An optimal compromise is achieved between maximisation of the energy yield and minimisation of the device size, at the same time ensuring an easy access to the components of the device for the maintenance operations.
Claims 1-24. (canceled) 25. A sun tracker device, comprising: a base frame provided with a track that is at least in part circular, said base frame defining a support plane; a support structure of at least one photoreceiver module, the support structure being slidably associated with the track and comprising a reference plane for coupling to said at least one photoreceiver module; a first motor group for controlling movement of the support structure on the track around a substantially vertical axis; and at least one movement member of said at least one photoreceiver module around a respective substantially orthogonal axis, wherein said reference plane is tilted, with respect to said support plane, by an angle of predetermined amplitude. 26. The device according to claim 25, wherein said angle has an amplitude between about 5.degree. and about 50.degree.. 27. The device according to claim 25, comprising at least one adjustment member of the tilt of said reference plane with respect to the support plane. 28. The device according to claim 25, wherein the support structure comprises a first framework slidably associated with the track and a second framework integrally associated with the first framework and comprising said reference plane. 29. The device according to claim 28, comprising at least one adjustment member of the tilt of said reference plan with respect to the support plane, wherein said at least one adjustment member comprises an arm of variable length, operatively associated, at a first free end thereof, with the first framework and, at an opposite second free end thereof, with the second framework. 30. The device according to claim 28, wherein said second framework is defined by a plurality of mutually associable reticular structures. 31. The device according to claim 25, wherein the support structure comprises a plurality of blocks for the mounting of a plurality of photoreceiver modules, said blocks capable of being associable with said support structure at a plurality of different positions. 32. The device according to claim 25, wherein the support structure is slidably associated with the track by the interposition of three wheels which are angularly equidistant from each other. 33. The device according to claim 32, wherein the track has an edge profile in cross section, and each wheel comprises a V-shaped groove coupled with said edge. 34. The device according to claim 32, wherein each wheel is rotatably mounted on a respective bracket associated with the support structure and extended along a direction tilted by an angle of predetermined amplitude with respect to a substantially vertical plane. 35. The device according to claim 34, wherein said angle has an amplitude equal to about 45.degree.. 36. The device according to claim 34, wherein the position of at least one wheel with respect to the track is adjustable. 37. The device according to claim 36, wherein said position is adjustable by adjusting the position of the respective bracket on the support structure. 38. The device according to claim 25, further comprising a second motor group for controlling movement of said at least one movement member, wherein the first motor group and the second motor group are mounted on a single mechanical support associated with said support structure. 39. The device according to claim 38, wherein the second motor group is of a same type and has a same size as the first motor group. 40. The device according to claim 38, wherein said mechanical support is removably associated with the support structure. 41. The device according to claim 25, wherein said first motor is kinematically coupled to said support structure by means of a first belt transmission comprising a toothed belt integrally associated with the track. 42. The device according to claim 38, wherein the second motor group is kinematically coupled to said at least one photoreceiver module by means of a toothed belt transmission comprising a gravity belt tightener. 43. The device according to claim 42, comprising a plurality of movement members of the photoreceiver modules kinematically coupled to each other by means of a plurality of mechanical deviation members capable of being adapted to make a synchronous movement of all the movement members. 44. The device according to claim 25, wherein the base frame comprises three support feet that are equidistant from each other. 45. The device according to claim 44, wherein each support foot is height-adjustable. 46. The device according to claim 25, comprising a plurality of photovoltaic panels. 47. The device according to claim 25, comprising a plurality of photovoltaic concentration modules. 48. The device according to claim 25, comprising a plurality of photoreceiver modules arranged along a plurality of parallel rows. 