An improved puck light assembly comprised of a solar-powered puck light mounted in a bracket assembly, which may be securely attached to a structural mounting surface. The puck light device of the present invention is dimensioned to be a hand-held, self-contained, rechargeable, solar-powered lighting assembly. The puck light device of the present invention is mounted in a bracket assembly that allows the puck light to be both recharged and used without repositioning in the bracket assembly. In one embodiment, the bracket assembly comprises a fixed bracket assembly that includes a bracket mount for selectively attaching the bracket assembly to a smooth surface. In another embodiment, the bracket assembly comprises pivoting bracket assembly. The pivoting bracket assembly includes a receiver tray for holding the puck light device, a pivotally attached support bracket connected to a bracket mount for attaching the pivoting bracket assembly to a mounting surface.
Claims 1. A solar-powered puck light device comprising: a housing having two primary faces and encasing a solar powered light assembly, said solar powered light assembly comprising a) a light emitting assembly configured under a lens positioned in an aperture formed in an obverse primary face of said housing, said light emitting assembly including a plurality of light emitting diodes and a reflector plate, b) a solar panel for converting ambient light into electrical energy, said solar panel configured in an aperture formed in a reverse primary face of said housing, c) an electric storage device for storing electrical energy produced by said solar panel and for providing power to said plurality of light emitting diodes, and d) electrical componentry for controlling the flow of electrical energy from said solar panel to said electric storage device and from said electric storage device to said plurality of light emitting diodes. 2. The solar-powered puck light device of claim 1, wherein said electrical componentry includes a manually actuated power switch assembly. 3. The solar-powered puck light device of claim 1, wherein said electrical componentry includes a manually actuated brightness control switch assembly. 4. The solar-powered puck light device of claim 1, wherein the primary faces of said housing have a diameter that is no larger than 3 inches. 5. The solar-powered puck light device of claim 1, wherein said housing comprises a two-piece assembly, said two-piece assembly comprising a front portion that includes said obverse primary face and a rear portion that includes said reverse primary face. 6. The solar-powered puck light device of claim 1, wherein said housing has a peripheral surface that is circular in shape. 7. The solar-powered puck light device of claim 1, wherein said housing has a peripheral surface shape that is selected from the group consisting of triangular, quadrangular, pentagonal, hexagonal, heptagonal, and octagonal. 8. A bracket assembly for selectively holding a solar-powered light device, comprising: a receiver bracket for holding said light device, said receiver bracket including a trough section having a shape that is substantially complementary to the shape of said solar-powered light device, said trough section having a frontal wall portion and a rear edge flange which restrict the fore and aft movement of the light device when seated within said receiver bracket, and a bracket mount fixably connected to said receiver bracket, said bracket mount having a mechanism for selectively mounting said bracket assembly to a structural mounting surface; wherein, when said light device is properly seated in said receiver bracket said frontal wall portion does not block light projected by said light device, nor does said rear edge flange block ambient light from shining on an integral solar panel of said light device. 9. The bracket assembly of claim 8, wherein said mounting mechanism comprises a suction cup mechanism and said structural mounting surface is smooth and transparent. 10. The bracket assembly of claim 9, wherein said structural mounting surface is glass or plexiglass. 11. The bracket assembly of claim 8, wherein said frontal wall portion of said receiver bracket includes an inner peripheral edge that is substantially similar to the outer periphery of an aperture formed in a face of said light device through which light is projected. 12. The bracket assembly of claim 11, wherein said receiver bracket is generally U-shaped comprising a first and second wing that restrict the lateral movement of the light device when seated in the receiver bracket. 13. The bracket assembly of claim 8, further comprising an intermediate section that extends the connection between said receiver bracket and said bracket mount. 14. A bracket assembly for selectively holding a solar-powered light device, comprising: a receiver tray for holding said light device, said receiver tray including an annular trough section having a shape that is substantially complementary to the shape of said light device, said trough section having a frontal wall portion and a peripheral wall portion that retain said light device in said receiver tray, said frontal wall portion having an aperture formed therein that is substantially similar to the outer periphery of an aperture formed in a face of said light device through which light is projected; a gimbal support bracket pivotally attached to opposing sides of said receiver tray; a bracket mount connected to said gimbal support bracket, said bracket mount having a mechanism for mounting said bracket assembly to a structural mounting surface; wherein, when said light device is properly seated in said receiver tray said frontal wall portion does not block light projected by said light device, nor does said peripheral wall portion block ambient light from shining on an integral solar panel of said light device. 15. The bracket assembly of claim 12, wherein said solar-powered light device includes a housing having two primary faces and encasing a solar powered light assembly, said solar-powered light assembly further comprising a) a light emitting assembly configured under a lens positioned in an aperture formed in an obverse primary face of said housing, said light emitting assembly including a plurality of light emitting diodes and a reflector plate, b) a solar panel for converting ambient light into electrical energy, said solar panel configured in an aperture formed in a reverse primary face of said housing, c) an electric storage device for storing electrical energy produced by said solar panel and for providing power to said plurality of light emitting diodes, and d) electrical componentry for controlling the flow of electrical energy from said solar panel to said electric storage device and from said electric storage device to said plurality of light emitting diodes. 16. The bracket assembly of claim 12, wherein said bracket mount is pivotally connected to said gimbal support bracket. 17. The bracket assembly of claim 12, wherein said peripheral wall portion includes a cut-out portion that allows a power activation switch on said light device to protrude through said receiver tray. 18. The bracket assembly of claim 12, further comprising an intermediate mount section connected between said gimbal support bracket and said bracket mount. 19. The bracket assembly of claim 16, wherein said intermediate mount section is pivotally attached to said bracket mount. 20. The bracket assembly of claim 15, wherein said intermediate mount section is pivotally attached to said gimbal support bracket. 