A solar collector/heat exchanger includes a first panel of corrugated heat conductive material, a second panel of corrugated heat conductive material, and a third panel of corrugated material. A mounting structure mounts the first and second panels with the third panel sandwiched between the first and second panels. The mounting structure further defines an air flow path across the first and second panels. The corrugations of the first and second panels extend parallel to the air flow path and the corrugations of the third panel extend perpendicular to the air flow path so as to cause turbulence in air passing between the first and second panels.
Claims 1. A solar collector/heat exchanger comprising: a first panel of corrugated heat conductive material; a second panel of corrugated heat conductive material; a third panel of corrugated material; and a mounting structure mounting the first and second panels with the third panel sandwiched between the first and second panels, the mounting structure further defining an air flow path across the first and second panels, the corrugations of the first and second panels extending parallel to the air flow path and the corrugations of the third panel extending perpendicular to the air flow path. 2. A solar collector/heat exchanger as claimed in claim 1 wherein the first and second panels of corrugated heat conductive material each include one of corrugated aluminum sheets and corrugated steel sheets. 3. A solar collector/heat exchanger as claimed in claim 1 wherein the third panel of corrugated material includes heat conductive material. 4. A solar collector/heat exchanger as claimed in claim 3 wherein the third panel of corrugated heat conductive material includes one of corrugated aluminum sheet material and corrugated steel sheet material. 5. A solar heating system comprising: a solar collector/heat exchanger including a solar heat collector panel of corrugated heat conductive material, a heat radiator panel of corrugated heat conductive material, a turbulator/heat radiator panel of corrugated material, and a mounting structure mounting the solar heat collector panel and the heat radiator panel with the turbulator/heat radiator panel sandwiched between the heat collector panel and the heat radiator panel, the mounting structure further defining an air flow path across the solar heat collector panel and the heat radiator panel, the corrugations of the solar heat collector panel and the heat radiator panel extending parallel to the air flow path and the corrugations of the turbulator/heat radiator panel extending perpendicular to the air flow path; and an enclosure defining an unheated air inlet and a heated air outlet and mounting the exchanger with the air flow path positioned between the unheated air inlet and the heated air outlet, the mounting structure being formed to direct unheated air over an outside surface of the heat collector panel and the heat radiator panel and to direct partially heated air over the turbulator/heat radiator panel and subsequently to the heated air outlet. 6. A solar heating system as claimed in claim 5 wherein the enclosure further includes an external access to solar radiation. 7. A solar collector/heat exchanger as claimed in claim 5 wherein the heat collector panel and the heat radiator panel both include one of corrugated aluminum sheets and corrugated steel sheets. 8. A solar collector/heat exchanger as claimed in claim 5 wherein the turbulator/heat radiator panel of corrugated material includes heat conductive material. 9. A solar collector/heat exchanger as claimed in claim 8 wherein the turbulator/heat radiator panel of corrugated heat conductive material includes one of corrugated aluminum sheet material and corrugated steel sheet material. 10. A method of heating air by solar radiation comprising the steps of: providing a solar collector/heat exchanger including first, second, and third panels of corrugated heat conductive material and a mounting structure mounting the first and second panels with the third panel sandwiched between the first and second panels, the mounting structure further defining an air flow path across the first and second panels, the corrugations of the first and second panels extending parallel to the air flow path and the corrugations of the third panel extending perpendicular to the air flow path; directing solar radiation onto the first panel; directing air to be warmed into the air flow path along the outer surface of the first panel and along the outer surface of the second panel to produce partially warmed air; and directing the partially warmed air from the surface of the second panel to the third panel sandwiched between the first and second panels, whereby the partially warmed air becomes heated air for heating an area. 