An assembly includes a first structure and a clamp configured to clamp the first structure to a second structure. The clamp may include a top portion configured to extend through the slot, where the top portion includes a head, a neck portion coupled to the head and a cylindrical body coupled to the neck portion. The clamp may also include a rotatable nut located adjacent the slot, where the rotatable nut has an opening to receive the cylindrical body. The clamp may further include a spring nut configured to receive a portion of the cylindrical body. The rotatable nut is configured to be turned such that when the head of the clamp is aligned with the slot in the first structure, the top portion of the clamp is configured to lower into the opening and clamp the first structure to a second structure.
Claims 1. An assembly, comprising: a first structure including a slot; and a clamp configured to clamp the first structure to a second structure, the clamp comprising: a top portion configured to extend through the slot in the first structure, the top portion including a head, a neck portion coupled to the head and a cylindrical body coupled to the neck portion, a rotatable nut located adjacent the slot, the rotatable nut having an opening to receive the cylindrical body, and a spring nut configured to receive a portion of the cylindrical body, wherein the rotatable nut is configured to be turned such that when the head of the clamp is aligned with the slot in the first structure, the top portion of the clamp is configured to lower into the opening and clamp the first structure to a second structure. 2. The assembly of claim 1, wherein the neck portion includes first and second portions located on opposite sides of the neck portion, and wherein the first structure includes notches located on either side of the slot, the notches being configured to receive the first and second portions of the neck portion when the first structure is clamped to the second structure. 3. The assembly of claim 1, wherein the first structure comprises a pier cap configured to support the second structure and the second structure comprises a strut configured to support one or more solar panels. 4. The assembly of claim 1, wherein the rotatable nut includes a first visual indicator and the spring nut includes a second visual indicator, wherein the first and second visual indicators are aligned when the first structure is clamped to the second structure. 5. The assembly of claim 1, wherein the head of the clamp is configured to be positioned substantially perpendicular to the slot in the first structure when the first structure is not clamped to the second structure. 6. The assembly of claim 1, wherein the second structure includes a lip or curved area and wherein the head of the clamp is configured to contact the lip or curved area when the first structure is clamped to the second structure. 7. The assembly of claim 1, wherein the rotatable nut comprises a cylindrical body with a plurality of indentations located around an outer circumference of the rotatable nut. 8. The assembly of claim 7, wherein the rotatable nut is configured to be rotated approximately 180 degrees to clamp the first structure to the second structure. 9. The assembly of claim 1, wherein the first structure and the clamp are pre-assembled. 10. The assembly of claim 1, wherein the spring nut includes a spring located in a central portion of the spring nut, the spring surrounding at least a portion of the cylindrical body and providing a biasing force on the top portion of the clamp. 11. The assembly of claim 1, wherein the rotatable nut include a plurality of serrated surfaces located on a top portion of the rotatable nut. 12. A clamp, comprising: a T-shaped structure comprising: a head portion configured to be located adjacent a slot in a first structure that is to be clamped to a second structure, the head portion contacting the second structure when the first and second structures are clamped together, a neck portion coupled to the head portion, the neck portion extending through the slot, in the first structure, and a cylindrical body coupled to the neck portion; a rotatable nut having an opening to receive the cylindrical body; and a second nut to receive a portion of the cylindrical body, wherein the rotatable nut is configured to be turned such that when the head portion of the clamp is aligned with the slot in the first structure, the head and neck portions are configured to lower into the opening and clamp the first structure to the second structure. 13. The clamp of claim 12, wherein the neck portion includes V-shaped portions located on opposite sides of the neck portion and wherein the first structure includes depressions located on either side of the slot, the depressions being configured to receive the V-shaped portions of the neck portion when the first structure is clamped to the second structure. 14. The clamp of claim 12, wherein the second structure includes a lip, and wherein the head portion is configured to contact the lip when the second structure is clamped to the first structure. 15. The clamp of claim 12, wherein the rotatable nut comprises a cylindrical body with a plurality of indentations located around a circumference of the outer surface of the rotatable nut, the plurality of indentations being configured to be gripped by a tool or by hand when rotating the rotatable nut. 16. The clamp of claim 12, wherein the rotatable nut comprises: a collar located in a center portion of the rotatable nut, the collar including a threaded surface configured to receive pins included on the cylindrical body, and a plurality of serrated surfaces located on a top portion of the rotatable nut. 17. The clamp of claim 12, further comprising: a spring located adjacent a central portion of the second nut, the spring surrounding at least a portion of the cylindrical body. 18. The clamp of claim 12, wherein the rotatable nut includes a first visual indicator and the second nut includes a second visual indicator, wherein the first and second visual indicators are aligned when the first structure is clamped to the second structure. 19. A method, comprising: providing a clamp connected to a mounting base, wherein the clamp is configured to clamp the mounting base to a strut, wherein the clamp includes a rotatable nut and a head portion, the rotatable nut being located adjacent a first side of a slot in the mounting base and the head portion being located adjacent a second side of the slot opposite the first side; lowering a strut over the head portion of the clamp; and turning the rotatable nut to clamp the strut to the mounting base, wherein when the head portion of the clamp is aligned with the slot in the mounting base, pins located on a bolt coupled to the head portion are configured to engage threaded surfaces of the rotatable nut such that the head portion and the bolt lower into an opening in the rotatable nut to clamp the strut to the mounting base. 20. The method of claim 19, wherein the turning comprises turning the rotatable nut approximately 180 degrees to clamp the strut to the mounting base such that a first visual indicator on the rotatable nut is aligned with a second visual indicator included on a spring nut coupled to the rotatable nut. 