A system, method and computer program product provides for power line communications (PLC) over electric power lines includes a device mountable near an electrical distribution transformer (DT) to provide a high speed interface and communicates with one or multiple access devices, which provide low speed interfaces for analog signals or digital signals over RS 232, RS 485, optical, wireless and Ethernet. The device transmits data to/from these access devices over the electric lines to other repeaters over one or more wires of an electrical line or over multiple lines, and serves to strengthen and improve signal quality. Upon detecting a wire or line is having problems carrying data, the data is sent over other wires, and upon power line failures, wireless backup to mobile/GSM and WiMax networks is utilized. The device permits utilities and others to read electric meters, monitor the power quality of the distribution grid and detect power losses/failures/outages, and permits telecom service providers and others to provide a communications link to cell phone towers, WiFi Access Points and enable broadband Internet and telephony in rural, remote or sparely populated areas.
Claims 1. A system for providing power line communications, comprising: a repeater for repeating power line communication signals, the repeater comprising a module system operable to provide an alternative communications connection; and a coupler system operable to provide a communications interface between the repeater and an electric power line, the coupler system comprising a plurality of insulation and impedance sleeves, wherein the repeater is operable to repeat received power line communication signals and transmit repeated power line communication signals having a strengthened signal to noise ratio. 2. (canceled) 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the electric power line comprises a plurality of wires, wherein the transmitted power line communication signals are transmitted on the same wire of the electric power line. 4. The system of claim 3, wherein the power line communication signals are received on a first frequency band of the same wire and are transmitted on a second frequency band of the same wire. 5. (canceled) 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the electric power line comprises a plurality of wires, wherein the received power line communication signals are received on a first wire of the electrical power line and wherein the transmitted power line communication signals are transmitted on a second wire of the electric power line. 7. (canceled) 8. The system of claim 6, wherein the power line communication signals are received on a first frequency band of the first wire and are transmitted on a second frequency band on the second wire. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein the received power line communication signals are received from the electric power line and the repeater determines whether to transmit the received power line communication signals over the electric power line or through the alternative communications connection. 10. The system of claim 1, wherein the repeater receives signals from the alternative communications connection and transmits the received signals as power line communication signals on the electric power line. 11. (canceled) 12. (canceled) 13. The system of claim 1, wherein the alternative communications connection comprises any one of: a high speed connection via a high speed interface; a low speed connection via a low speed interface; an RS232 interface; an RS485 interface; an optical interface; a wireless interface; an Ethernet interface; cellular interface; a Groupe Special Mobile (GSM) base transceiver stations; and/or a code division multiple access (CDMA) wireless network. 14. (canceled) 15. The system of claim 1, wherein the electric power line is a medium voltage (MV) electric power line, wherein a first insulation and impedance sleeve of the plurality of insulation and impudence sleeves is for connecting to the medium voltage (MV) electric power line, and wherein a second insulation and impedance sleeve of the plurality of insulation and impedance sleeves is for connecting to a low voltage (LV) electric power line. 16. The system of claim 1, wherein the electric power line comprises a plurality of wires, wherein the power line communication signals are received on a first wire of the plurality of wires, wherein the repeater determines whether to transmit the received power line communication signals through a second wire of the plurality of wires or through the alternative communications connection if connectivity with another repeater is lost over the electric power line. 17. (canceled) 18. (canceled) 19. (canceled) 20. A meter interface unit operable to provide remote meter reading, comprising: a meter data port operable to communicate with a meter, the meter connected to a load side of an electric power line; and a processing system to receive meter data signals from the meter through the meter data port, to convert the received meter data signals to power line communication signals and to transmit the power line communication signals to a line side of the electric power line. 21. The meter interface unit of claim 20, wherein the MIU is operable to communicate with the meter and one or more additional meters, wherein the processing system further to receive a request over the electrical power line to read meter data signals from the meter and/or one or more of the additional meters, to receive meter data signals from the meter and/or one or more additional meters through the meter data port in accordance with the request, to convert the received meter data signals from the meter and/or one or more additional meters to power line communication signals in accordance with the request and to transmit the power line communication signals to the line side of the electric power line in accordance with the request. 22. The meter interface unit of claim 20, further comprising a load side interface to connect the meter interface unit to the load side of the electrical power line, wherein the processing system further to provide remote load management through the load side interface. 23. The meter interface unit of claim 22, wherein the processing system further to receive load disconnect and/or connect instructions from the line side of the electrical power line and to send load disconnect and/or connect instructions through the load side interface. 24. The meter interface unit of claim 23, wherein the load disconnect and/or connect instructions are sent through the load side interface to the electrical power line. 25. (canceled) 26. An electrical power line system comprising: the meter interface unit of claim 20; a low voltage (LV) gateway switch to communicate with the meter interface unit over the electrical power line; and a central network management system (NMS) server to communicate with the LV gateway switch through a communication interface, wherein the communication interface comprises at least one of: an Ethernet interface, a Fiber interface, a T1/E1 interface, an xDSL interface, and/or a GSM/GPRS interface. 27. (canceled) 28. (canceled) 29. (canceled) 30. (canceled) 31. An electrical power line monitoring system, comprising: a sensor to measure at least one energy-related parameter of an electrical power line; and an interface unit coupled to the sensor to receive measurements from the sensor, the interface unit comprising: a data port operable to communicate with the sensor; a processing system to receive the measurements from the sensor through the data port, to convert the received measurements to power line communication signals and to transmit the power line communication signals over the electric power line. 32. The electrical power line monitoring system of claim 31, wherein the interface unit comprises a local memory, wherein the processing system to receive periodic measurements from the sensor and to store the periodic measurements in the local memory. 33. (canceled) 34. The electrical power line monitoring system of claim 32, wherein the interface unit reads the stored measurements from the local memory and sends the read measurements over the electrical power line as power line communication signals. 35. The electrical power line monitoring system of claim 31, further comprising a switching mechanism coupled to the electrical power line to disconnect power from the electrical power line; wherein the processing system further to receive disconnect instructions from the electrical power line and to send disconnect instructions to the switching mechanism in response to the received disconnect instructions. 36. (canceled) 37. (canceled) 38. (canceled) 39. (canceled) 40. (canceled) 41. (canceled) 42. (canceled) 43. (canceled) 44. (canceled) 45. (canceled) 46. (canceled) 47. (canceled) 48. (canceled) 49. (canceled) 50. (canceled) 51. (canceled) 52. (canceled) 53. (canceled) 54. (canceled) 55. (canceled) 56. A power monitoring system, comprising: a sensor to measure at least one parameter of a power distribution device, a power generation device, or a power storage device connected to an electrical power line; and an interface unit coupled to the sensor to receive measurements from the sensor, the interface unit comprising: a data port operable to communicate with the sensor; and a processing system to receive the measurements from the sensor through the data port, to convert the received measurements to power line communication signals and to transmit the power line communication signals over the electric power line. 57. The power monitoring system of claim 56, wherein the power distribution device comprises a distribution transformer, a capacitor bank, a fuse, or a switch; wherein the power generation device comprises a solar energy source or a wind energy source; or wherein the power storage device comprises a battery storage device. 58. The power monitoring system of claim 56, wherein the at least one parameter comprises at least one of a transformer temperature, a wire temperature, an oil level, or a battery voltage level. 59. The power monitoring system of claim 56, wherein the at least one parameter relates to at least one of power outage detection, power loss detection, power failure detection, and/or customer load management. 60. The power monitoring system of claim 56, further comprising a switching mechanism coupled to the power distribution device, the power generation device, or the power storage device to disconnect power to and/or from the power distribution device, the power generation device, or the power storage device; wherein the processing system further to receive disconnect instructions from the electrical power line and to send disconnect instructions to the switching mechanism in response to the received disconnect instructions. 61. The electrical power line monitoring system of claim 31, wherein the at least one energy-related parameter is at least one of voltage, current, power factor, energy usage or voltage fluctuations of the electrical power line. 62. The electrical power line monitoring system of claim 31, further comprising a smart meter, wherein the smart meter comprises the sensor and the interface unit, wherein the at least one energy-related parameter is at least one of energy usage or energy consumption. 63. An electrical power line system comprising: the sensor and the interface unit of claim 31; a low voltage (LV) gateway switch to communicate with the interface unit over the electrical power line; and a central network management system (NMS) server to communicate with the LV gateway switch through a communication interface, wherein the communication interface comprises at least one of: an Ethernet interface, a Fiber interface, a T1/E1 interface, an xDSL interface, and/or a GSM/GPRS interface. 64. The meter interface unit of claim 20, wherein the processing system to transmit the power line communication signals to the line side of the electric power line in real time. 65. An electrical power line system comprising: the meter interface unit of claim 20; a plurality of repeaters comprising a first repeater coupled to the meter interface unit over the electrical power line, the plurality of repeaters to repeat over the electrical power line the power line communication signals transmitted from the meter interface unit; a hub repeater coupled to the plurality of repeaters to receive over the electrical power line the repeated power line communication signals and to transmit the received power line communication signals over an interface not coupled to the electrical power line; and a central network management system (NMS) server to receive the power line communication signals from the hub repeater over the interface not coupled to the electrical power line. 