In one embodiment, a wireless device is embedded in a solar panel for providing remote tracking and/or performance monitoring of the solar panel. The wireless device may be a wireless tracking device including a memory for storing the identification or identity information of the solar panel or of the individual solar cells forming the panel. The wireless device may be a wireless tracking and monitoring device to provide both tracking and performance monitoring functions. In another embodiment, the wireless device is affixed to the exposed side of the back sheet of the solar panel but within the junction box interface so that the wireless device is enclosed in the junction box housing. In other embodiments, some of the elements of the wireless device may be embedded in the solar panel while other elements are affixed to the exposed back sheet inside the junction box housing.
Claims 1. A solar panel comprising: an assembly of interconnected photovoltaic cells; a top plate configured to affix to a front side (sun up side) of the assembly of interconnected photovoltaic cells; a back sheet configured to affix to a back side of the assembly of interconnected photovoltaic cells; a wireless tracking device placed between the top plate and the back sheet of the solar panel, the wireless tracking device comprising a wireless communication interface and a memory; and an antenna formed on or in the solar panel and in electrical communication with the wireless communication interface of the wireless tracking device, wherein the memory of the wireless tracking device is configured to store at least identification and identity information of the solar panel or identification and identity information of one or more of the photovoltaic cells of the solar panel, the information stored in the memory being accessible through the wireless communication interface of the wireless tracking device. 2. The solar panel of claim 1, wherein the wireless tracking device is placed on the front side of one or more of the photovoltaic cells, or on the back side of one or more of the photovoltaic cells, or placed in a gap or a space adjacent to or between one or more of the photovoltaic cells. 3. The solar panel of claim 1, further comprising: a first interface layer covering the front side of the assembly of interconnected photovoltaic cells; and a second interface layer covering the back side of the assembly of interconnected photovoltaic cells, wherein the top plate is configured to affix to the front side of the assembly of interconnected photovoltaic cells through the first interface layer and the back sheet is configured to affix to the back side of the assembly of interconnected photovoltaic cells through the second interface layer, and wherein the wireless tracking device is embedded between the first interface layer and the second interface layer of the solar panel. 4. The solar panel of claim 3, wherein the first interface layer comprises a transparent adhesive layer and the second interface layer comprises an adhesive layer. 5. The solar panel of claim 3, wherein the first interface layer comprises a first encapsulant sheet and the second interface layer comprises a second encapsulant sheet. 6. The solar panel of claim 3, wherein the wireless tracking device is positioned on a front side or a back side of one or more photovoltaic cells and is electrically insulated from the photovoltaic cells by a third interface layer. 7. The solar panel of claim 1, wherein the wireless tracking device comprises a wireless tracking and monitoring device including the wireless communication interface and the memory, the wireless tracking and monitoring device further comprising: one or more sensors configured to measure one or more operational parameters of the solar panel or the photovoltaic cells, the one or more sensors generating measured sensor values; a processor configured to process measured sensor values; and an interface bus coupled between the processor and the memory and between the processor and the wireless communication interface to provide the processed sensor values to the memory or to the wireless communication interface. 8. The solar panel of claim 7, wherein the processed sensor values are stored in the memory and the information stored in the memory are accessible through the wireless communication interface of the wireless tracking and monitoring device. 9. The solar panel of claim 7, wherein the processed sensor values are transmitted through the wireless communication interface of the wireless tracking and monitoring device without being stored in the memory. 10. The solar panel of claim 7, wherein the wireless tracking and monitoring device further comprises one or more sensors configured to measure a solar panel voltage, a solar panel current, a temperature value of the photovoltaic cells or a humidity value of the assembly of photovoltaic cells. 11. The solar panel of claim 10, wherein the one or more sensors of the wireless tracking and monitoring device are electrically connected to the solar panel or one or more photovoltaic cells to measure the solar panel voltage, the solar panel current and the temperature value of the photovoltaic cells. 12. The solar panel of claim 11, wherein the solar panel further comprises a junction box interface comprising conductive traces electrically connected to a most positive voltage node and a most negative voltage node of the solar panel, wherein the wireless tracking and monitoring device is positioned near or within the junction box interface and the one or more sensors are electrically connected to the most positive voltage node and the most negative voltage node of the solar panel to measure the solar panel voltage and the solar panel current. 13. The solar panel of claim 11, wherein each of the photovoltaic cell comprises at least one conductive bus bar formed on the front side and at least one conductive bus bar formed on the back side of the photovoltaic cell, the bus bar on the front side of one photovoltaic cell being connected to the bus bar on the back side of an adjacent photovoltaic cell to form a serial chain of photovoltaic cells being part of the assembly of interconnected photovoltaic cells. 14. The solar panel of claim 13, wherein the one or more sensors of the wireless tracking and monitoring device is electrically connected to a contiguous segment of the bus bar to measure a voltage value of the segment of the bus bar, the voltage value of the bus bar being indicative of the temperature of the photovoltaic cells. 15. The solar panel of claim 13, wherein the one or more sensors of the wireless tracking and monitoring device is electrically connected to a first end and a second end of the bus bars across one or more photovoltaic cells to measure a voltage value between the first end and the second end of the bus bars, the voltage value of the chain of bus bars being indicative of the temperature of the photovoltaic cells. 16. The solar panel of claim 7, wherein the processor comprises an analog-to-digital converter configured to digitize the measured sensor values. 17. The solar panel of claim 7, wherein the processor is powered by a voltage of the solar panel. 18. The solar panel of claim 7, further comprising a battery to supply power to the wireless tracking and monitoring device. 19. The solar panel of claim 1, wherein the antenna is formed as conductive traces embedded between the top plate and the back sheet of the solar panel. 20. The solar panel of claim 1, wherein the antenna is formed as conductive traces on a front side of the top plate of the solar panel or on a back side of the back sheet of the solar panel. 21. The solar panel of claim 1, wherein the wireless tracking device comprises a radio frequency identification (RFID) device, the RFID device being a passive RFID device powered by the energy received on the antenna or an active RFID device powered by a voltage of the solar panel. 22. The solar panel of claim 1, further comprising a battery to supply power to the wireless tracking device. 23. The solar panel of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic cells comprise thin film photovoltaic cells, the thin film photovoltaic cells being formed on a back side of the top plate directly, the wireless tracking device being embedded between the thin film photovoltaic cells and the back sheet of the solar panel, the top plate being a glass layer. 24. The solar panel of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic cells comprise thin film photovoltaic cells, the thin film photovoltaic cells being formed on a front side of a carrier substrate, the wireless tracking device being embedded between the thin film photovoltaic cells and the top plate of the solar panel. 25. The solar panel of claim 1, wherein the top plate comprises a glass layer or an optically transparent polymer layer. 26. A solar panel comprising: an assembly of interconnected photovoltaic cells; a top plate configured to affix to a front side (sun up side) of the assembly of interconnected photovoltaic cells; a back sheet configured to affix to a back side of the assembly of interconnected photovoltaic cells; and a wireless tracking and monitoring device comprising: a wireless communication interface; one or more sensors configured to measure one or more operational parameters of the solar panel or the photovoltaic cells, the one or more sensors generating measured sensor values; a processor configured to process measured sensor values; a memory configured to store at least identification and identity information of the solar panel or identification and identity information of one or more of the photovoltaic cells of the solar panel; and an interface bus coupled between the processor and the memory and between the processor and the wireless communication interface to provide the processed sensor values to the memory or to the wireless communication interface, wherein at least the wireless communication interface and the memory of the wireless tracking and monitoring device are affixed to an exposed side of the back sheet at a location inside the junction box interface, the wireless tracking and monitoring device being enclosed by a junction box housing attached to the junction box interface; an antenna formed on or in the solar panel and in electrical communication with the wireless communication interface of the wireless tracking and monitoring device, wherein the information stored in the memory is accessible through the wireless communication interface of the wireless tracking and monitoring device. 27. The solar panel of claim 26, wherein the one or more sensors of the wireless tracking and monitoring device are placed between the top plate and the back sheet of the solar panel and are electrically connected to the processor of the wireless tracking and monitoring device affixed to an exposed side of the back sheet at the location inside the junction box interface. 28. The solar panel of claim 26, wherein the one or more sensors and the processor of the wireless tracking and monitoring device are placed between the top plate and the back sheet of the solar panel and are electrically connected to the interface bus of the wireless tracking and monitoring device affixed to an exposed side of the back sheet at the location inside the junction box interface. 29. The solar panel of claim 26, wherein the processed sensor values are stored in the memory and the information stored in the memory are accessible through the wireless communication interface of the wireless tracking and monitoring device. 30. The solar panel of claim 26, wherein the processed sensor values are transmitted through the wireless communication interface of the wireless tracking and monitoring device without being stored in the memory. 31. The solar panel of claim 26, wherein the wireless tracking and monitoring device further comprises one or more sensors configured to measure a solar panel voltage, a solar panel current, a temperature value of the photovoltaic cells or a humidity value of the assembly of photovoltaic cells. 32. The solar panel of claim 31, wherein the one or more sensors of the wireless tracking and monitoring device are electrically connected to the solar panel or one or more photovoltaic cells to measure the solar panel voltage, the solar panel current and the temperature value of the photovoltaic cells. 33. The solar panel of claim 26, wherein the processor comprises an analog-to-digital converter configured to digitize the measured sensor values. 34. The solar panel of claim 26, wherein the processor is powered by a voltage of the solar panel. 35. The solar panel of claim 26, further comprising a battery to supply power to the wireless tracking and monitoring device. 36. The solar panel of claim 26, wherein the antenna is formed as conductive traces embedded between the top plate and the back sheet of the solar panel. 37. The solar panel of claim 26, wherein the antenna is formed as conductive traces on a front side of the top plate of the solar panel or on a back side of the back sheet of the solar panel. 38. The solar panel of claim 26, wherein the wireless tracking and monitoring device comprises a radio frequency identification (RFID) device, the RFID device being a passive RFID device powered by the energy received on the antenna or an active RFID device powered by a voltage of the solar panel or by a battery power. 39. A system to track and monitor a solar panel array, comprising: an array of solar panels, each solar panel comprising an assembly of interconnected photovoltaic cells and a wireless tracking device placed between a top plate and a back sheet of the solar panel, the wireless tracking device comprising a wireless communication interface and a memory, the solar panel further comprising an antenna formed on or in the solar panel and in electrical communication with the wireless communication interface of the wireless tracking device, wherein the memory of the wireless tracking device is configured to store at least identification and identity information of the solar panel or identification and identity information of one or more of the photovoltaic cells of the solar panel, the information in the memory being accessible through the wireless communication interface of the wireless tracking device; one or more power inverters connected to the array of solar panels; and a wireless communication reader configured to communicate with the wireless tracking device in one or more solar panels to retrieve information stored in the memory of the wireless tracking device through wireless communication. 40. The system of claim 39, wherein the wireless tracking device comprises a wireless tracking and monitoring device including the wireless communication interface and the memory, the wireless tracking and monitoring device further comprising: one or more sensors configured to measure one or more operational parameters of the solar panel or the photovoltaic cells, the one or more sensors generating measured sensor values; a processor configured to process measured sensor values; and an interface bus coupled between the processor and the memory and between the processor and the wireless communication interface to provide the processed sensor values to the memory or to the wireless communication interface. 