A power system is provided, where a load may be powered either by a battery or a source of AC power. The output of the battery (through and inverter) and the source of AC power are both connected to the input of a toggle switch. The output of the toggle switch is connected to the load, such that only one of the battery or the source of AC power is connected to power the load. The battery can be charged from at least one source of renewable energy, and from the output of an AC charger that has, as its input, the source of AC power. The power system has a clock that can be programmed to indicate when a time is peak or off-peak for the source of AC power. The charge level of the battery is monitored by a state of charge monitor. Depending on the state of charge of the battery, and whether the time is peak or off-peak, a controller will output a control signal to the toggle switch to select whether the load is powered by the battery or the source of AC power, and a control signal to connect or disconnect the AC charger.
Claims 1. A system for powering a load, comprising: a battery; a DC input to said battery for connection to a source of renewable DC power for charging said battery; an AC charger with a DC output connected to a DC input to said battery for charging said battery and an AC input for connection to a source of AC power; a state of charge monitor for monitoring a state of charge of said battery; a clock; a toggle switch for connecting one and only one of said battery and said source of AC power to said load; one of an AC to DC converter connected between said source of AC power and said toggle switch and a DC to AC converter connected between said battery and said toggle switch; a controller input by said state of charge monitor and said clock and outputting a switch control signal to said toggle switch and a control signal to said AC charger; said controller for, on determining said clock indicates an off-peak time for said source of AC power, controlling said toggle switch to switch in said source of AC power and to switch out said battery only if said state of charge of said battery is below a threshold value. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein said controller is also for, on determining said clock indicates an off-peak time for said source of AC power, activating said AC charger if said state of charge of said battery is below said threshold value. 3. The system of claim 2 wherein said threshold value is about 60% of a full charge of said battery. 4. The system of claim 2 wherein said controller is also for, after controlling said toggle switch to switch in said source of AC power and to switch out said battery, on sensing a state of charge at about full charge, controlling said toggle switch to switch out said source of AC power and to switch in said battery. 5. The system of claim 2 wherein said controller is also for, on determining said clock indicates a peak time for said source of AC power, controlling said toggle switch to switch in said source of AC power and to switch out said battery only if said state of charge of said battery is below said threshold value. 6. The system of claim 2 wherein said controller is also for, after controlling said toggle switch to switch in said source of AC power and to switch out said battery and activating said AC charger, on determining said clock indicates a peak time for said source of AC power, de-activating said AC charger. 7. The system of claim 1 wherein said threshold value is a first threshold value and wherein said controller is also for, on determining said time indicated by said clock indicates said off-peak time for said source of AC power, controlling said toggle switch to switch in said source of AC power and to switch out said battery and for simultaneously activating said AC charger if said state of charge of said battery is below a second threshold value, said second threshold value being lower than said first threshold value. 8. The system of claim 7 wherein said first threshold value is about 70% of a full charge of said battery and wherein said second threshold value is about 50% of said full charge of said battery. 9. The system of claim 7 wherein said controller is also for, on determining said clock indicates a peak time for said source of AC power, controlling said toggle switch to switch in said source of AC power and to switch out said battery only if said state of charge of said battery is below a third threshold value, said third threshold value being between said first threshold value and said second threshold value. 10. The system of claim 7 wherein said controller is also for, after controlling said toggle switch to switch in said source of AC power and to switch out said battery and activating said AC charger, on determining said clock indicates a peak time for said source of AC power, de-activating said AC charger. 11. The system of claim 1 further comprising at least one of a solar panel and wind turbine with an electrical output connected to said DC input of said battery. 12. The system of claim 1 further comprising a housing for housing said battery, said DC input to said battery, said AC charger, said state of charge monitor, and said controller. 13. The system of claim 12 wherein said housing is wheeled. 14. A method of powering a load, comprising: charging a battery from at least one renewable DC power source; powering a load with said battery; monitoring a state of charge of said battery; at a beginning of each off-peak time for an electrical grid, switching in a source of AC power to power said load and ceasing to power said load with said battery only if said state of charge of said battery is below a threshold value. 15. The method of claim 14 further comprising, when charging said battery from said electrical grid, powering said load from said electrical grid and not powering said load with said battery. 16. The method of claim 15 further comprising, at said beginning of each off-peak time for said electrical grid, activating said AC charger if said state of charge of said battery is below said threshold value. 17. The method of claim 16 wherein said threshold value is about 60% of a full charge of said battery. 18. The method of claim 15 wherein said threshold value is a first threshold value and further comprising, at said beginning of each off-peak time for said electrical grid, switching in a source of AC power to power said load and ceasing to power said load with said battery and simultaneously charging said battery from said electrical grid if said state of charge of said battery is below a second threshold value, said second threshold value being lower than said first threshold value. 19. The method of claim 18 wherein said first threshold value is about 70% of a full charge of said battery and said second threshold value is about 50% of said full charge of said battery. 20. The method of claim 15 further comprising, when powering said load with said source of AC power, on sensing a state of charge of said battery at about full charge, powering said load with said battery and ceasing to power said load with said source of AC power. 