A method for conditioning a photovoltaic module for testing includes setting an effective irradiance of a continuous light source at a target plane, configuring a test photovoltaic module to operate at a substantially maximum power point configuration, positioning the test photovoltaic module adjacent to the target plane, and configuring the test photovoltaic module for testing by removing the light source, cooling the test module to a testing temperature, and reversing the substantially maximum power point configuration.
Claims 1. A method for conditioning a photovoltaic module for testing, the method comprising: setting an effective irradiance of a continuous light source at a target plane; configuring a test photovoltaic module to operate at a substantially maximum power point configuration; positioning the test photovoltaic module at a known location relative to the target plane such that the target plane of the continuous light source intersects with at least a portion of a surface of the test photovoltaic module; heating the test photovoltaic module; and configuring the test photovoltaic module for testing by removing the light source, cooling the test module to a testing temperature, and reversing the substantially maximum power point configuration. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the step of setting an effective irradiance comprises using a reference device to set an effective irradiance at the target plane. 3. The method of claim 2, further comprising determining a spectral mismatch error between the test photovoltaic module and the reference device and calculating a mismatch correction factor using the determined spectral mismatch error, wherein the mismatch correction factor is used to correct the effective irradiance specific to the test photovoltaic module. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein the step of configuring a test photovoltaic module to operate at a substantially maximum power point configuration comprises installing a resistor in the test photovoltaic module. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein the step of configuring a test photovoltaic module to operate at a substantially maximum power point configuration comprises connecting the test photovoltaic module to a maximum power point tracking system. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein the effective irradiance is greater than about 700 W/m.sup.2. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein the effective irradiance is less than about 1300 W/m.sup.2. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein the step of heating the test photovoltaic module comprises heating the test photovoltaic module to a temperature in the range of about 50 degrees C. to about 100 degrees C. 9. The method of claim 1, wherein the step of heating the test photovoltaic module comprises heating the test photovoltaic module to a temperature above about 75 degrees C. 10. The method of claim 1, wherein the step of heating the test photovoltaic module comprises heating the test photovoltaic module over a period of greater than about 10 minutes. 11. The method of claim 1, wherein the step of heating the test photovoltaic module comprises heating the test photovoltaic module over a period of less than about 1 hour. 12. The method of claim 1, further comprising holding the test photovoltaic module at a substantially constant temperature for less than about 24 hours, after heating the test photovoltaic module. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein the step of holding the test photovoltaic module at a substantially constant temperature for less than about 15 minutes comprises holding the test photovoltaic module at about 85 degrees C. for about 10 minutes. 14. The method of claim 1, wherein the continuous light source comprises sunlight or an artificial light source. 15. The method of claim 1, wherein the cooling comprises convective cooling or directing a flow of air at the test photovoltaic module. 16. The method of claim 1, further comprising the step of holding the test photovoltaic module substantially at the testing temperature for less than about 5 hours before testing an I(V) characteristics of the test photovoltaic module. 17. A system for conditioning a photovoltaic module for testing, the system comprising: a continuous light source for irradiating a target plane intersecting at least a portion of a surface of a test photovoltaic module, wherein the continuous light source is positioned proximate to the test photovoltaic module; a maximum power point module operable to permit the test photovoltaic module to operate substantially near maximum power point; and a measuring system comprising: a thermal sensor for monitoring a temperature of the test photovoltaic module, wherein the thermal sensor is positioned in thermal contact with the test photovoltaic module; and a memory component in connection with the thermal sensor via a data interface. 18. The system of claim 17, wherein the continuous light source comprises an artificial light source or sunlight. 19. The system of claim 17, wherein the maximum power point module comprises a resistor. 20. The system of claim 19, wherein the maximum power point module comprises a maximum power point tracking system. 