A light bar is described that is of a modular construction based on one or more large circuit boards that are populated with light beam assemblies and then fastened to an interior space of the light bar housing. Keys that automatically align the light beam assemblies on each of the boards precisely control placement of the assemblies on the board. In turn, each of the boards is keyed to the interior of the light bar housing so that when the board is fastened to the housing the light beam assemblies are automatically registered into alignment with the lenses in the housing so that the beams from the assemblies are properly oriented. The light bar is inexpensive to fabricate and can be assembled quickly and reliably, yet it provides for a high degree of customization, which is a requirement in the emergency vehicle lighting industry.
Claims 1. A process for making an emergency light whose external housing is divided into separable sections and contains light assemblies comprising beam shaping devices that each produce a separate light beam, the process including: populating a circuit board with two or more of the light assemblies by registering each of the light assemblies with respect to one or more references on the circuit board, which registration properly positions the light assembly for generating a light beam; fastening each of the light assemblies to the circuit board at the proper position, where the proper position orients the light beam produced by the beam shaping device of the light assembly to be substantially in a direction perpendicular to a normal of a flat surface of the circuit board; piloting the circuit board to mate with an interior surface of at least one of the sections of the housing by aligning one or more references fixed to the circuit board and one or more references fixed to the housing, which alignment registers each of the light assemblies fastened to the circuit board with a lens in the housing; fastening the circuit board to the interior surface of the housing section; and mating the sections of the housing so that the circuit boards and the light assemblies are contained within a closed space defined by the interior of the housing. 2. The process of claim 1 wherein populating the light assemblies includes selecting each light assembly from a group of different types of light sources, where the types include LEDs, halogen lamps, high intensity discharge (HID) lamps, lasers, strobe lamps, incandescent lamps and light engines. 3. The process of claim 1 including populating another circuit board with two or more light assemblies by registering each of the light assemblies with respect to one or more references on the circuit board and then fastening the light assembly to the circuit board at a proper position determined by the one or more references; placing said another circuit board in the housing section; and, connecting a wiring harness between the said another circuit board and the circuit board. 4. The process of claim 4 including placing the circuit board and the said another circuit board in the housing section such that the flat section of the circuit board is substantially coplanar with a flat section of said another circuit board. 5. The process of claim 1 wherein the proper position of at least one of the light assemblies optically aligns the beam shaping device of the assembly to light emitting diodes (LEDs) supported on the circuit board such that the LEDs and the beam shaping device cooperate to create the light beam. 6. The process of claim 1 including adding a wireless receiver within the housing for receiving remotely generated commands controlling the two or more light sources. 7. The process of claim 1 including physically attaching an energy source to the emergency light for providing energy to all energy consuming devices within the housing, including the light assemblies. 8. The process of claim 1 wherein the emergency light is a light bar. 9. A self-powered light bar for mounting to a vehicle, the light bar comprising: an elongated housing for spanning a roof of the vehicle; emergency lighting mounted within the housing; solar cells mated with the housing for providing power to the emergency lighting; a storage device also mated with the housing and in communication with the solar cells for storing energy generated by the solar cells when the energy is not being used by the emergency lighting; a controller mounted within the housing for controlling the emergency lighting and for coordinating the flow of energy to the emergency lighting from the solar cells and the storage device; and a receiver mounted within the housing for wirelessly communicating with a control head in a passenger compartment of the vehicle. 10. The self-powered light bar of claim 9 including a fuel cell within the housing. 11. The self-powered light bar of claim 9 wherein the storage device is a rechargeable battery. 12. The self-powered light bar of claim 9 wherein the storage device is a capacitive device. 13. The self-powered light bar of claim 9 including a connection in the housing and between the receiver and the controller for communicating to the controller commands entered by a user at the control head, which commands enable the controller to operate the emergency lighting in keeping with the commands. 14. The self-powered light bar of claim 10 wherein the receiver is part of a transceiver that provides for bi-directional communication between the controller and the control head. 15. The self-powered light bar of claim 9 wherein the emergency lighting includes one or more groups of light emitting diodes (LEDs), with each group associated with a beam shaping device that shapes light from the group of LEDs into an emergency light signal. 16. The self-powered light bar of claim 15 wherein at least two of the groups of LEDs are mounted on a common circuit board. 17. A method for retrofitting a vehicle to include an emergency signaling system, the method including: mounting an emergency signaling system contained in a common housing to the vehicle without any external wiring connecting the housing and the vehicle; applying energy to emergency lights within the common housing from a source of energy that is mated with the common housing; providing command signals to a controller in the common housing by way of a wireless connection between the controller and a user interface remote from the common housing; and operating the emergency lights in response to commands from the controller that are in keeping with the command signals received by way of the wireless connection such that the emergency lights contained by the common housing are operated and controlled without any wiring connecting the emergency lights to sources of energy or control that are external to the common housing. 18. The method of claim 17 wherein the mounting of the emergency signaling system to the vehicle includes mounting the emergency signaling system to a roof of the vehicle. 19. The method of claim 17 including converting solar energy to electrical energy at the source of energy and storing the electrical energy within the common housing when the electrical energy is not applied to operating the emergency lights. 20. The method of claim 19 including providing the stored electrical energy to the emergency lights when the electrical energy immediately available from the source of energy is insufficient to drive the emergency lights. 21. The method of claim 20 wherein the stored electrical energy supplements the electrical energy immediately available from the source of energy in order to provide a total amount of electrical energy that is sufficient to operate the emergency lights. 22. The method of claim 17 wherein an operator of the vehicle enters commands to the user interface, which is mounted within a passenger compartment of the vehicle. 