A power supply system (SYS) and a photovoltaic device (PVE) intended therefor and comprising a plurality of DC voltage-generating photovoltaic modules (PVM) are proposed, wherein the photovoltaic modules (PVM) for generating a DC voltage (Udc*) exceeding the withstand voltage or dialectric strength (Umodmax) of the photovoltaic modules (PVM) and suitable for the high-voltage DC transmission are connected in parallel or in series to one another, wherein the power supply system (SYS) comprises a converter substation (UFS) that can be connected to a power supply network (SVN) installed for users, and includes a high-voltage DC transmission power line (HGUE) so as to transmit in the high voltage range the DC voltage (Udc*) generated by the photovoltaic device (PVE) to the converter substation (UFS).
Claims 1. Power supply system (SYS) with a photovoltaic device (PVE) comprising a plurality of DC voltage-generating photovoltaic modules (PVM), characterised in that the photovoltaic modules (PVM) are connected in parallel and/or in series to one another and thus generate a DC voltage (Udc*) that exceeds the withstand voltage (Umodmax) of the photovoltaic modules (PVM) and is suitable for high-voltage DC transmission, and that the power supply system (SYS) comprises at least one converter substation (UFS) that can be connected to a power supply network (SVN) installed for consumers and includes a high-voltage DC transmission power line (HGUE) that transmits in the high voltage range the DC voltage (Udc*) generated by the photovoltaic device (PVE) to the converter substation (UFS). 2. Power supply system (SYS) according to claim 1, characterised in that in each case a first number (N) of photovoltaic modules (PVM) are connected to a module block (PVB), which is insulated against earth potential (EP) by insulating elements (IS), and that in each case a second number (M) of the module blocks (PVB) form a module string (PVS) that delivers at least a partial voltage (Udc') of the generated DC voltage (Udc*). 3. Power supply system (SYS) according to claim 2, characterised in that in each case at least two of the module strings (PVS) are connected in series and a plurality of the series-connected module strings (PVS) are connected in parallel, in order to generate the DC voltage (Udc*) suitable for the high-voltage DC transmission. 4. Power supply system (SYS) according to claim 3, characterised in that the connection of the module strings (PVS) comprises a first bus bar (S+) and a second bus bar (S-), so that the DC voltage (Udc*) suitable for the high-voltage DC transmission can be tapped via the bus bars (S+; S-). 5. Power supply system (SYS) according to claim 4, characterised in that the photovoltaic device (PVE) comprises one or more short-circuit switches (KS) for short-circuiting the bus bars (S+, S-). 6. Power supply system (SYS) according to claim 1, characterised in that the photovoltaic device (PVE) or the power supply system (SYS) comprises one or more DC circuit breakers (GSLS) for isolating the high-voltage DC transmission power line (HGUE). 7. Power supply system (SYS) according to claim 1, characterised in that the generated DC voltage (Udc*) exceeds by a multiple factor the withstand voltage (Umodmax) of the photovoltaic modules (PVM). 8. Power supply system (SYS) according to claim 7, characterised in that the generated DC voltage (Udc*) is in a high-voltage range from 1 kV to 2 MV. 9. Power supply system (SYS) according to claim 2, characterised in that the photovoltaic modules (PVM) connected in each case to a module block (PVB) are installed in a supported frame construction (RK). 10. Power supply system (SYS) according to claim 9, characterised in that the frame construction (RK) is connected via a potential bonding (MP) to the lowest, a medium or to the highest potential level of the module block (PVB), in such a way that the potential difference (Umod) between the individual modules and the frame construction (RK) does not exceed for any of the photovoltaic modules (PVM) on a module block (PV) their withstand voltage (Umodmax). 11. Power supply system (SYS) according to claim 9, characterised in that the frame construction is formed as a two-dimensional structure, and in particular is formed as a conducting grid. 12. Power supply system (SYS) according to claim 1, characterised in that the high-voltage DC transmission power line (HGUE) is routed at least single-pole manner by at least one overhead line and/or at least one cable. 13. Power supply system (SYS) according to claim 1, characterised in that the converter substation (UFS) comprises a power inverter (WR) for converting the generated and transmitted DC voltage (Udc*) to an AC voltage (Uac). 14. Power supply system (SYS) according to claim 13, characterised in that the converter substation (UFS) or the power inverter (WR) comprises a control circuit that, depending on a varying electrical output generated by the photovoltaic device (PVE), matches an adjustment of the operating point of the power inverter (WR) to a maximum withdrawal of power. 15. Photovoltaic device (PVE) comprising a plurality of DC voltage-generating photovoltaic modules (PVM), characterised in that the photovoltaic modules (PVM) are connected in parallel and/or in series to one another and thus generate a DC voltage (Udc*) that exceeds the withstand voltage (Umodmax) of the photovoltaic modules (PVM) and is suitable for the high-voltage DC transmission. 16. Photovoltaic device (PVE) according to claim 15, characterised in that in each case a first number (N) of the photovoltaic modules (PVM) are connected to a module block (PVB) that is insulated against earth potential (EP) by insulating elements (IS), and that in each case a second number (M) of the module blocks (PVB) form a module string (PVS) that delivers at least a partial voltage (Udc') of the generated DC voltage (Udc*). 17. Photovoltaic device (PVE) according to claim 16, characterised in that in each case at least two of the module strings (PVS) are connected in series and a plurality of the series-connected module strings (PVS) are connected in parallel so as to generate the DC voltage (Udc*) suitable for the high-voltage DC transmission. 18. Photovoltaic device (PVE) according to claim 17, characterised in that the connection of the module strings (PVS) comprises a first bus bar (S+) and a second bus bar (S-), so that the DC voltage (Udc*) suitable for the high-voltage DC transmission can be tapped via the bus bars (S+; S-). 19. Photovoltaic device (PVE) according to claim 18, characterised in that the photovoltaic device (PVE) comprises one or more short-circuit switches (KS) for short-circuiting the bus bars (S+, S-). 20. Photovoltaic device (PVE) according to claim 15, characterised in that the photovoltaic device (PVE) comprises one or more DC circuit breakers (GSLS) for isolating the high-voltage DC transmission power line (HGUE). 21. Photovoltaic device (PVE) according to claim 15, characterised in that the generated DC voltage (Udc*) exceeds by a multiple factor the withstand voltage (Umodmax) of the photovoltaic modules (PVM). 22. Photovoltaic device (PVE) according to claim 21, characterised in that the generated DC voltage (Udc*) is in a high-voltage range from 1 kV to 2 MV. 23. Photovoltaic device (PVE) according to claim 16, characterised in that the photovoltaic modules (PVM) connected in each case to a module block (PVB) are installed in a supported frame construction (RK). 24. Photovoltaic device (PVE) according to claim 23, characterised in that the frame construction (RK) is connected by a potential bonding (MP) to the lowest, a medium or to the highest potential level of the module block (PVB), in such a way that the potential difference (Umod) between the individual modules and the frame construction (RK) does not exceed for any of the photovoltaic modules (PVM) on a module block (PVB) their withstand voltage (Umodmax). 25. Photovoltaic device (PVE) according to claim 23, characterised in that the frame construction is formed as a two-dimensional structure, and in particular is formed as a conducting grid. 