A reliable photovoltaic (PV) power system is provided, including a plurality of smart virtual low voltage PV modules arranged in a plurality of columns and a plurality of rows. The smart virtual low voltage PV modules on the same column are connected in series. The smart virtual low voltage PV modules on the same row are connected in parallel. Each of the smart virtual low voltage PV modules comprises: one or more photovoltaic cells, configured to convert solar energy into DC power. The system further includes a DC/DC converting unit, coupled to the PV module, configured to communicate with a control center to acquire from the control center a determined level value, thereby converting the DC power received from the PV module into a demanded output voltage having the determined level value.
Claims 1. A reliable photovoltaic (PV) power system, comprising: a plurality of smart virtual low voltage PV modules arranged in a plurality of columns and a plurality of rows, wherein the smart virtual low voltage PV modules on the same column are connected in series, the smart virtual low voltage PV modules on the same row are connected in parallel, and each of the smart virtual low voltage PV modules comprises: one or more photovoltaic cells, configured to convert solar energy into DC power; and a DC/DC converting unit, coupled to the PV module, configured to communicate with a control center to acquire from the control center a determined level value, thereby converting the DC power received from the PV module into a demanded output voltage having the determined level value. 2. The reliable PV power system of claim 1, further comprising an inverter coupled to the smart virtual low voltage PV modules, configured to convert a system output voltage received from the smart virtual low voltage PV modules into an AC voltage. 3. The reliable PV power system of claim 1, wherein each of the smart virtual low voltage PV modules is configured to provide the control center with its own instantaneous maximum power information. 4. The reliable PV power system of claim 1, wherein no matter whether all of the smart virtual low voltage PV modules are normally operating or not, the control center determines the level value of the respective demanded output voltage for each of the smart virtual low voltage PV modules that are normally-operating. 5. The reliable PV power system of claim 4, wherein the control center performs the determination based on a condition that each normally-operating smart virtual low voltage PV module operates with an instantaneous maximum power production. 6. The reliable PV power system of claim 4, wherein the control center performs the determination based on a condition that a system output voltage provided by the smart virtual low voltage PV modules is equal to an optimal input voltage of an inverter. 7. The reliable PV power system of claim 4, wherein the control center performs the determination by executing the following steps: (i) calculating a total maximum power value of the smart virtual low voltage PV modules based on the respective maximum power values of the smart virtual low voltage PV modules that are normally operating, (ii) calculating a string current of the smart virtual low voltage PV modules based on a system output voltage and the calculated total maximum power value, and (iii) calculating the level value of the demanded output voltage for each of the smart virtual low voltage PV modules on each row based on the calculated string current and the respective maximum power values of the smart virtual low voltage PV modules that are normally operating. 8. The reliable PV power system of claim 7, wherein the control center performs the calculation of step (iii) comprises: calculating the level value of the demanded output voltage for each of the smart virtual low voltage PV modules on the same row based on the calculated string current and a sum of the maximum power values of the normally-operating smart virtual low voltage PV modules on the same row. 9. The reliable PV power system of claim 1, wherein the respective DC/DC converting unit in each of the smart virtual low voltage PV modules comprises: a maximum power point tracker, configured to track a maximum power operation point for the DC power received from the PV module; a DC/DC step down converter, configured to convert a DC input voltage generated from the maximum power point tracker into the demanded output voltage; and a controller, coupled between the DC/DC step down converter, configured to communicate with the control center to determine a voltage conversion ratio for the DC/DC step down converter in accordance with the control of the control center. 