A point focus thin film Fresnel lens (15; 25) has an inner, substantially flat region (8; 22), and an outer region (9; 23), the outer region projecting outwardly from the inner region and at a substantial angle away from the plane of the inner region. In one embodiment the lens is in the form of a truncated cone (15) with a circular inner region as its apex, hi another embodiment the lens is in the form of a dome (25) and the outer region is formed by joining together segments (23) extending radially from a circular central region (22).
Claims 1-35. (canceled) 36. A point focus thin film Fresnel lens comprising a substantially flat inner region including a surface arranged along a first plane and including at least one lens facet, and an outer region including at least one lens facet, the outer region projecting outwardly from the inner region and at a nonzero angle away from the first plane. 37. A lens as claimed in claim 36, wherein the inner region is circular. 38. A lens as claimed in claim 37, wherein the outer region extends completely around the inner region. 39. A lens as claimed in claim 36, wherein the outer region projects in a linear fashion away from the inner region. 40. A lens as claimed in claim 39, wherein the outer region projects at a substantially constant angle away from the inner region. 41. A lens as claimed in claim 40, wherein the outer region projects away from the inner region at a surface inclination angle in a range of from about 20.degree. to about 35.degree.. 42. A lens as claimed in claim 41, wherein the surface inclination angle is in a range of from about 22.degree. to about 30.degree.. 43. A lens as claimed in claim 39, in the form of a truncated cone. 44. A lens as claimed in claim 36, in the form of a truncated cone in which the inner region is circular and forms an apex of the truncated cone, and the outer region extends around an entire circumference of the inner region to form a wall of the truncated cone and is joined to the inner region. 45. A lens as claimed in claim 43, wherein the lens has a substantially square outline in plan view. 46. A lens as claimed in claim 36, wherein the outer region projects in a curved fashion away from the inner region. 47. A lens as claimed in claim 36, wherein the inner region is circular and the outer region extends around an entire circumference of the inner region to form a curved outer wall and is formed by a plurality of radially extending segments which extend from the inner region and are joined together along their edges whereby the outer region projects in a curved fashion away from the inner region. 48. A lens as claimed in claim 36, wherein the inner region has a radial extent of no more than about 45% of a total radius of the lens. 49. A lens as claimed in claim 48, wherein the inner region has a radial extent of from about 20% to about 45% of a total radius of the lens. 50. A lens as claimed in claim 49, wherein the inner region has a radial extent of from about 25% to about 35% of the total radius of the lens. 51. A lens as claimed in claim 36, wherein a ratio of focal length of the lens to radius of the lens is between about 1.5 and about 3. 52. A lens as claimed in claim 36 wherein the lens has a focus in a second plane beneath and substantially parallel to the first plane. 53. An assembly comprising a lens as claimed in claim 52, further comprising a solar cell or thermal receiver arranged in the second plane at the focus of the lens. 54. An assembly comprising a lens as claimed in claim 36, wherein the lens has a convex face and further comprises a transparent protective layer over the convex face. 55. An assembly as claimed in claim 54 wherein the protective layer is thicker than the thin film Fresnel lens. 56. An assembly as claimed in claim 54 wherein the protective layer has a thickness of from 1 mm to 3 mm. 57. An assembly as claimed in claim 54 wherein the protective layer has a shape that conforms to the convex face of the lens. 58. An assembly as claimed in claim 54 wherein the protective layer comprises a continuous transparent plastic sheet. 59. An assembly as claimed in claim 58 wherein the sheet comprises PMMA. 60. An assembly as claimed in claim 58 wherein the sheet is thermoformed or injection molded. 61. A method of manufacturing a lens as claimed in claim 43, wherein a portion of thin Fresnel lens film is provided with an annular cut to define a circular inner region separated from an outer region, an inwardly tapering cut is provided from the periphery of the outer region to the annular cut, the sides of the inwardly tapering cut are joined to together to form the wall of a truncated cone, and the outer region is joined to the inner region whereby the inner region forms the apex of the truncated cone. 62. A method of manufacturing a lens as claimed in claim 46, wherein a circular portion of thin Fresnel lens film is provided with a plurality of circumferentially spaced cut outs extending from the periphery of a circular inner region to the periphery of the film portion, the cut outs tapering inwardly from the periphery of the film portion to the periphery of the central region and defining radially extending film segments, and adjacent segments are joined together along their edges so that the segments define an outer region which extends around the entire inner region and which projects in a curved fashion away from the plane of the inner region. 63. A method of making a lens as claimed in claim 36, wherein a portion of thin Fresnel lens film has a polygonal shape, and corners portions are bent away from the plane of the polygon to provided outer regions which extend at an angle away from the plane of an inner region defined by the remainder of the film portion. 64. A method of manufacturing an assembly as claimed in claim 54 comprising mounting the convex face of the lens to a transparent sheet. 65. A method as claimed in claim 64 wherein the lens is mounted to a shaped plastic sheet having a shape that conforms to the convex face of the lens. 66. A method as claimed in claim 55 wherein the plastic sheet is shaped using at least one of thermoforming and injection molding. 67. A method as claimed in claim 64 comprising laminating the lens to the sheet. 68. An assembly comprising a lens as claimed in claim 36, further comprising a secondary concentrator placed at or near a focus of the lens. 69. A solar thermal energy system comprising a lens as claimed in claim 36, and a thermal receiver placed at or near a focus of the lens. 70. A solar thermal energy system as claimed in claim 69 wherein the thermal receiver comprises at least one of a working fluid and a solid plate. 71. An assembly as claimed in claim 53, wherein the lens has a convex face and further comprises a transparent protective layer over the convex face of the lens 72. A lens as claimed in claim 36, wherein at least one of the inner region and the outer region comprises a plurality of lens facets. 