Device, system and method for monitoring lines of grounding electrodes, this invention deals with a system and a device for monitoring lines of grounding electrodes in transmission systems of electric power in direct current.
Claims 1. Device for monitoring lines of grounding electrodes, comprising a base (2), means of detection (3), solar panel (4), a detection line (5) connected to the line of grounding, wherein the device (1) is integrated in a monitoring system of failures in lines of grounding through a fiber optic cable (6). 2. Device, according to claim 1, wherein the base (2) comprises a piece of insulating material. 3. Device, according to claim 1, wherein the means of detection (3) comprise a metal box, which includes analyzer means. 4. Device, according to claim 3, wherein the analyzer means comprise a routine for monitoring the line of grounding, collecting information from the line signs, and transmission of information via optical fiber. 5. Device, according to claim 1, wherein the feeding comprises a solar panel (4) and a battery (7) complementary. 6. System for monitoring lines of grounding electrodes, comprising: a first unit of the device positioned in the line of electrode of a first bipole; and a second unit of the device positioned in the line of electrode of the second bipole. 7. System, according to claim 6, wherein the readings from voltage variations between the conductor cables of the line of grounding are received on an optical/serial converter. 8. System, according to claim 7, wherein the serial signal generated is transmitted through serial cable to a remote unit of monitoring. 9. System, according to claim 6, wherein the optical signal received in the remote unit of monitoring is associated to a condition out of normality, compared with threshold levels inserted as reference. 10. System, according to claim 9, wherein the optical signal compared to the threshold levels of reference generates an alarm signal associated to a pre-established measure. 11. Method for monitoring the line of grounding electrode of the bipole of a transmission system of high-voltage direct current (HVDC), wherein the line of electrode has two conductors, comprising: --generation of an electric pulse without application to the ground, but directly in the line conductors, from a conductor to another; --the electric pulse is applied in the line by the device; --reading of the generated pulse applied and the reflected pulse (echoed); --filtering of the average type of the last reading with some previous readings; --checking if the curve is within a pre-determined range (normal operation reference), according to the time axis and showing of the results in the computer screen; --calculation and presentation of the failure distance in the line to the operator and generation of a failure signal to the supervisory system, if the curve exceeds the reference settled. 12. Method, according to claim 11, comprising an average of the curves values. 13. Method, according to claim 11, wherein the amplitudes of the pulses applied and reflected are monitored for the said alarms and the tolerance bands upper and lower to the curve are programmable by user. 14. Method, according to claim 11, wherein a tolerance band is also generated according to parameters of operation of the line of electrode, not being necessary to create other static curves for each condition of operating mode of the HVDC system. 15. Method, according to claim 11, wherein the device is adjusted to the applied pulse, according to the distance of the arm until the installation of said device, which is about 1/4 of the wavelength. 16. Method, according to claim 11, wherein the main device not applied to ground is connected directly to conductor cables of the line of electrode and the pulse generator and the transducer are in the potential of the line. 17. Method, according to claim 11, wherein the main device has a transducer that makes the reading of the differential voltage between the two conductors of line and this kind of wave modulates, in amplitude, the light through a photo-transmitter; said light is sent to a receiving unit via optical fiber. 18. Method, according to claim 11, wherein the device has an optical/serial converter that converts the optical signal to an analog signal through a photo-receptor. 