A portable lighting device having one or more inputs, at least a first and second output, one or more light sources, an input sensor, an output sensor, an adaptive buck converter, a boost mechanism, an internal power source, and a controller. The input sensor is coupled to the one or more inputs and the output sensor is coupled to the first output. The input and output sensors are coupled to the adaptive buck converter and the boost mechanism and also to the controller. The controller is configured to instruct the adaptive buck converter to condition power inputs at the one or more inputs. The controller is configured to instruct the boost mechanism to boost a stored output from the internal power source.
Claims 1. An electrical power source and lighting apparatus having one or more inputs and at least a first and second output, the electrical power source and lighting apparatus comprising: one or more light sources; an input sensor coupled to the one or more inputs and configured to sense the voltage and current of at least a first power input; an adaptive buck converter configured to receive the first power input and condition the first power input to generate a conditioned power output; a controller coupled to the input sensor and the adaptive buck converter and configured to receive sensed voltage and current values from the input sensor and provide instructions to the adaptive buck converter to condition the first power input to within a predetermined acceptable input threshold; an internal power source coupled to the adaptive buck converter and configured to receive and store the conditioned power output from the adaptive buck converter, wherein the internal power source is also configured to generate a stored output; an output sensor coupled to the first output and configured to sense the probable voltage and current requirements of a device coupled to the first output; and a boost output mechanism configured to receive the stored output from the internal power source, the boost output mechanism further configured to boost the stored output consistent with the requirements sensed at the output sensor. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein: the controller is coupled to the output sensor; the controller is configured to regularly monitor the current and voltage requirements as measured by the output sensor at the first output; and the controller is further configured to differentiate short circuits and voltage excursions at the first output. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the controller is configured to instruct the adaptive buck converter to operate to maximize the power of the at least a first power input. 4. The electrical apparatus of claim 1, wherein: the controller comprises a controller module, the controller module comprising: a comparator module; a pulse width modulator module; a boost regulator module; a light source driver module; an external power bus driver module; a buck regulator module; and an intelligent indicator driver. 5. The electrical apparatus of claim 1, wherein the predetermined acceptable input threshold range is approximately zero volts to approximately twenty volts. 6. The electrical apparatus of claim 1 further comprising: the second output of the electrical power source and lighting apparatus configured to output a substantially constant voltage; and the second output coupled to an output sensor, wherein the output sensor is either the first output sensor or a second output sensor. 7. The electrical apparatus of claim 1, further comprising: a plurality of constant voltage outputs configured to output a constant voltage; a plurality of adaptive voltage outputs configured to output a variable voltage; the plurality of constant voltage outputs, the plurality of adaptive voltage outputs, the output sensor, and the controller being configured to support a plurality of concurrent connections to the plurality of constant and adaptive outputs, wherein the constant voltage outputs require different voltages and/or currents than the adaptive voltage outputs. 8. The electrical apparatus of claim 7, wherein: the voltage at a first constant voltage output is substantially five volts; the voltage at a first adaptive voltage output is substantially 3.6 volts; and the voltage at a second adaptive voltage output is substantially twelve volts. 9. The electrical apparatus of claim 1, further comprising: a housing comprising: a first side comprising at least one of the one or more light sources; a second side at a first angle with the first side; a third side at a second angle with the first side; a fourth side at a third angle with the first side; and a fifth side opposite the first side. 10. The electrical apparatus of claim 1 further comprising: an actuator; two or more light sources; and the actuator is configured to: activate and deactivate a first light source; and activate and deactivate a second light source. 11. The electrical apparatus of claim 10, wherein the first light source is a narrow beam LED and the second light source is a wide beam LED. 12. The electrical apparatus of claim 10, further comprising a plurality of actuators configured such that there is an actuator for each output, and the actuator for each output is configured to activate and deactivate the outputs. 13. The electrical apparatus of claim 1 further comprising an intelligent signal indicator configured to indicate the status of the internal power source. 14. A system for providing light, the system comprising: a first electrical device comprising: an internal power source configured to provide a first electrical power with a first voltage; one or more first electrical connectors; an output sensor configured to detect the probable voltage requirements of any devices connected to the one or more first electrical connectors; a voltage boost module configured to boost the first voltage to a second voltage based upon the probable voltage requirements detected by the output sensor; and one or more first light sources; a second electrical device comprising one or more second tight sources and one or more second electrical connectors configured to electrically couple to at least one of the one or more first electrical connectors; and a third electrical device comprising one or more third light sources and one or more third electrical connectors configured to electrically couple to at least one of the one or more second electrical connectors. 15. The system of claim 14, wherein: the first electrical device further comprises a charging output; further wherein a fourth electrical device is connected to the first electrical devices charging output; and wherein the operational voltage of the fourth electrical device is substantially five volts and the operational voltage of the second and third electrical devices is substantially 3.6 volts. 16. The system of claim 15, wherein the second electrical device is a light and the fourth device is a mobile phone. 17. The system of claim 14 further comprising: an external power source; the first electrical device being configured to receive power from the external power source, and being further configured to perform intelligent buck conversion on the received power to a range acceptable to the internal power source. 18. The system of claim 17 wherein the external power source comprises a solar panel. 19. A method of powering electrical devices, the method comprising: coupling a first electrical device to a first output of an electrical power source and lighting apparatus, the electrical power source and lighting apparatus comprising one or more light sources; sensing the probable voltage and current requirements of the first electrical device with an output sensor coupled to the first output; boosting an output power from an internal power source located in the electrical power source and lighting apparatus, wherein the boosting is controlled by a controller coupled to the output sensor such that the output power is consistent with the sensed voltage and current requirements; coupling an external power source to a first input of the electrical power source and lighting apparatus; sensing the voltage and current of the external power source with an input sensor located in the electrical power source and lighting apparatus; conditioning a power input from the external power source with an adaptive buck converter to within a predetermined acceptable input threshold; generating a conditioned power output with the adaptive buck converter; and storing the conditioned power output in the internal power source. 20. The method of claim 19 further comprising: coupling a second electrical device to a second output configured to output a substantially constant voltage; coupling a third electrical device to the first electrical device; sensing a change in the probable voltage and/or current requirements at the first output; and boosting the output power to meet the changed probable voltage and/or current requirements. 21. The method of claim 19 further comprising: activating a first light source with an actuator arranged on the electrical power source and lighting apparatus, the first light source being a narrow beam LED; and activating a second light source with the actuator, the second light source being a wide beam LED. 