The invention relates to a photovoltaic plant having a plurality of inverters (1) connected to each other by way of a network (12), wherein the inverters (1) comprise a control apparatus (7) having at least one microprocessor (8) and at least one storage, an interface for communicating with the remaining inverters (1), a DC/AC module (3) for converting a direct current supplied from an external energy source into an alternating current, and an input/output unit (9), and to such an inverter (1) and a USB mass storage device (11), as well as to a method for carrying out software updates. According to the invention, a USB interface (10) is arranged on at least one inverter (1) for connecting a USB mass storage device (11), in particular a USB stick, so as to carry out automatic updates in a software running in the microprocessor (8) and/or configuration block updates and/or so as to record logging data of the inverters.
Claims 1-13. (canceled) 14. A photovoltaic plant having a plurality of inverters (1) connected to each other by means of a network (12), wherein the inverters (1) comprise a control apparatus (7) having at least one microprocessor (8) and at least one storage, an interface for communicating with the remaining inverters (1), a DC/AC module (3) for converting a direct current supplied from an external energy source into an alternating current, and an input/output unit (9), wherein a USB interface (10) is arranged on at least one inverter (1) for connecting a USB mass storage device (11), in particular a USB stick, so as to carry out automatic updates in a software running in the microprocessor (8) and/or configuration block updates and/or so as to record logging data of the inverters (1), wherein the inverter (1) connected with the USB mass storage device (11) is designed for automatically assuming the function of a master in the network (12), so that the data available in the USB mass storage device (11) are adapted to be distributed also to all remaining inverters (1) in the network (12) and the software and configuration blocks thereof are adapted to be updated in the same manner. 15. The photovoltaic plant according to claim 14, wherein means are provided for encrypting the data transmitted between the USB mass storage device (11) and the inverter (1). 16. An inverter (1) for a photovoltaic plant according to claim 14, comprising a control apparatus (7) having at least one microprocessor (8) and at least one storage, an interface for communicating with the remaining inverters (1), a DC/AC module (3) for converting a direct current supplied from an external energy source into an alternating current, and an input/output unit (9), wherein a USB interface (10) is provided for connecting a USB mass storage device (11), in particular a USB stick, so as to carry out automatic updates in a software running in the microprocessor (8) and/or configuration block updates and/or so as to record logging data of the inverter (1), wherein with the connection of an USB mass storage device (11) to the USB interface the inverter (1) is designed for automatically assuming the function of a master in the network (12), so that the data available in the USB mass storage device (11) are adapted to be distributed also to all remaining inverters (1) in the network (12) and the software and configuration blocks thereof are adapted to be updated in the same manner. 17. A method for performing software updates on one of a plurality of inverters of a photovoltaic plant according to claim 14 which are connected to each other by means of a network (12), wherein at least one inverter (1) with a USB interface (10) is connected with a USB mass storage device (11) so as to carry out automatic updates in a software running in a microprocessor (8) of the inverter (1) and/or configuration block updates and/or so as to record logging data of the inverter (1), wherein the inverter (1) connected with the USB mass storage device (11) automatically assumes the function of a master in the network (12) and the data available in the USB mass storage device (11) are distributed also to all remaining inverters (1) in the network (12) and the software and configuration blocks thereof are updated in the same manner. 18. The method according to claim 17, wherein the data transmitted between the USB mass storage device (12) and the inverter (1) are encrypted so as to protect them from manipulation. 19. The method according to claim 17, wherein the data suitable for the respective inverter (1) are automatically selected from the data stored in the USB mass storage device (11). 