The invention provides control methods and systems for harvesting energy from a variable-output power apparatus. One or more variable-output power elements configured for producing energy are used as input to a power regulation circuit operably coupled between the power elements and a load. One or more power signals in the circuit are monitored and the power regulation circuit output is dynamically adjusted based on the one or more monitored power signals. According to aspects of the invention, the output duty cycle or frequency may be adjusted in response to monitored parameters.
Claims 1. A method for harvesting energy from a variable-output power apparatus comprising: providing a circuit having one or more variable-output power elements for producing energy input, the circuit having a power regulation circuit operably coupled between the power elements and a load; monitoring one or more power signals in the circuit; and dynamically adjusting the power regulation circuit output based on the one or more monitored power signals. 2. A method for harvesting energy according to claim 1 wherein the step of adjusting the power regulation circuit output further comprises adjusting the output duty cycle. 3. A method for harvesting energy according to claim 1 wherein the step of adjusting the power regulation circuit output further comprises adjusting the output frequency. 4. A method for harvesting energy according to claim 1 wherein the step of monitoring one or more power signals in the circuit further comprises sensing a power signal at the load. 5. A method for harvesting energy according to claim 1 wherein the step of monitoring one or more power signals in the circuit further comprises sensing a power signal at the input to the power regulation circuit. 6. A method for harvesting energy according to claim 1 wherein the step of monitoring one or more power signals in the circuit further comprises sensing a power signal at the output from the power regulation circuit. 7. A system for harvesting energy comprising: a circuit having one or more variable-output power sources for providing energy input and a power regulation circuit operably coupled to the variable-output power sources and a load; at least one monitor for monitoring one or more power signals in the circuit; and a control module for dynamically adjusting the power regulation circuit output based on the one or more monitored signals. 8. A system for harvesting energy according to claim 7 wherein the power regulation circuit further comprises a switched mode power supply. 9. A system for harvesting energy according to claim 7 wherein a variable-output power source further comprises a photovoltaic device. 10. A system for harvesting energy according to claim 7 wherein a variable-output power source further comprises an electromechanical generator device. 11. A system for harvesting energy according to claim 7 wherein a variable-output power source further comprises a piezoelectric device. 12. A system for harvesting energy according to claim 7 wherein a monitor further comprises a current sensor. 13. A system for harvesting energy according to claim 7 wherein a monitor further comprises a voltage sensor. 14. A system for harvesting energy according to claim 7 wherein the circuit further comprises a battery in parallel with the load. 15. A system for harvesting energy according to claim 7 wherein the circuit further comprises imaging apparatus. 16. A system for harvesting energy according to claim 7 wherein the circuit further comprises display apparatus. 17. A system for harvesting energy according to claim 7 wherein the circuit further comprises communication apparatus. 18. A system for harvesting energy according to claim 7 wherein the circuit further comprises audio apparatus. 19. A system for harvesting energy according to claim 7 wherein the circuit further comprises computing apparatus. 20. A system for harvesting energy according to claim 7 wherein the circuit further comprises sensor apparatus. 21. A system for harvesting energy according to claim 7 wherein the circuit further comprises transportation apparatus. 22. A circuit for controlling energy harvesting comprising: one or more variable-output power sources configured for providing energy input to a power regulation circuit operably coupled to the variable-output power sources and a load; at least one monitor for monitoring one or more power signals in the circuit; and a control module for dynamically adjusting circuit output based on the one or more monitored signals, whereby the circuit is configured for harvesting optimal energy input provided by the one or more variable-output power sources. 