It is provided a solar energy module for converting solar radiation to thermal energy. The module includes a thermally insulating element transmissive to solar radiation and having low transmissivity to thermal infra-red radiation, an absorbing element, a sealed enclosure, and a variable portion in the envelope of the sealed enclosure. This portion is adapted for varying the volume available to gas enclosed in the enclosure in accordance with changing temperature of the enclosed gas. Also, it is provided a solar energy module which includes a thermally insulating element, an absorbing surface and liquid pipes for absorbing the solar radiation, and an air duct thermally coupled thereof. The heated liquid and the heated air are usable for a variety of thermal applications. A heat storage may be thermally coupled to the absorbing surface and to the liquid pipes. The air duct has several air valves, and is associated with a controller for regulating air flow through the air duct. The controller may regulate heat flow in accordance with an optimization program, receiving inputs from several sources, like a sensor monitoring a building, a sensor monitoring the solar energy module, and an environment sensor.
Claims 1-15. (canceled) 16. A solar energy module for converting solar radiation to thermal energy, the module comprising: (a) a thermally insulating element transmissive to solar radiation; (b) a sealed enclosure having a volume available to an enclosed gas inside said sealed enclosure; (c) an absorbing element configured to absorb the solar radiation transmitted via said thermally insulating element, said absorbing element inside said sealed enclosure, said absorbing element in thermal contact with said enclosed gas; (d) a variable portion adapted for varying said volume available to said enclosed gas inside said sealed enclosure, the volume varying in accordance with changing temperature of said enclosed gas, thereby the solar radiation penetrates said thermally insulating element and is absorbed by said absorbing element, said enclosed gas is heated and said variable portion varies to increase said volume available to said enclosed gas inside said sealed enclosure, thus keeping pressure of said enclosed gas within structurally tolerable limits of the solar energy module. 17. The solar energy module of claim 16 wherein pressure in said sealed enclosure is kept in substantial equilibrium with external environment pressure. 18. The solar energy module of claim 16 wherein said variable portion is a stretchable sealing element connecting said thermally insulating element and said absorbing element, wherein stretching of said stretchable sealing element increases said volume available to said enclosed gas. 19. The solar energy module of claim 16 wherein said variable portion includes: (i) a fixed volume element inside said sealed enclosure; (ii) an expandable compartment; (iii) a connecting duct configured to allow flow of said enclosed gas between said fixed volume and said expandable compartment, wherein upon heating of said enclosed gas in said fixed volume element, gas flows from said fixed volume element to said expandable compartment, thereby keeping pressure of said enclosed gas within structurally tolerable limits of the solar energy module. 20. The solar energy module of claim 19 wherein said expandable compartment is outside said sealed enclosure. 21. The solar energy module of claim 19 wherein said an expandable compartment is inside said sealed enclosure. 22. The solar energy module of claim 16 wherein said variable portion includes: (i) a flexible compartment inside said sealed enclosure; and (ii) a venting outlet configured to emit gas from said flexible compartment; wherein upon warming of said enclosed gas, pressure of said enclosed gas increases and induces reduction of volume enclosed by said flexible compartment while forcing gas emission out of said flexible compartment via said venting outlet, thereby increasing said volume available for said enclosed gas and keeping pressure of said enclosed gas within structurally tolerable limits of the solar energy module. 23. The solar energy module of claim 16 wherein said thermally insulating element includes at least one structural component having high transmissivity to solar radiation, the component selected from the group consisting of: (i) an insulation comprising a plurality of transparent enclosures; (ii) a layer of insulative beads disposed within an enclosure; and (iii) an array of elongated cells. 24. The solar energy module of claim 16 including at least one heat pipe, wherein a vaporization volume of said heat pipe is inside said sealed enclosure and is thermally coupled to said absorbing element and wherein a condensation bulb of said heat pipe is external to the solar energy module. 25. The solar energy module of claim 16 wherein said thermally insulating element includes elongated cells and a flexible transparent layer is disposed over the cells wherein a pressure difference between the two sides of said flexible transparent layer stretches the layer locally and reduces the pressure difference. 26. The solar energy module of claim 16 wherein said thermally insulating element has low transmissivity to thermal infra-red radiation. 27. The solar energy module of claim 16 wherein said absorbing element has low emissivity to thermal infra-red radiation. 28. A solar energy module for converting solar radiation to thermal energy, the module comprising: (a) a thermally insulating element transmissive to solar radiation includes at least one structural component having high transmissivity to solar radiation selected from the group consisting of: (i) an insulation including a plurality of transparent enclosures; (ii) a layer of insulative beads disposed within an enclosure; and (iii) an array of elongated cells; (b) an absorbing surface for absorbing the solar radiation transmitted via said thermally insulating element; (c) at least one liquid pipe absorbing the solar radiation transmitted via said thermally insulating element, the solar radiation absorbing occurring by at least one of being thermally coupled to said absorbing surface and being exposed to the solar radiation; and (d) an air duct thermally coupled to at least one of said absorbing surface and said at least one liquid pipe, wherein solar radiation penetrates said thermally insulating element and is absorbed by said absorbing surface, which in turn heats liquid within said at least one liquid pipe, and heats air flowing in said air duct, each of the heated liquid and the heated air being usable for one or more thermal applications. 29. The solar energy module of claim 28 wherein a heat storage is thermally coupled to at least one of said absorbing surface and said at least one liquid pipe. 30. The solar energy module of claim 28 wherein heat produced by the solar energy module is thermally coupled to a side of a wall adjacent to the solar energy module, thereby warming up the side of the wall adjacent to the solar energy module, which in turn transfers heat through the wall to a side of the wall opposite the side of the wall adjacent to the solar energy module the other side of the wall. 31. The solar energy module of claim 28 wherein said air duct has two or more air valves. 32. The solar energy module of claim 28 wherein the solar energy module is associated with a controller for regulating air flow through said air duct. 33. The solar energy module of claim 32 wherein said controller is configured to regulate heat flow and air flow from the solar energy module in accordance with an optimization program, said optimization program receiving inputs from a plurality of sources including at least one source of the group of sources consisting of: a sensor monitoring a parameter of a building; a sensor monitoring a parameter of said solar energy module; an environment sensor; and a human input. 34. The solar energy module of claim 28 wherein said thermally insulating element has low transmissivity to thermal infra-red radiation. 35. The solar energy module of claim 28 wherein said absorbing element has low emissivity to thermal infra-red radiation. 36. A method for providing heat to a building using hot air and hot water from one or more solar energy modules providing heat to one or more heating means, the heating means including at least one of air duct and heat reservoir, the flow of heat from the heating means being regulated by one or more control means, the method comprising: (a) monitoring temperature in one or more locations within the building; (b) monitoring temperature of one or more heating means; (c) designing heating plan in accordance with monitored temperatures at said one or more locations and at said one or more heating means and in accordance with one or more heat optimization targets; and (d) commanding said one or more control means for application of said heating plan. 37. A solar energy module for converting solar radiation to thermal energy, the solar energy module comprising: (a) an absorbing surface for absorbing the solar radiation; (b) a heating air duct thermally coupled to said absorbing surface; (c) a set of air valves operational to control heated air flow in and between said heating air duct, outer world, and an internal side of a building. 38. The solar energy module of claim 37 wherein said set of air valves is configured to allow air from the outer world to flow through said heating air duct and exit to the outer world, thereby cooling said absorbing surface. 39. The solar energy module of claim 37 wherein said set of air valves is configured to allow air from heating air duct to enter rooms inside the building and be replaced by air from rooms inside the building, thereby heating the rooms inside the building. 40. The solar energy module of claim 37 wherein said set of air valves is configured to allow air from the outer world to flow through said heating air duct and enter rooms inside the building and then exit to the outer world, thereby heating the rooms inside the building with fresh air. 41. The solar energy module of claim 37 wherein said set of air valves is configured to allow air from the rooms inside the building to exit to the outer world, thereby extracting air from the rooms. 42. The solar energy module of claim 37 including: (d) a heat transfer duct thermally coupled to a wall adjacent to said heat transfer duet, wherein said set of air valves is configured to allow air to circulate between said heating air duct and said heat transfer duct, thereby transferring thermal energy from said absorbing surface to said wall, thereby said wall serves as a thermal heat storage. 43. The solar energy module of claim 37 including a thermally insulating element transmissive to solar radiation, having low transmissivity to thermal infra-red radiation, and configured to transmit solar radiation to said absorbing surface. 44. The solar energy module of claim 37 wherein said absorbing element has low emissivity to thermal infra-red radiation. 45. A solar energy module for converting solar radiation to thermal energy, the solar energy module comprising: (a) an absorbing surface for absorbing the solar radiation; (b) a heat storage inside the solar energy module and thermally coupled to said absorbing surface; wherein heat from the solar radiation absorbed by said absorbing surface is transferred to said heat storage via thermal conduction. 46. The solar energy module of claim 45 wherein heat from said heat storage is transferred from said heat storage to end user applications. 47. A solar energy module for converting solar radiation to thermal energy, the solar energy module comprising: (a) a thermally insulating element transmissive to solar radiation; (b) an absorbing element configured to absorb the solar radiation transmitted via said thermally insulating element; and (c) a heat pipe including: (i) a vaporization volume inside the solar energy module, thermally coupled to said absorbing element; and (ii) a condensation bulb external to the solar energy module. wherein heat is transferred by said heat pipe from said vaporization volume to said condensation bulb, thereby releasing heat from the inside of the solar energy module to the exterior of the enclosure. 48. The solar energy module of claim 47 wherein said thermally insulating element and said absorbing element are deployed inside a sealed enclosure. 49. The solar energy module of claim 47 wherein said thermally insulating element has low transmissivity to thermal infra-red radiation. 50. The solar energy module of claim 47 wherein said absorbing element has low emissivity to thermal infra-red radiation. 