The present invention relates to a system and method for dynamically controlling odor emission. The system comprises an odor measurement tool, a weather condition measurement tool, a processing module and a controller. The odor measurement tool is adapted to measure an odor level. The weather condition measurement tool is adapted to measure at least one weather condition. The processing module is adapted to calculate an odor emission threshold based on the measured odor level, the at least one weather condition, an atmospheric dispersion model and a predetermined remote odor level threshold. The controller is adapted to control the odor emission below the odor emission threshold.
Claims 1. A system for dynamically controlling odor emission, the system comprising: an odor measurement tool for measuring an odor level; a weather condition measurement tool for measuring at least one weather condition; a processing module for determining based on the measured odor level, the measured at least one weather condition, an atmospheric dispersion model and a predetermined remote odor level threshold, an odor emission threshold; and a controller for controlling the odor emission below the odor emission threshold. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the odor measurement tool is an electronic nose. 3. The system of claim 2 wherein the at least one weather condition includes at least one of the following: wind velocity, wind direction, wind fluctuation, humidity level, barometric pressure, solar radiation, ambient temperature and an atmospheric stability classification. 4. The system of claim 2 wherein the odor emission threshold is further based on at least one odor emission parameter. 5. The system of claim 4 wherein the at least one odor emission parameter includes at least one of the following: an emission source type, an emission site height, an emission site diameter, gas speed, gas temperature and a volume flow. 6. The system of claim 2 wherein the weather condition measurement tool is remotely located. 7. The system of claim 2, wherein the weather condition measurement tool is co-located with the controller. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein the odor measurement tool and the weather condition measurement tool are co-located. 9. A method for dynamically controlling odor emission comprising: collecting remote odor level threshold for at least one remote site; measuring at least one weather condition; measuring an odor level; calculating based on the measured odor level, measured at least one weather condition, remote odor level threshold, and an atmospheric dispersion model, an odor emission threshold; and controlling the odor emission below the odor emission threshold. 10. The method of claim 9 further comprising categorizing the at least one weather condition into a weather condition type. 11. The method of claim 10 wherein the odor emission threshold is based on the measured odor level, the weather condition type, an atmospheric dispersion model and a predetermined remote odor level threshold. 12. The method of claim 9 wherein the at least one weather condition includes at least one of the following: wind velocity, wind direction, humidity level, barometric pressure, ambient temperature and atmospheric stability classification. 13. The system of claim 11 wherein the odor emission threshold is further based on at least one odor emission parameter. 14. The system of claim 13 wherein the at least one odor emission parameter includes at least one of the following: an emission source type, an emission site height, an emission site diameter, gas speed, gas temperature and a volume flow. 15. The method of claim 9 wherein the measuring of at least one weather condition is performed at an odor emission site. 16. The method of claim 9 further comprising monitoring a change of the at least one weather condition, and recalculating the odor emission threshold upon detection of the change of the at least one weather condition. 