An energy storage system that prevents overshoot or undershoot at a node that transfers power when an operational mode of the energy storage system is converted or when a state of a power consuming element is changed, and a method of controlling the energy storage system.
Claims 1. An energy storage system, comprising: a power converter that converts electrical power supplied from a generation module to a first voltage and outputs the first voltage to a first node; a battery that receives electrical power from the generation module or an electric power system to charge the battery and discharges the power to the electric power system or a load; a two-way converter that converts a voltage level of the power stored in the battery to the first voltage and outputs the power converted in the two-way converter, and converts the voltage level of the power input from the first node to output the power to the battery; a two-way inverter that inverts the power output from the electric power system to the first voltage and outputs the first voltage to the first node, and inverts the power input from the first node to output the power to the load or the electric power system; and an integrated controller that controls operations of the power converter, the battery, the two-way converter, and the two-way inverter, wherein when an operational mode of the energy storage system is converted, the integrated controller restricts an output power variation rate of at least one of the power converter, the two-way converter, and the two-way inverter. 2. The energy storage system of claim 1, wherein the integrated controller comprises: a mode controlling unit that controls an operational mode of the energy storage system; and a stable initiation control unit that restricts, when a power supply element to the first node is changed according to a change in the operational mode of the energy storage system, an output power variation rate of a new power supply element to be a restriction value or less. 3. The energy storage system of claim 1, wherein the integrated controller comprises: a power consuming element monitoring unit that senses a change in a power consuming element that receives power through the first node or a change in a state of the power consuming element; and a stable initiation control unit that restricts, when a power supply element is changed or when a change in the state of the power consuming element is sensed, an output power variation rate of a new power supply element to be a restriction value or less. 4. The energy storage system of claim 1, wherein the integrated controller comprises: a first node monitoring unit that senses a voltage of the first node; and a normal state maintaining unit that maintains a power supply of a power supply element of the first node in a normal state when the voltage of the first node reaches a normal state voltage. 5. The energy storage system of claim 1, wherein the integrated controller restricts an output power variation rate of a power supply element of the first node in a time period that is determined in advance. 6. The energy storage system of claim 1, wherein the integrated controller maintains the output power variation rate to be a value that is determined in advance when restricting the output power variation rate. 7. The energy storage system of claim 1, wherein the integrated controller controls the power supply element of the first node so as to reduce the output power variation rate when the output power variation rate rises to or beyond a value determined in advance when restricting the output power variation rate. 8. The energy storage system of claim 1, wherein when the battery is initially applied across the first node as a new power supply source, the integrated controller controls at least one of the battery and the two-way converter so as to restrict a variation rate of an output current that is output from the two-way converter to the first node. 9. The energy storage system of claim 1, wherein when the electric power system is initially applied across the first node as a new power supply source, the integrated controller controls the two-way inverter to restrict a variation rate of an output current that is output to the first node through the two-way inverter from the electric power system. 10. The energy storage system of claim 1, wherein the generation module is a solar battery, and the power converter is a maximum power point track (MPPT) converter, and when the solar battery is initially applied as a new power supply source, the integrated controller controls the MPPT converter to restrict an operational voltage variation rate of the MPPT converter, and when the first node reaches a normal state, the integrated controller controls the MPPT converter to track a maximum power output voltage. 11. The energy storage system of claim 1, wherein the battery is detachably mounted to the energy storage system. 12. A method of controlling an energy storage system, wherein the energy storage system supplies electrical power that is supplied from a generation module to a battery, a load, or an electric power system via a first node, and supplies the power charged to the battery to the load or the electric power system via the first node, and supplies the power supplied from the electric power system to the load or the battery via the first node, the method comprising: controlling an operational mode of the energy storage system; and restricting an output power variation rate of a power supply source of the first node when the operational mode of the energy storage system is changed. 13. The method of claim 12 further comprising; restricting an output power variation rate of a new power supply element to be a restriction value or less when a power supply element to the first node is changed according to a change in the operational mode of the energy storage system. 14. The method of claim 12, further comprising: monitoring a change in a power consuming element that receives power via the first node or a change in a state of the power consuming element; and restricting an output power variation rate of the power supply element of the first node to be the restriction value or less when the power consuming element is changed or when a change in the state of the power consuming element is sensed. 15. The method of claim 12, further comprising; monitoring the first node in which a voltage of the first node is sensed, and in the restricting of the output power variation rate, a power supply of the power supply element of the first node is maintained in a normal state. 16. The method of claim 12, wherein the restricting of the output power variation rate comprises restricting the output power variation rate of the power supply element of the first node in a time period that is determined in advance. 17. The method of claim 12, wherein the restricting of the output power variation rate comprises maintaining the output power variation rate at a value that is determined in advance. 18. The method of claim 12, wherein the restricting of the output power variation rate comprises controlling the output power variation rate to decrease when the output power variation rate rises to or beyond a value that is determined in advance. 19. The method of claim 12, wherein in the restricting of the output power variation rate, when the battery is initially applied as a new power supply source across the first node, one of the battery and the two-way converter that converts a voltage level of a current output from the battery is controlled so as to restrict a variation rate of the output current that is output from the battery to the first node. 20. The method of claim 12, wherein in the restricting of the output power variation rate, when the electric power system is initially applied as a new power supply source, a variation rate of an output current that is output from the electric power system to the first node is controlled to be restricted. 21. The method of claim 12, wherein the generation module is a solar battery, and power output from the solar battery is converted by a maximum power point track (MPPT) converter and is output to the first node, and in the restricting of the output power variation rate, when the solar battery is initially applied as a new power supply source, an operational voltage variation rate of the MPPT converter is restricted, and when the first node reaches a normal state, the MPPT converter is controlled so as to track a maximum power output voltage. 