Methods and apparatuses to increase a speed of airflow through a heat exchanger are described. An optoelectronic device comprising a heat exchanger is coupled to an airflow accelerator. The airflow accelerator comprises a surface to guide the airflow towards the heat exchanger. An optical element is coupled to concentrate light onto the optoelectronic device. The size of the surface, position of the airflow accelerator relative to the heat exchanger, or both can determine increase in speed of the airflow. A photovoltaic ("PV") system comprises rows of receivers; rows of optical elements to concentrate light onto the receivers, and rows of airflow accelerators coupled to the receivers to increase the speed of airflow through heat exchangers. The airflow can be deflected by an airflow accelerator towards a heat exchanger. A wind load can be reduced by the airflow accelerator.
Claims 1. An apparatus to increase a speed of an airflow through a heat exchanger, comprising: an optoelectronic device comprising a heat exchanger; and an airflow accelerator coupled to the optoelectronic device, wherein the airflow accelerator comprises a first surface to guide the airflow towards the heat exchanger. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the airflow accelerator comprises a second surface coupled to the first surface, wherein the second surface is adapted to redirect the airflow that bypasses the optoelectronic device towards the first surface. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein a position of the first surface relative to the optoelectronic device is fixed. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising an optical element to concentrate light onto the optoelectronic device. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the airflow accelerator comprises a metal, a plastic, a glass, or any combination thereof. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the airflow accelerator is mounted to a support that holds the optoelectronic device. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein a size of the first surface, a position of the airflow accelerator relative to the heat exchanger, or both determine an increase of a speed of the airflow. 8. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the airflow accelerator comprises a bent sheet of metal. 9. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein at least a portion of the airflow accelerator extends above the optoelectronic device and is positioned to provide a shade to a back of the optoelectronic device. 10. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein at least a portion of the airflow accelerator extends below the optoelectronic device. 11. A photovoltaic ("PV") system to accelerate an airflow into a heat exchanger, comprising: one or more first rows of receivers; one or more second rows of optical elements to concentrate light onto the receivers, and one or more third rows of airflow accelerators coupled to the one or more first rows of receivers to increase the speed of airflow through the heat exchanger. 12. The PV system of claim 11, wherein the airflow accelerators comprise surfaces extending from the respective receivers to collect the airflow that bypasses the receivers. 13. The PV system of claim 11, wherein the airflow accelerators include an airflow accelerator coupled to a receiver positioned at an edge row. 14. The PV system of claim 11, wherein the airflow accelerators include an airflow accelerator coupled to a receiver positioned at an interior row. 15. The PV system of claim 11, wherein positions of the airflow accelerators relative to the respective receivers are fixed. 16. The PV system of claim 11, wherein the airflow accelerators comprise a metal, a plastic, a glass, or any combination thereof. 17. The PV system of claim 11, wherein the airflow accelerators are mounted to supports that hold the respective receivers. 18. The PV system of claim 11, wherein the airflow accelerators are mounted to supports that hold the respective optical elements. 19. The PV system of claim 11, wherein the flow accelerators comprise bent sheets of metal. 20. A method of manufacturing a photovoltaic ("PV") system, comprising coupling one or more airflow accelerators to receivers having heat exchangers to increase a speed of an airflow into the heat exchangers; and coupling one or more optical elements to the receivers. 21. The method of claim 20, wherein the coupling the one or more airflow accelerators comprises coupling an airflow accelerator to a receiver positioned at an edge row. 22. The method of claim 20, the coupling the one or more airflow accelerators comprises coupling an airflow accelerator to a receiver positioned at an interior row. 23. The method of claim 20, wherein the coupling the one or more airflow accelerators comprises mounting an airflow accelerator to a support that holds a receiver. 24. The method of claim 20, wherein the coupling the one or more airflow accelerators includes fixing positions of the one or more airflow accelerators relative to the respective receivers. 25. The method of claim 20, further comprising deflecting the airflow by the one or more airflow accelerators comprising surfaces extending from the respective receivers. 26. The method of claim 20, further comprising deflecting the airflow by the one or more airflow accelerators having surfaces extending from the respective heat exchangers. 27. The method of claim 20, further comprising reducing one or more wind loads by the one or more airflow accelerators. 