An air heating system is for use with a mechanism for flowing air. The system includes a plenum and a solar absorber. The solar absorber defines a first boundary of the plenum. The solar absorber is permeable to air. The mechanism for flowing air is for pulling air into the plenum through the permeable solar absorber. The plenum has an axial direction, wherein along a cross section of said plenum normal to the axial direction the permeable absorber has an average shape that is substantially convex when the permeable absorber is viewed from outside of the plenum.
Claims 1. An air heating system for use with a mechanism for flowing air, comprising a plenum and a solar absorber, wherein said solar absorber defines a first boundary of said plenum, wherein said solar absorber is permeable to air, wherein the mechanism for flowing air is for pulling air into said plenum through said permeable solar absorber, wherein said plenum has an axial direction, wherein along a cross section of said plenum normal to said axial direction said permeable absorber has an average shape that is substantially convex when said permeable absorber is viewed from outside of said plenum. 2. An air heating system as recited in claim 1, wherein said substantially convex permeable solar absorber has a top end and a bottom end, wherein said substantially convex permeable solar absorber has a width between said top and bottom ends defined when said permeable solar absorber is lying flat, wherein said substantially convex permeable solar absorber has a rigidity sufficient to provide and maintain its substantially convex light absorbing surface shape when supported only along said top and bottom ends wherein said distance between said top and bottom ends is less than said width when lying flat. 3. An air heating system as recited in claim 2, wherein said substantially convex permeable solar absorber includes sheet material having a thickness in the range from 0.25 mm to 1 mm. 4. An air heating system as recited in claim 1, wherein said solar absorber includes corrugation, wherein an average surface of said corrugated solar absorber has a substantially convex shape when said substantially convex permeable solar absorber is viewed from outside of said plenum normal to said axial direction, wherein said average surface of said corrugated solar absorber is a surface drawn to represent an average of said corrugation. 5. An air heating system as recited in claim 1, further comprising a backing wall, wherein said backing wall defines a second boundary of said plenum, wherein said substantially convex permeable solar absorber is mounted to said backing wall. 6. An air heating system as recited in claim 5, wherein said backing wall includes an insulator. 7. An air heating system as recited in claim 6, wherein said backing wall is impermeable to air. 8. An air heating system as recited in claim 7, further comprising a support leg, wherein said backing wall is supported at an angle by said support leg. 9. An air heating system as recited in claim 5, further comprising a structure having a support surface, wherein said support surface has an orientation, wherein said backing wall is mounted to said support surface at said orientation. 10. An air heating system as recited in claim 9, wherein said orientation is horizontal. 11. An air heating system as recited in claim 9, wherein said orientation is tilted. 12. An air heating system as recited in claim 1, further comprising ribs for supporting said substantially convex permeable solar absorber. 13. An air heating system as recited in claim 12, further comprising a backing wall, wherein said backing wall defines a second boundary of said plenum, wherein said substantially convex permeable solar absorber is mounted to said backing wall, wherein said ribs extend to said backing wall. 14. An air heating system as recited in claim 1, further comprising a structure having a support surface, wherein said support surface has an orientation, wherein said substantially convex permeable solar absorber is mounted to said support surface at said orientation, wherein said support surface defines a second boundary of said plenum. 15. An air heating system as recited in claim 14, wherein said orientation is horizontal. 16. An air heating system as recited in claim 12, wherein said orientation is tilted. 17. An air heating system as recited in claim 1, wherein said substantially convex permeable solar absorber includes a dark color. 18. An air heating system as recited in claim 17, wherein said dark color is black. 19. An air heating system as recited in claim 1, wherein said substantially convex permeable solar absorber includes at least one from the group consisting of a perforated metal, a metal mesh, a woven fabric, a non-woven fabric, a perforated film, and a porous film. 20. An air heating system as recited in claim 19, wherein said perforated film includes a polymer material. 21. An air heating system as recited in claim 1, wherein said convex solar absorber includes a substantially vertical region and an inclined region, wherein said vertical region and said inclined region are both permeable to air. 22. An air heating system as recited in claim 21, wherein said inclined region includes a gradually changing incline. 23. An air heating system as recited in claim 1, further comprising said mechanism for flowing air and a facility for using air heated by said solar absorber. 24. A structure as recited in claim 23, wherein said mechanism for flowing air includes an air handler unit and wherein said facility includes a building. 25. A structure as recited in claim 24, wherein said building uses said heated air for space heating. 26. A structure as recited in claim 23, wherein said facility provides a process that uses heated air. 27. A structure as recited in claim 26, wherein said facility provides a process for drying. 28. A structure as recited in claim 27, wherein said drying process includes one from the group comprising crop drying, sludge drying, paint drying, and clothes drying. 29. A method of fabricating an air heating system, comprising in order: a. providing an assembly including a backing wall and a solar absorber, wherein said solar absorber is substantially flat against said backing wall; b. transporting said assembly of said solar absorber flat against said backing wall to a site for installation; and c. at said site for installation mounting said solar absorber to said backing wall with a substantially convex shape to provide a plenum for air flow there between. 30. A method as recited in claim 29, further comprising providing a base, wherein in (a) said backing wall is flat against said base. 31. A method as recited in claim 30, further comprising tilting said backing wall with respect to said base at said site for installation. 32. A method as recited in claim 30, further comprising providing a hinge, wherein said solar absorber has an absorber top end and an absorber bottom end, further comprising hingeably connecting at least one from the group consisting of said absorber top end and said absorber bottom end to said backing wall. 33. A method as recited in claim 32, wherein said permeable solar absorber has a rigidity sufficient to provide and maintain a substantially convex shape when supported only along said absorber top and bottom ends, further comprising providing a force to bend said permeable solar absorber into a substantially convex shape and connecting said absorber bottom end to said backing wall to maintain said substantially convex shape and to provide said plenum. 34. A method as recited in claim 33, wherein said backing wall has a backing wall bottom edge, wherein said connecting involves connecting said absorber bottom end to said backing wall bottom edge. 35. A method as recited in claim 29, wherein said solar absorber has an absorber top end and an absorber bottom end, wherein said substantially convex permeable solar absorber has a width between said top and bottom ends defined when said permeable solar absorber is lying flat, wherein said substantially convex permeable solar absorber has a rigidity sufficient to provide and maintain its substantially convex light absorbing surface shape when supported only along said top and bottom ends wherein said space between said top and bottom ends is less than said width when lying flat. 