A rack assembly is provided for mounting solar modules over an underlying body. The rack assembly may include a plurality of rail structures that are arrangeable over the underlying body to form an overall perimeter for the rack assembly. One or more retention structures may be provided with the plurality of rail structures, where each retention structure is configured to support one or more solar modules at a given height above the underlying body. At least some of the plurality of rail structures are adapted to enable individual rail structures to be sealed over the underlying body so as to constrain air flow underneath the solar modules. Additionally, at least one of (i) one or more of the rail structures, or (ii) the one or more retention structures are adjustable so as to adapt the rack assembly to accommodate solar modules of varying forms or dimensions.
Claims 1. A rack assembly for mounting solar modules over an underlying body, the rack assembly comprising: a plurality of rail structures that are arrangeable over the underlying body to form an overall perimeter for the rack assembly; one or more retention structures provided with the plurality of rail structures, wherein the retention structures are configured to support one or more solar modules at a given height above the underlying body; and wherein at least some of the plurality of rail structures are adapted to enable individual rail structures in the plurality of rail structures to be sealed over the underlying body so as to constrain air flow underneath the one or more solar modules; and wherein at least one of (i) one or more of the rail structures, or (ii) the one or more retention structures are adjustable so as to adapt the rack assembly to accommodate solar modules of varying forms or dimensions. 2. The rack assembly of claim 1, further comprising one or more coupling structures, wherein each of the one or more coupling structures enables at least a portion of one or more of the rail structures to be sealed over the underlying body. 3. The rack assembly of claim 1, further comprising a combination of coupling structures provided on or with an individual rail structure to enable those rail structures to be sealed over the underlying body. 4. The rack assembly of claim 3, wherein the combination of coupling structures includes an underlying flashing component that extends from each of the individual rail structure into or against the underlying body. 5. The rack assembly of claim 4, wherein the combination of coupling structures includes an overlaying flashing component that extends from each of the individual rail structures over the underlying flashing component. 6. The rack assembly of claim 1, further comprising one or more strut runners that extend directly over the underlying body and support the plurality of rail structures. 7. The rack assembly of claim 6, wherein at least one of (i) the one or more rail structures, or (ii) the one or more strut runners are adjustable when mounted onto the underlying body so as to enable the rack assembly to be flexibly fitted onto the underlying body. 8. The rack assembly of claim 1, further comprising a compression mechanism that is manipulated to compress the retention structures in order to cause the retention structures to grip a corresponding solar module and to provide the corresponding module in a fixed position. 9. A rack assembly for mounting solar modules over an underlying body, wherein the rack assembly is installed over an underlying body and comprises: a plurality of rail structures that are arranged to form an overall perimeter for the rack assembly; and one or more retention structures provided with the plurality of rail structures to support one or more solar modules mounted thereon at a given height over the underlying body; and wherein at least some of the plurality of rail structures are sealed over the underlying body so that at least a portion of the overall perimeter is sealed over the underlying body; and a channel that constrains air flow, the channel being formed at least in part by the at least some of the portion of the overall perimeter that is sealed over the underlying body and occupies at least a portion of the given height separating the one or more solar modules from the underlying structure. 10. The rack assembly of claim 9, wherein, the channel is formed at least in part by at least some of the plurality of rail structures that are sealed over the underlying body, and wherein an opening of the channel is oriented to be provided by a remaining portion of the overall perimeter is open to permit the exchange of air with an environment of the rack assembly; and wherein the channel is oriented to have one or more openings to receive airflow entering from at least one or more segments of the remaining portion of the overall perimeter that is open. 11. The rack assembly of claim 9, wherein at least one of (i) one or more of the rail structures, or (ii) the one or more retention structures are adjustable so as to adapt the rack assembly to accommodate solar modules of varying forms or dimensions. 12. The rack assembly of claim 8, further comprising one or more sealing features provided with the plurality of rail structures, wherein the one or more sealing features enable the individual rail structure to be sealed over the underlying body to constrain airflow so as to form at least a portion of the channel. 13. The rack assembly of claim 11, wherein the one or more sealing features for a given rail structure in the plurality of rail structures includes an underlying flashing component that extends into or against the underlying body. 14. The rack assembly of claim 13, wherein the one or more sealing features for the given rail structure in the plurality of rail structures includes an overlaying flashing component that extends over the underlying flashing component. 15. The rack assembly of claim 9, further comprising one or more strut runners that extend directly over the underlying body and support the plurality of rail structures. 16. The rack assembly of claim 15, wherein at least one of (i) the one or more rail structures, or (ii) the one or more strut runners are adjustable when mounted onto the underlying body so as to enable the rack assembly to be flexibly fitted onto the underlying body. 17. The rack assembly of claim 9, wherein the overall perimeter is rectangular, and wherein the portion of the overall perimeter is sealed with the underlying body includes a majority of three lengths of the rectangle, and wherein the remaining portion of the overall perimeter that is open to permit the exchange of air with the environment corresponds to at least a portion of the remaining length of the rectangle. 18. The rack assembly of claim 9, further comprising a compression mechanism that is manipulated to compress the retention structures in order to cause the retention structures to grip a corresponding solar module and to provide the corresponding module in a fixed position. 19. The rack assembly of claim 18, wherein one or more of the plurality of rail structures include an interior surface from which one or more corresponding retention structures are provided, and wherein each of the one or more rail structures is provided a shim plate on an exterior surface that forms the portion of the overall perimeter so as to support that rail structure when compressed by the compression mechanism. 20. A solar energy transfer system provided over an underlying body, the system comprising: a plurality of solar modules that receive solar energy and convert the solar energy into one or more of (i) electricity, or (ii) heat, wherein the plurality of solar modules have a given size that is within a range of possible sizes; a rack assembly that supports the plurality of solar modules a given height over an underlying body, and wherein the rack assembly is sealed across at least a portion of its perimeter to the underlying body to define, at least in part, one or more channels underneath the plurality of solar modules that constrains air flow; and wherein the rack assembly is cooperatively positioned with an air driver to enable the air driver to direct air through the one or more channels so that the air is heated by heat from one or more of the plurality of solar modules. ures that form part of the perimeter of the rack assembly is sealed over the underlying body to define at least a part of one or more of the channels; and one or more end caps that position to seal each of the one or more channels formed in part by the two or more rail structures. 