A system and apparatus for interconnecting an array of power generating assemblies includes a cable assembly having a plurality of continuous conductors and a plurality of cable connectors electrically coupled to the continuous conductors. The continuous conductors are configured to receive inverter AC power generated by inverters and deliver the combined AC power to an AC grid or other power sink. The cable connectors are configured to mate with corresponding connectors of the inventers to deliver the AC power to the continuous conductors.
Claims 1. A system for delivering power to an AC grid, the system comprising: a first inverter having a first inverter connector and being configured to deliver inverter AC power via the first inverter connector; a second inverter having a second inverter connector and being configured to deliver inverter AC power via the second inverter connector; and a cable assembly configured to receive power from the first and second inverters, the cable assembly comprising: a plurality of continuous conductors to receive the inverter AC power delivered by the first and second inverters and deliver the combined power to the AC grid, a first cable connector electrically coupled to the plurality of continuous conductors and configured to mate with the first inverter connector to deliver the inverter AC power from the first inverter to the plurality of continuous conductors, and a second cable connector electrically coupled to the plurality of continuous conductors and configured to mate with the second inverter connector to deliver the inverter AC power from the second inverter to the plurality of continuous conductors. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein each of the first and second inverters comprises an inverter cable for delivering the AC power to the respective first and second inverter connector. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein each inverter cable comprises a plurality of cable conductors for carrying the inverter AC power, the plurality of cable conductors having a current-carrying capacity less than a current-carrying capacity of the continuous conductors. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the cable assembly further comprises a protective circuit element. 5. The system of claim 4, wherein the protective circuit element is adapted to carry inverter AC power between the first cable connector and one of the plurality of continuous conductors. 6. The system of claim 4, wherein the protective circuit element is electrically coupled to a first continuous conductor of the plurality of continuous conductors and a second continuous conductor of the plurality of continuous conductors. 7. The system of claim 4, wherein the protective circuit element is a fuse. 8. The system of claim 4, wherein the protective circuit element is a surge protection device. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein the surge protection device is a metal-oxide varistor. 10. The system of claim 1, further comprising a replaceable series element connected between the first inverter connector and the first cable connector. 11. The system of claim 10, wherein the replaceable series element includes a protective circuit element. 12. The system of claim 10, wherein the replaceable series element is configured to carry inverter AC power between the first inverter connector and the first cable connector. 13. The system of claim 11, wherein the protective circuit element is electrically coupled to a first continuous conductor of the plurality of continuous conductors and a second continuous conductor of the plurality of continuous conductors. 14. The system of claim 11, wherein the protective circuit element is a fuse. 15. The system of claim 11, wherein the protective circuit element is a surge protection device. 16. The system of claim 15, wherein the surge protection device is a metal-oxide varistor. 17. The system of claim 1, further comprising a photovoltaic module, the first inverter being electrically coupled to the photovoltaic module to receive input power therefrom. 18. The system of claim 1, wherein the plurality of continuous conductors comprises three continuous conductors. 19. The system of claim 1, wherein the plurality of continuous conductors comprises four continuous conductors. 20. The system of claim 1, wherein the plurality of continuous conductors comprises an earth ground continuous conductor. 21. A cable assembly for delivering power from one or more power generation sources to an AC grid, the cable assembly comprising: a plurality of continuous conductors for receiving power from the power generation sources and delivering the power to the AC grid; a first cable connector electrically coupled to the plurality of continuous conductors and configured to couple with a first power generation source to receive source AC power therefrom; a second cable connector electrically coupled to the plurality of continuous conductors and configured to couple with a second power generation source to receive source AC power therefrom; and a replaceable series element adapted to carry AC power between the first power generation source and the first cable connector. 22. The cable assembly of claim 21, wherein the first power generation source comprises a source connector and the replaceable series element is connected between the source connector and the first cable connector. 23. The cable assembly of claim 22, wherein the replaceable series element comprises a protective circuit element. 24. The cable assembly of claim 23, wherein the replaceable series element is configured to carry source AC power between the source connector and the cable connector. 25. The cable assembly of claim 23, wherein the protective circuit element is electrically coupled to a first continuous conductor of the plurality of continuous conductors and a second continuous conductor of the plurality of continuous conductors. 26. The cable assembly of claim 23, wherein the protective circuit element is a fuse. 27. The cable assembly of claim 23, wherein the protective circuit element is a surge protection device. 28. The cable assembly of claim 27, wherein the surge protection device is a metal-oxide varistor. 29. The system of claim 21, wherein the plurality of continuous conductors comprises three continuous conductors. 30. The system of claim 21, wherein the plurality of continuous conductors comprises four continuous conductors. 31. The system of claim 21, wherein the plurality of continuous conductors comprises an earth ground continuous conductor. 32. A system for delivering AC power to a power sink, the system comprising: a plurality of inverters, each inverter comprising a inverter connector for delivering power from the inverter, and a cable assembly comprising (i) a plurality of separable cable connectors, each separable cable connector configured to separably mate with one of the inverter connectors to receive AC power from the corresponding inverter and (ii) a first cable end for delivering the combined power received from the plurality of inventors to the power sink, the cable assembly being configured such that the AC power delivered by each inverter to the power sink passes through only one separable cable connector between the respective inverter and the first cable end. 