A degrader and a diagnostic kit for an electronically-controlled fuel-injected internal combustion engine includes means adapted to interrupt a control signal from an engine management computer or powertrain control module (PCM) (15) to a fuel injector (11). It comprises a current sensor (17), adapted to measure the duration of a pulsed supply of fuel to the injector, a switching block (18) to interrupt the supply if required, and a microprocessor (22) to actuate the switching block and to produce a signal which may be used to control injection of fuel into the engine.
Claims 1. An engine performance degrader for an internal combustion engine comprising an electronically controlled fuel injection system, the degrader being adapted for connection to the fuel supply system of the engine between an engine management computer or powertrain control module (PCM) of the engine and a fuel injector for the engine to interrupt the signals issued by the PCM to the injector and to supply modified signals to the injector, the degrader comprising means for measuring the normal duration of a pulsed supply of fuel to the injector, means for modifying the pulse length of the supply of fuel and a microprocessor for receiving signals from the measuring means and for transmitting signals to the pulse length modifying means to enable the pulse length to be modified thus to control the quantity of the fuel supplied to the engine. 2. A degrader according to claim 1 including means to monitor the instantaneous pressure of the fuel derived by a fuel pump. 3. A degrader according to claim 2, wherein said pressure monitoring means also includes means to modify the pressure as a parameter of the supply of the fuel to the engine. 4. A degrader according to claim 3 wherein the pressure monitoring means is the microprocessor and is adapted to receive signals from a pressure sensor and transmit signals to control the fuel pump. 5. A degrader according to claim 1, wherein the microprocessor is connected to the PCM and adapted to transmit signals thereto representative of the overall fuel supply to the engine thus to emulate engine operational conditions absent intervention by the degrader and as would otherwise be monitored by the PCM. 6. A degrader according to claim 1, wherein the means for measuring the duration of the pulsed supply of fuel to the injector is a Hall Effect current sensing device producing an analogue signal, and connected, via an analogue to digital converter, to the microprocessor. 7. A degrader according to claim 1, wherein the means for modifying the pulsed length of the supply of fuel to the injector is an optically coupled MOSFET switching block connected to the microprocessor. 8. A degrader according to claim 5, wherein the means for measuring the duration of the pulsed supply of fuel to the injector is a Hall Effect current sensing device producing an analogue signal, and connected, via an analogue to digital converter, to the microprocessor and wherein the Hall Effect current sensor and optically coupled MOSFET switching block are connected such as to provide a low-resistance electrically conductive path completing a circuit between the PCM and the injector. 9. A degrader according to claim 8 wherein the MOSFET switching block is optically coupled by a photovoltaic opto-coupler. 10. A degrader according to claim 7, including an opto-coupler connected in parallel to the optically coupled MOSFET switching block to detect any potential difference during an "off" state of the switching block. 11. A degrader as claimed in claim 1, further comprising an activation device to commence degradation of the fuel supply to the engine whereby the vehicle is reduced in its speed capacity. 12. A degrader as claimed in claim 11, wherein said activation device comprises one selected from the group comprising: means responsive to a signal external of the vehicle, and said signal external of the vehicle is provided by fixed roadside means delimiting an area of desired reduced speed; means responsive to a signal external of the vehicle, and said signal external of the vehicle is provided by a selectively operable transmitter, whereby the degrader constitutes an anti-theft device for the vehicle; means responsive to a signal internal of the vehicle, and said signal internal of the vehicle is provided by detection means detecting that the vehicle has been taken without authority, whereby the degrader constitutes an anti-theft device for the vehicle; and means responsive to a signal internal of the vehicle, and said signal internal of the vehicle is provided by a vehicle speed governor. 13. (canceled) 14. (canceled) 15. (canceled) 16. A degrader as claimed in claim 12, wherein said means responsive to a signal internal of the vehicle is provided by a vehicle speed governor and the speed governor determines the overall speed of the vehicle. 17. A degrader as claimed in claim 12, wherein said means responsive to a signal internal of the vehicle is provided by a vehicle speed governor and the speed governor determines the relative speed between different wheels of the vehicle and thereby constitutes traction control for the vehicle. 18. A degrader as claimed in claim 17, wherein the speed governor is adjustable to alter the relative speed permitted between different wheels before the activation device is activated. 19. A degrader as claimed in claim 17, wherein the response of the microprocessor to activation by the activation device is adjustable to vary the degree of engine performance degradation in response to relative speed between different wheels. 20. An electronically controlled fuel injected internal combustion engine comprising at least one combustion chamber, a fuel injector connected to the combustion chamber and a supply of fuel, a microprocessor connected between an engine management computer or powertrain control module (PCM) of the engine, and the injector, and a degrader as claimed in claim 1. 21. A method of degrading the instantaneous performance of an electronically-controlled fuel-injected internal combustion engine, comprising the steps of connecting between an engine management computer or power train control module (PCM) of the engine, and a fuel injector of the engine a degrader comprising means for measuring the normal duration of a pulsed supply of fuel to the injector, means for modifying the pulse length of the supply of fuel, and a microprocessor for receiving signals from the measuring means and for transmitting signals to the pulse length modifying means, causing by means of software in the microprocessor a signal representative of the normal duration of a pulsed supply of fuel to the injector to be measured and, as appropriate, causing the pulse length to be modified to control the fuel supplied to the engine and in turn controlling the speed and/or performance of the engine. 22. A method according to claim 21, comprising the step of causing the microprocessor to receive signals representative of the instantaneous pressure of the fuel derived by a fuel pump for the engine, and modifying the pressure as a parameter of the supply of fuel to the engine. 23. A method according to claim 21, wherein the microprocessor is caused to transmit signals to the PCM representative of the overall fuel supply to the engine thus to emulate engine operational conditions absent intervention by the degrader and as would otherwise be monitored by the PCM. 24. A method according to claim 21, wherein the controlled fuel supply to the engine is determined by monitoring the duration of the supply of the fuel by the injector in relation to a signal representative of the instantaneous fuel pressure derived from the fuel pump, and interrupting the supply at a predetermined point in time. 25. A method according to claim 21, wherein a signal is sent to control the fuel pump to modify the fuel pressure in addition to or as an alternative to modification of the duration of the pulsed fuel supply to the engine. 26. A diagnostic kit for an internal combustion engine comprising an electronically controlled fuel injection system, the kit being adapted for connection to the fuel supply system of the engine between an engine management computer or powertrain control module (PCM) of the engine and a fuel injector for the engine to interrupt the signals issued by the PCM to the injector and to supply corresponding signals to the injector, the kit comprising means for measuring the duration of a pulse supply of fuel to the injector, means for modifying the pulse length of the supply of fuel and a microprocessor for receiving signals from the measuring means and for transmitting signals to the pulse length modifying means to enable the pulse length to be modified thus to control the quantity of the fuel supplied to the engine, and output means to output information concerning the pulse lengths applied by the PCM. 27. A diagnostic kit according to claim 26 further comprising a monitor of the instantaneous pressure of the fuel derived by a fuel pump, and wherein said output further comprises transmission of information concerning said pressure. 28. A diagnostic kit according to claim 26, further comprising a calculator to calculate the quantity of fuel delivered by each pulse. 29. A diagnostic kit according to claim 26, further comprising an aggregator to aggregate pulse lengths, fuel pressures associated therewith and fuel quantity delivered, of sub-pulses of an engine to which the kit is connected. 30. A diagnostic kit according claim 26, further comprising a display on which said information is displayed. 31. (canceled) 