The present invention discloses a fault localization method and a fault localization apparatus in a Passive Optical Network (PON) and a passive optical network having the same. A fault localization method in PON according to the present invention comprises a) configuring an optical path of a remote node (RN) selectively by electric power being fed temporarily only when necessary, while the PON is regularly being operated as a passive network; and b) detecting a fault occurring on the selectively configured optical path by inserting a monitoring signal of an OTDR unit, which is positioned in a central office (CO), through the selectively configured optical path.
Claims 1. A fault localization method in a passive optical network (PON) comprising: configuring an optical path of a remote node (RN) selectively by electric power being fed temporarily from a remote place only when necessary, while the PON is regularly being operated as a passive network; and detecting a fault occurring on the selectively configured optical path by inserting a monitoring signal of an optical time-domain reflectometer (OTDR) unit, which is positioned in a central office (CO), through the selectively configured optical path. 2. The fault localization method of claim 1, wherein the remote place is positioned within the CO. 3. The fault localization method of claim 1, wherein configuring includes using a latch type switch having a latch characteristic. 4. The fault localization method of claim 1, wherein a wavelength band of a light source being used for outputting the monitoring signal of the OTDR unit, a wavelength band for transmitting data of the PON, and a wavelength band for the power are different wavelength bands. 5. A fault localization apparatus in a passive optical network (PON) comprising: a powering unit, being provided within a central office (CO), for temporarily providing electric power and control information of a remote node (RN) with the RN so as to configure an optical path of the RN selectively; an optical time-domain reflectometer (OTDR) unit, being provided within the CO, for providing a monitoring signal for monitoring the optical path; a path switching device, being provided within the RN, for setting up the optical path so the monitoring signal is selectively coupled to a plurality of distribution fibers; and a control unit for setting up the optical path of the RN to the path switching device by using the electric power and the control information. 6. A fault localization apparatus in a passive optical network (PON) comprising: a powering unit, being provided within a central office (CO), for temporarily providing optical power through an optical fiber and for providing electric power and control information of a remote node (RN) necessary for configuring an optical path of the RN selectively; an optical time-domain reflectometer (OTDR) unit, being provided within the CO, for providing a monitoring signal for monitoring the optical path; a photovoltaic converter, being provided within the RN, for converting the optical power and the control information into an electrical signal; a path switching device, being provided within the RN, for setting up the optical path so as for the monitoring signal to be coupled selectively to a plurality of distribution fibers; and a control unit for setting up the optical path of the RN to the path switching device by using the electric power and the control information. 7. A fault localization apparatus in a passive optical network (PON) comprising: a powering unit, being provided within a central office (CO), for outputting optical power and control information of a remote node (RN) to the RN so as to configure an optical path of the RN selectively; an optical time-domain reflectometer (OTDR) unit, being provided within the CO, for outputting a monitoring signal for monitoring the optical path; a first switch (switch 1) for decoupling or coupling the optical power and the control information outputted from the powering unit and the monitoring signal outputted from the OTDR unit selectively; a first wavelength division multiplex (WDM) filter, being provided within the CO, for decoupling or coupling the optical power, the control information, and the monitoring signal to a feeder fiber; a second wavelength division multiplex (WDM) filter, being provided within the RN, for decoupling or coupling the optical power, the control information, and the monitoring signal; a path switching device, being provided within the RN, for setting up the optical path so as to couple the monitoring signal decoupled by the second WDM filter selectively to a plurality of distribution fibers; a plurality of third WDM filters, being provided within the RN, for decoupling or coupling the monitoring signal selectively; a fifth WDM filter, being provided within the RN, for decoupling the optical power and the control information; a photovoltaic converter, being provided within the RN, for converting the optical power and the control information, which are decoupled through the fifth WDM filter, into an electrical signal; and a control unit, being provided within the RN, for designating a switch-over of the optical path of the RN by using the electrical signal. 8. The fault localization apparatus of claim 7, wherein the path switching device includes a latch type switch having a latch characteristic or any plurality of optical switches. 9. The fault localization apparatus of claim 7, wherein the first switch (switch 1) is embodied by a WDM filer. 10. The fault localization apparatus of claim 7, wherein the plurality of third WDM filters includes an optical switch. 11. The fault localization apparatus of claim 7, wherein the plurality of third WDM filters includes an optical coupler. 12. The fault localization apparatus of claim 7, wherein the powering unit includes a high power laser, being provided within the CO, for providing an optical power in order to set-up the optical path of the RN; and an encoding unit for providing the control information of the RN. 13. The fault localization apparatus of claim 12, wherein the powering unit and the OTDR unit are embodied by one integrated device. 14. The fault localization apparatus of claim 7, wherein a wavelength band of a light source being used for outputting the monitoring signal of the OTDR unit, a wavelength band for transmitting data of the PON, and a wavelength band for the electric power are different wavelength bands. 15. The fault localization apparatus of claim 12, wherein in case that setting-up the optical path regarding the monitoring signal by using the powering unit and detecting the fault by using the OTDR unit is performed in sequence, the optical powering unit and the OTDR unit use a same wavelength band. 16. A fault localization apparatus in a passive optical network (PON) comprising: an optical time-domain reflectometer (OTDR) unit, being provided within a central office (CO), for outputting a monitoring signal for monitoring an optical path; an optical powering unit, being provided within the CO, for providing optical power and control information necessary for setting up the optical path regarding a self-healing function and the monitoring signal; a first wavelength division multiplex (WDM) filter, being provided at a front end of a first switch (SW1), for connecting the optical power and the control information to the first switch (SW1); a second wavelength division multiplex (WDM) filter, being provided between a first feeder fiber (FF-1) and a second switch within a remote node (RN), for coupling or decoupling the optical power and the control information selectively; a third wavelength division multiplex (WDM) filter, being provided between a second feeder fiber (FF-2) and the second switch within the RN, for coupling or decoupling the optical power and the control information selectively; a photovoltaic converter, being connected to the second WDM filter and the third WDM filter within the RN, for converting the optical power and the control information into an electrical signal; a path switching device, being connected to the second switch, for setting up the optical path so as to couple the monitoring signal decoupled by the second switch selectively to a plurality of distribution fibers; a plurality of third switches being provided between the path switching device and the plurality of distribution fibers within the RN; and a control unit, being connected to the photovoltaic converter, for providing electric power and control information necessary for operating the second switch, the plurality of third switches, and the path switching device by using the electrical signal. 17. The fault localization apparatus of claim 16, wherein the path switching device includes a latch type switch having a latch characteristic or any plurality of optical switches. 18. The fault localization apparatus of claim 16, wherein the powering unit includes a high power laser, being provided within the CO, for providing an optical power in order to set-up the optical path of the RN; and an encoding unit for providing the control information of the RN. 19. The fault localization apparatus of claim 16, wherein a wavelength band for transmitting data of the PON and a wavelength band for the electric power are different wavelength bands, and wherein a wavelength band of a light source being used for outputting the monitoring signal of the OTDR unit is the same as or different from the wavelength band for transmitting data of the PON or the wavelength band for the electric power. 20. A passive optical network (PON) including a fault localization apparatus comprising: a central office (CO) including optical line termination (OLT), and a first wavelength division multiplex (WDM) filter being connected to the OLT; a remote node (RN) including MUX/DEMUX, a second WDM filter being connected to a front end of the MUX/DEMUX, and a plurality of third WDM filters being connected to a back end of the MUX/DEMUX; a plurality of optical network terminals (ONTs; ONT1, . . . , ONTn) being connected to the RN; a feeder fiber for connecting the OLT and the RN; and a plurality of distribution fibers (DF-1, . . . , DF-n) for connecting the RN and the plurality of ONTs (ONT1, . . . , ONTn), wherein the fault localization apparatus comprises a powering unit, being provided within the CO, for temporarily providing electric power and control information of the RN with the RN so as to configure an optical path of the RN selectively; an optical time-domain reflectometer (OTDR) unit, being provided within the CO, for providing a monitoring signal for monitoring the optical path; a path switching device, being provided within the RN, for setting up the optical path so as for the monitoring signal to be coupled selectively to a plurality of distribution fibers; and a control unit for setting up the optical path of the RN to the path switching device by using the electric power and the control information. 21. A passive optical network (PON) including a fault localization apparatus comprising: a central office (CO) including optical line termination (OLT), and a first wavelength division multiplex (WDM) filter being connected to the OLT; a remote node (RN) including MUX/DEMUX, a second and a third WDM filters being connected selectively to a front end of the MUX/DEMUX, a second switch being connected respectively to the second and the third WDM filters, and a plurality of third WDM filters being connected to a back end of the MUX/DEMUX; a plurality of optical network terminals (ONTs; ONT1, . . . , ONTn) being connected to the RN; a first and a second feeder fibers for connecting the OLT and the RN; a plurality of first and second distribution fibers (DF1-1, DF1-2; DF2-1, DF2-2 . . . , DFn-1, DFn-2) for connecting the RN and the plurality of ONTs (ONT1, . . . , ONTn); and a plurality of fourth switches, being provided within the plurality of ONTs, for providing a connection to the plurality of first and second distribution fibers, wherein the fault localization apparatus comprises a powering unit, being provided within the CO, for temporarily providing optical power through an optical fiber and for providing electric power and control information of the RN necessary for configuring an optical path of the RN selectively; an optical time-domain reflectometer (OTDR) unit, being provided within the CO, for providing a monitoring signal for monitoring the optical path; a photovoltaic converter, being provided within the RN, for converting the optical power and the control information into an electrical signal; a path switching device, being provided within the RN, for setting up the optical path so as for the monitoring signal to be coupled selectively to a plurality of distribution fibers; and a control unit for setting up the optical path of the RN to the path switching device by using the electric power and the control information. 22. A passive optical network (PON) including a fault localization apparatus comprising: a central office (CO) including optical line termination (OLT), and a first wavelength division multiplex (WDM) filter being connected to the OLT; a remote node (RN) including MUX/DEMUX, a second WDM filter being connected to a front end of the MUX/DEMUX, and a plurality of third WDM filters being connected to a back end of the MUX/DEMUX; a plurality of optical network terminals (ONTs; ONT1, . . . , ONTn) being connected to the RN; a feeder fiber for connecting the OLT and the RN; and a plurality of distribution fibers (DF-1, . . . , DF-n) for connecting the RN and the plurality of ONTs (ONT1, . . . , ONTn), wherein the fault localization apparatus comprises a powering unit, being provided within the CO, for outputting optical power and control information of the RN to the RN so as to configure an optical path of the RN selectively; an optical time-domain reflectometer (OTDR) unit, being provided within the CO, for outputting a monitoring signal for monitoring the optical path; a first switch (switch 1) for decoupling or coupling the optical power and the control information outputted from the powering unit and the monitoring signal outputted from the OTDR unit selectively; a first WDM filter, being provided within the CO, for decoupling or coupling the optical power, the control information, and the monitoring signal to the feeder fiber; a second WDM filter, being provided within the RN, for decoupling or coupling the optical power, the control information, and the monitoring signal; a path switching device, being provided within the RN, for setting up the optical path so as to couple the monitoring signal decoupled by the second WDM filter selectively to the plurality of distribution fibers; a plurality of third WDM filters, being provided within the RN, for decoupling or coupling the monitoring signal selectively; a fifth WDM filter, being provided within the RN, for decoupling the optical power and the control information; a photovoltaic converter, being provided within the RN, for converting the optical power and the control information, which are decoupled through the fifth WDM filter, into an electrical signal; and a control unit, being provided within the RN, for designating a switch-over of the optical path of the RN by using the electrical signal. 23. The PON of claim 22, wherein the MUX/DEMUX is embodied by an optical power splitter (OPS) or an arrayed waveguide grating (AWG). 24. The PON of claim 22, wherein the path switching device is connected respectively to the plurality of third WDM filters and embodied by a latch type switch having a latch characteristic or any plurality of optical switches. 25. The PON of claim 22, wherein the powering unit includes a high power laser, being provided within the CO, for providing an optical power in order to set-up the optical path of the RN; and an encoding unit for providing the control information of the RN. 26. The PON of claim 25, wherein the powering unit and the OTDR unit are embodied by one integrated device. 27. The PON of claim 22, wherein a wavelength band of a light source being used for outputting the monitoring signal of the OTDR unit, a wavelength band for transmitting data of the PON, and a wavelength band for the electric power are different wavelength bands. 28. The PON of claim 25, wherein in case that setting-up the optical path regarding the monitoring signal by using the powering unit and detecting the fault by using the OTDR unit is performed in sequence, the optical powering unit and the OTDR unit use a same wavelength band. 29. The PON of claim 22, wherein the PON is either one of a TDM-PON, a WDM-PON, and a subscriber network configuration where WDM-PON services and TDM-PON services are co-existing. 30. A passive optical network (PON) including a fault localization apparatus comprising: a central office (CO) including optical line terminal (OLT), a first wavelength division multiplex (WDM) filter being connected to the OLT, and a first switch being connected to the first WDM filter; a remote node (RN) including MUX/DEMUX, a second and a third WDM filters being connected selectively to a front end of the MUX/DEMUX, a second switch being connected respectively to the second and the third WDM filters, and a plurality of third WDM filters being connected to a back end of the MUX/DEMUX; a plurality of optical network terminals (ONTs; ONT1, . . . , ONTn) being connected to the RN; a first and a second feeder fibers for connecting the OLT and the RN; a plurality of first and second distribution fibers (DF1-1, DF1-2; DF2-1, DF2-2 . . . , DFn-1, DFn-2) for connecting the RN and the plurality of ONTs (ONT1, . . . , ONTn); and a plurality of fourth switches, being provided within the plurality of ONTs, for providing a connection to the plurality of first and second distribution fibers, wherein the fault localization apparatus comprises an optical time-domain reflectometer (OTDR) unit, being provided within the CO, for outputting a monitoring signal for monitoring an optical path; an optical powering unit, being provided within the CO, for providing optical power and control information necessary for setting up the optical path regarding a self-healing function and the monitoring signal; the first WDM filter, being provided at a front end of a first switch (SW1), for connecting the optical power and the control information to the first switch (SW1); a second WDM filter, being provided between the first feeder fiber (FF-1) and a second switch within the RN, for coupling or decoupling the optical power and the control information selectively; a third WDM filter, being provided between the second feeder fiber (FF-2) and the second switch within the RN, for coupling or decoupling the optical power and the control information selectively; a photovoltaic converter, being connected to the second WDM filter and the third WDM filter within the RN, for converting the optical power and the control information into an electrical signal; a path switching device, being connected to the second switch, for setting up the optical path so as to couple the monitoring signal decoupled by the second switch selectively to the plurality of first and second distribution fibers; a plurality of third switches being provided between the path switching device and the plurality of first and second distribution fibers within the RN; and a control unit, being connected to the photovoltaic converter, for providing electric power and control information necessary for operating the second switch, the third switch, and the path switching device by using the electrical signal. 31. The PON of claim 30, wherein the path switching device is connected respectively to the plurality of third WDM filters and embodied by a latch type switch having a latch characteristic or any plurality of optical switches. 32. The PON of claim 30, wherein the powering unit includes a high power laser, being provided within the CO, for providing an optical power in order to set-up the optical path of the RN; and an encoding unit for providing the control information of the RN. 33. The PON of anyone of claim 32, wherein a wavelength band for transmitting data of the PON and a wavelength band for the electric power are different wavelength bands, and wherein a wavelength band of a light source being used for outputting the monitoring signal of the OTDR unit is the same as or different from the wavelength band for transmitting data of the PON or the wavelength band for the electric power. 34. The PON of claim 30, wherein the PON is either one of a TDM-PON, a WDM-PON, and a subscriber network configuration where WDM-PON services and TDM-PON services are co-existing. 