The present invention relates to a mounting system (1) for mounting one or more solar panels (P). The mounting system (1) comprises: a plurality of elongate bearing members (10) adapted to be arranged spaced apart and substantially parallel to one another on a rooftop surface, and in particular on an outer sealing membrane (S) of the rooftop, and a plurality of fastening straps (20, 20') for fastening the bearing members (10) to the rooftop surface. Each of the bearing members (10) is adapted for mounting a solar panel (P) or a support frame (F) of a solar panel thereon, and each of the fastening straps (20) is adapted to engage one or more of the bearing members (10) and includes a securing region (21) for securing the strap to the rooftop surface. In this regard, each of the fastening straps (20, 20') is arranged, in use, to extend from one of the bearing members (10), preferably such that the securing region (21) of each fastening strap (20, 20') is outside or beyond a vertical projection of the respective bearing member (10) on the rooftop surface.
Claims 1-16. (canceled) 17. A mounting system for mounting one or more solar panels, comprising: a plurality of elongate bearing members adapted to be arranged spaced apart and substantially parallel to one another on a rooftop surface, wherein each of the bearing members is adapted for mounting a solar panel or a support frame for a solar panel thereon; and a plurality of fastening straps for fastening the bearing members to the rooftop surface, wherein each of the fastening straps is adapted to engage at least one of the bearing members and includes a securing region for securing the strap to the rooftop surface; wherein each of the elongate bearing members comprises a channel section of sheet material, and wherein the fastening straps are arranged to extend transverse to a longitudinal extent of the bearing members. 18. A mounting system according to claim 17, wherein each of the fastening straps is arranged to extend from the bearing members such that the securing region of each fastening strap is arranged beyond a vertical projection of the respective bearing member on the rooftop surface. 19. A mounting system according to claim 17, wherein the securing region of each fastening strap is adapted to be secured to the rooftop surface by adhesive bonding, by solvent bonding, or by cold or hot fusion or welding. 20. A mounting system according to claim 17, wherein each of the elongate bearing members comprises: a base having at least one footing for supporting the bearing member on the rooftop surface, and an attachment region above the footing for attaching the solar panel or the support frame to the bearing member, the attachment region being spaced from the footing by one or more wall member extending upwardly from the footing. 21. A mounting system according to claim 20, wherein each footing comprises a laterally outwardly projecting flange that extends longitudinally of the bearing member, the flange having upper and lower plate members defining a slot-like channel or cavity there-between. 22. A mounting system according to claim 20, wherein each bearing member has a pair of opposite laterally outwardly projecting footings. 23. A mounting system according to claim 20, wherein at least one opening or recess is provided through the said one or more wall member for receiving a respective one of the fastening straps such that the fastening strap extends transversely over the footing. 24. A mounting system according to claim 17, wherein each bearing member further comprises an opening or recess formed in an end region thereof for receiving one of the fastening straps in an axial direction. 25. A mounting system according to claim 24, wherein the opening or recess formed in the end region of the bearing member is in the form of a slot-like cavity or channel. 26. A mounting system according to claim 24, wherein each of the fastening straps received in the axial direction is attached to the respective bearing member by one or more fasteners or by adhesive. 27. A mounting system according to claim 17, wherein each fastening strap is at least partially formed from a flexible material, and wherein the securing region is provided at an end region of the strap and presents an area for adhesive bonding, for solvent bonding, or for cold or hot fusion or welding with the rooftop surface. 28. A mounting system for mounting one or more solar panels, comprising: a plurality of elongate bearing members adapted to be arranged spaced apart and extending substantially parallel to one another on a rooftop surface, wherein each of the bearing members is adapted for mounting a solar panel or a support frame for a solar panel thereon; and a plurality of fastening straps for fastening the bearing members to the rooftop surface, wherein each of the fastening straps is adapted to engage at least one of the bearing members and includes a securing region for securing the strap to the rooftop surface; wherein each of the elongate bearing members has a longitudinally extending channel and at least one footing that projects laterally outwardly from the channel for supporting the bearing member on the rooftop surface; and wherein each bearing member is configured to receive at least one of the fastening straps in an axial direction at an end region thereof. 29. A mounting system according to claim 28, wherein each of the fastening straps received in the end region of the respective bearing member is attached to the bearing member by one or more fasteners. 30. A mounting system according to claim 28, wherein each of the elongate bearing members comprises at least one cavity or channel formed in the end region thereof for receiving the fastening strap in an axial direction. 31. A mounting system according to claim 28, wherein each elongate bearing member further comprises an attachment region above the footing for attaching the solar panel or support frame to the bearing member. 32. A mounting system according to claim 28, wherein some of the plurality of fastening straps are arranged to extend transverse to a longitudinal extent of the bearing members. 33. In a solar panel mounting system, an elongate bearing rail for mounting a solar panel or a support frame of a solar panel on a rooftop surface, the bearing rail being formed from sheet material and comprising: a base having a pair of opposed, laterally outwardly projecting footings for supporting the bearing rail on the rooftop surface; an attachment region at an upper part of the bearing rail above the footings for attaching the solar panel or the support frame of the solar panel to the bearing rail; and a pair of opposite wall members extending upwardly from the base and interconnecting the attachment region with the footings; wherein the bearing rail comprises at least one opening or recess from which and/or through which a fastening strap is adapted to extend in use. 34. A bearing rail according to claim 33, wherein the at least one opening or recess comprises one or more apertures formed through each of the pair of opposite wall members for receiving a respective fastening strap which extends from or transversely across or through the bearing rail. 35. A bearing rail according to claim 34, wherein each aperture is provided in close proximity to the footing such that the respective fastening strap is configured to extend transversely over the footing. 36. A bearing rail according to claim 34, wherein each aperture is a slot. 37. A bearing rail according to claim 33, wherein the at least one opening or recess from which and/or through which the fastening strap is adapted to extend in use is formed in an end region of the bearing rail for receiving one of the fastening straps in an axial direction. 38. A bearing rail according to claim 37, wherein the at least one opening or recess formed in the end region of the bearing rail is a slot-like channel or cavity. 