A method for recognizing the theft of at least one photovoltaic module of a PV system. The PV system comprises at least one string of serially connected PV modules for supplying a field voltage, where the at least one string is connected in parallel and the PV modules each have a plurality of serially connected PV cells. In addition, bypass diodes connected in an anti-parallel manner are provided for protecting the PV cells. During a non-charging operation, i.e., the evening and at night, a test voltage that is negative relative to the field voltage is connected to the at least one PV string to adjust a test current through the bypass diodes. A theft message is automatically output when at least one of the test current and the test voltage significantly change.
Claims 1.-17. (canceled) 18. A method for recognizing theft of at least one photovoltaic (PV) module of a PV system, which has at least one PV string, connected in parallel, of serially connected PV modules for supplying a field voltage, wherein each of the PV modules has a plurality of serially connected PV cells, the method comprising: providing bypass diodes connected in an anti-parallel manner for protecting said plural serially connected PV cells; connecting, during a non-feeding operation, a test voltage that is negative relative to the field voltage to said at least one PV string to set a test current through the bypass diodes; and automatically outputting a theft message when one of the test current changes at a given test voltage and the test voltage changes at a given test current. 19. The method as claimed in claim 18, wherein the theft message is output when, at a given test current, a presently acquired test voltage is reduced by approximately a sum of forward voltage values of all the bypass diodes of a PV module or an integral multiple of the forward voltage values of all the bypass diodes of the PV module. 20. A method for recognizing a failure of at least one bypass diode of a photovoltaic (PV) module in a PV system, which has at least one PV string, connected in parallel, of serially connected PV modules for supplying a field voltage, wherein each of the PV modules has a plurality of serially connected PV cells and a plurality of bypass diodes, serially connected thereto in an anti-parallel manner, for protecting the serially connected PV cells, the method comprising: connecting, during a non-charging operation, a test voltage that is negative relative to the field voltage to said at least one PV string of serially connected PV modules to set a test current through the bypass diodes; and automatically outputting a failure message when a presently acquired test voltage reduces in comparison with a previously measured comparison voltage by approximately an integral multiple of a forward voltage of one of the bypass diodes. 21. A method for recognizing a failure of at least one bypass diode of a photovoltaic (PV) module in a PV system, which has at least one string, connected in parallel, of serially connected PV modules for supplying a field voltage, wherein each of the PV modules have a plurality of serially connected PV cells and a plurality of bypass diodes, serially connected thereto in an anti-parallel manner for protecting the PV cells, the method comprising: connecting, during a non-charging operation, a test voltage that is negative relative to the field voltage to said at least one PV string of serially connected PV modules to set a test current through the bypass diodes; and automatically outputting a failure message when, because of an open-circuit state of at least one of the bypass diodes instead of the test current to be set, only a residual current smaller in comparison therewith can be set. 22. The method as claimed in claim 18, wherein said at least one PV string comprises plural strings, each of said plural strings is connected in parallel, wherein a respective string test current is set in a respective one of said plural strings to recognize one of a string-related theft and bypass diode failure. 23. The method as claimed in claim 22, wherein the respective string test current is set cyclically in individual ones of said plural strings. 24. A photovoltaic (PV) sub-generator junction box for a PV system, comprising: a plurality of electrical terminals for respectively connecting to a plurality of PV string lines, each of the plural PV string lines having a plurality of serially connected PV modules, each with a plurality of serially connected PV cells; and a sub-generator terminal for connecting to a PV sub-generator line of a remotely located central PV inverter; an electronic control unit, the PV sub-generator junction box being configured for switching a test voltage that is negative relative to a field voltage generated by said PV modules to the PV sub-generator line during a non-feeding operation such that a test current through at least one bypass diode of the PV modules can be set; at least one of a voltage measuring unit for acquiring the test voltage and a current measuring unit for acquiring the test current; wherein at least one of a theft message is output by the control unit when at least one of the test current and the test voltage changes; and wherein a failure message for the at least one bypass diode is output by the control unit when a presently acquired test voltage is reduced in comparison with a previously measured comparison voltage by approximately an integral multiple of a forward voltage of one of the at least one bypass diode or when, because of an open-circuit state of one of the at least one bypass diode instead of the test current to be set, only a residual current smaller in comparison therewith can be set. 25. The PV sub-generator junction box as claimed in claim 24, wherein the theft message is output when, at a given test current, a presently acquired test voltage is reduced by approximately a sum of forward voltage values of all said at least one bypass diode of a PV module or an integral multiple of the forward voltage values of all said at least one bypass diode. 26. The PV sub-generator junction box as claimed in claim 24, further comprising, for each of said plural electrical terminals a string switching device which is controllable by the control unit for switching on a respective one of the PV string lines, and wherein only a respective string switching means for setting a respective one of the PV string lines test current in the respective one of the PV string lines is cyclically controllable for outputting one of a string-related theft message and failure message. 27. The PV sub-generator junction box as claimed in claim 25, further comprising, for each of said plural electrical terminals, a string switching device which is controllable by the control unit for switching on a respective one of the PV string lines, and wherein only a respective string switching means for setting a respective string test current in the respective one of the PV string lines is cyclically controllable for outputting one of a string-related theft message and failure message. 28. The PV sub-generator junction box as claimed in claim 24, wherein the PV string lines are connected to a bus bar of the PV sub-generator junction box, the PV sub-generator junction box further comprising: a disconnection device which is controllable by the control unit for disconnecting the PV sub-generator line from the bus bar; a test voltage supply for providing the test voltage; and a switch which is controllable by the control unit for switching the test voltage to the bus bar. 29. The PV sub-generator junction box as claimed in claim 27, wherein the test voltage supply for electrical supply is connected on an input side to the sub-generator terminal of the PV sub-generator junction box. 30. The PV sub-generator junction box as claimed in claim 29, wherein the test voltage supply includes an energy store which is chargeable by the sub-generator terminal. 31. A photovoltaic (PV) inverter for a PV system, comprising: at least one sub-generator terminal for connection of at least one of: a respective PV sub-generator line of a plurality of PV sub-generator junction boxes or a respective PV main direct current line of a PV generator junction box connected in between the PV inverter and the plurality of PV sub-generator junction boxes; a power connector for connection to a power supply network; a central control unit for controlling the PV inverter; an auxiliary voltage supply for providing an auxiliary voltage; and a coupling switch for feeding the auxiliary voltage into the at least one of the PV sub-generator line and PV main direct current lines. 32. The PV inverter as claimed in claim 31, wherein the auxiliary voltage supply provides an auxiliary voltage that is negative relative to a fed-in field voltage received by the power converter, a positive auxiliary voltage and an alternating auxiliary voltage. 33. A photovoltaic (PV) system having at least one central PV inverter and a plurality of PV sub-generator junction boxes as claimed in claim 24. 34. The photovoltaic (PV) system of claim 33, wherein the at least one central PV inverter comprises: at least one sub-generator terminal for connection of at least one of: a respective PV sub-generator line of a plurality of PV sub-generator junction boxes or a respective PV main direct current line of a PV generator junction box connected in between the PV inverter and the plurality of PV sub-generator junction boxes; a power connector for connection to a power supply network; a central control unit for controlling the PV inverter; an auxiliary voltage supply for providing an auxiliary voltage; and a coupling switch for feeding the auxiliary voltage into the at least one of the PV sub-generator line and PV main direct current lines. 35. The PV system as claimed in claim 33, wherein the PV system includes at least one PV generator junction box connected between the at least one central PV inverter and the plurality of PV sub-generator junction boxes. 36. The method of claim 18, wherein the non-feeding operation occurs during at least one of evening and night hours. 37. The PV sub-generator junction box as claimed in claim 29, wherein the energy store is an accumulator. 