A multi sensor detection and disabling lock system includes detector cases for holding interchangeable detectors that sample for chemical, biological and radiological compounds, agents and elements, with each detector case disposed in or upon the monitored product whereupon light alarm indicators (color coded) on the detector case light up when a specific compound or agent is detected whereupon the detector case transmits detection information to a monitoring computer terminal and transmits a signal to a lock disabler engaged to the product to lock or disable the product's lock thereby preventing untrained, unauthorized and unequipped individual's from gaining access and entry to the product, and also preventing further contamination of the area. An authorized individual resets the detection system, and the system's power source is electrical, battery or computer generated. In addition, the detection system can be interconnected to surveillance towers scanning detector cases disposed at seaport docks, freight depots and rail terminals for monitoring containers being prepared for shipment or sitting on docks for long periods of time.
Claims 1. A vehicle adapted for receipt of a signal from a remote location to remotely control the vehicles' stall-to-stop means or vehicle slowdown means, comprising: at least one of a brake, a foot peddle, a light, a speed control, an ignition system, a steering wheel, a transmission, a fuel system, and a motor; an electrical system in electrical communication with at least one of the brake, the foot peddle, the light, the speed control, the ignition system, the steering wheel, the transmission, the fuel system, and the motor; a computer system in signal transmission communication with at least one of the brake, the foot peddle, the light, the speed control, the ignition system, the steering wheel, the transmission, the fuel system, and the motor; a receiver in electrical communication with the electrical system and adapted to receive at least one control signal from a remote location to activate a stall-to-stop means or vehicle slowdown means; a receiver in computer communication with the computer system and adapted to receive at least one control signal from a remote location to activate a stall-to-stop means or vehicle slowdown means; and wherein the at least one control signal is communicated from the receiver to the electrical system or the computer system to control at least one of the brake, the foot peddle, the light, the speed control, the ignition system, the steering wheel, the transmission, the fuel system, and the motor. 2. The vehicles' stall-to-stop means or the vehicles' slowdown means of claim 1, further including a global positioning system (GPS) receiver adapted for communication with at least one satellite. 3. The vehicles' stall-to-stop means or the vehicles' slowdown means of claim 1, further including a cellular communication device adapted for communication with at least one cell phone tower. 4. The vehicles' stall-to-stop means or the vehicles' slowdown means of claim 1, where-in the at least one control signal is sent from a monitoring device or site. 5. The vehicles' stall-to-stop means or the vehicles' slowdown means of claim 1, further includes vehicles pre-programmed to automatically activate the stall-to-stop means or vehicle slowdown means when sensors of navigation, guidance, motion, distance, weight, height are interconnected to the vehicles onboard electrical system and/or computer system for controlling at least one of a brake, a brake override system, an electronic throttle, a foot peddle, a light, a speed control, an ignition system, a steering wheel, a transmission, a fuel system, and a motor. 6. The vehicles' stall-to-stop means or the vehicles' slowdown means of claim 5, further includes vehicles pre-programmed to automatically activate the stall-to-stop means or vehicle slowdown means; when the vehicle is electric, a car, truck, ship, boat, train, or plane. 7. The vehicles' stall-to-stop means or the vehicles' slowdown means of claim 6, further includes vehicles pre-programmed to automatically activate the stall-to-stop means or vehicle slowdown means; when it is determined an emergency exist for the vehicle, driver, passenger(s), pedestrians or surrounding environment. 8. The vehicles' stall-to-stop means or the vehicles' slowdown means of claim 7, further includes vehicles pre-programmed to automatically activate the stall-to-stop means or vehicle slowdown means; when there is an in-vehicle notification warning of: vehicle parking, speeding; driving too fast for conditions; construction zone; school zone; accident ahead; brake failure; acceleration/deceleration failure. 9. The vehicles' stall-to-stop means or the vehicles' slowdown means of claim 8, further includes vehicles pre-programmed to automatically activate the stall-to-stop means or vehicle slowdown means; when the vehicle moves outside a designated perimeter or zone. 10. A built-in multi sensor detection system for monitoring products with a plurality of interchangeable and integrable sensors detecting for chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, explosive, human, contraband; camera, light and video sensors allow the user to access, review and respond to network multi sensor detection systems and view the environment from a cell phone, PDA, handheld, laptop, desktop, workstation or monitoring site; sensors for motion, locks, perimeter, temperature, tampering and breach for the prevention of terrorist activity and theft, comprising at least one of; or a combination of: a built-in interchangeable or fixed detector case; a built-in interchangeable or fixed sensor array; a built-in central processing unit (CPU); a built-in power source of electric, solar or battery; a built-in plurality of indicator lights; a built-in automatic/mechanical lock disabler; a built-in biometric reader for authentication; a built-in internet, global positioning (GPS), navigation, tracking, cellular, satellite, radio frequency (RF), Wi-Fi, antenna, Bluetooth, communication interface, connection. 11. The built-in multi sensor detection system of claim 10 wherein the product is a maritime cargo container; truck tractor trailers; trailers. 12. The built-in multi sensor detection system of claim 10 wherein the product is a mini storage building; warehouse; newspaper vending machine. 13. The built-in multi sensor detection system of claim 10 wherein the product is a car, truck, bus, camper, train, ship, vessel, boat, plane, unmanned aerial vehicle, unmanned sea vehicle, unmanned ground vehicle. 14. Multi sensor detection, stall-to-stop, lock disabling system wherein the security systems can be grouped into anti-terrorist product groupings based on the categories of similarities of design, similarities of material composition, and similarities of security problems, comprising: a multi sensor detection system with a plurality of interchangeable and integrable sensors detecting for chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, explosive, human, contraband; camera, light and video sensors allow the user to access, review and respond to network multi sensor detection systems and view the environment from a cell phone, PDA, handheld, laptop, desktop, workstation or monitoring site; a built-in multi sensor detection system for monitoring products with a plurality of interchangeable and integrable sensors detecting for chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, explosive, human, contraband; camera, light and video sensors allow the user to access, review and respond to network multi sensor detection systems and view the environment from a cell phone, PDA, handheld, laptop, desktop, workstation or monitoring site; sensors for motion, locks, perimeter, temperature, tampering and breach for the prevention of terrorist activity and theft. a cell phone detection system with a plurality of interchangeable and integrable sensors detecting for chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, explosive, contraband; camera, light and video sensors allow the user to access, review and respond to network cell phone detection systems and view the environment from a cell phone, PDA, handheld, laptop, desktop, workstation or monitoring site; a stall-to-stop system with a stall to stop means and/or slowdown to idle means interconnected to a plurality of interchangeable and integrable sensors for speed, navigation, brakes, electrical, computer, air, fuel, motion, locks; camera, light and video sensors allow the user to access, review and respond to network stall-to-stop systems and view the environment from a cell phone, PDA, handheld, laptop, desktop, workstation or monitoring site; an automatic/mechanical lock disabler system with a plurality of interchangeable and integrable sensors detecting for chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, explosive, contraband, perimeter, motion, tampering, temperature, breach; camera, light and video sensors allow the user to access, review and respond to network automatic/mechanical lock disabler systems and view the environment from a cell phone, PDA, handheld, laptop, desktop, workstation or monitoring site; capable of receiving and sending at least one signal of lock/unlock; wired or wireless; battery, solar or electrical; monitoring equipment and devices; communication equipment and devices; and/or biometrics to prevent entry or exit of unauthorized or untrained persons, thus locking any unauthorized or untrained persons, thief or terrorist inside any of the products listed in any of the product groupings categories; and an internal automatic/mechanical lock disabler system with a plurality of interchangeable and integrable sensors detecting for chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, explosive, contraband, human, perimeter, motion, tampering, temperature, breach; camera, light and video sensors allow the user to access, review and respond to network internal automatic/mechanical lock disabler systems and view the environment from a cell phone, PDA, handheld, laptop, desktop, workstation or monitoring site; capable of receiving and sending at least one signal of lock/unlock; wired or wireless; battery, solar or electrical; monitoring equipment and devices; communication equipment and devices; and/or biometrics to prevent entry or exit of unauthorized or untrained persons, thus locking any unauthorized or untrained persons, thief or terrorist inside any of the products listed in any of the product groupings categories. 15. The internal automatic/mechanical lock disabler system of claim 14 is interconnected to the multi sensor detection system. 16. The internal automatic/mechanical lock disabler system of claim 14 is interconnected to the built-in multi sensor detection system. 17. The internal automatic/mechanical lock disabler system of claim 14. is interconnected to the cell phone detection system. 18. The internal automatic/mechanical lock disabler system of claim 14 is interconnected to the stall-to-stop system. 19. The internal automatic/mechanical lock disabler system of claim 14 is interconnected to the automatic/mechanical lock disabler system. 20. At least two of the security systems of claim 14; the multi sensor detection system; the built-in multi sensor detection system; the cell phone detection system; the stall-to-stop system; the automatic/mechanical lock disabler system; the internal automatic/mechanical lock disabler system; the communication equipment, means and devices; the monitoring equipment, means and devices; operating independent of each other or interconnected with each other; capable of communicating therebetween; operating under at least one network and under at least one central control center. 