A reflector 11 for directing solar radiation on to energy converters provided within a defined area 14. The reflector is arranged for location around said area with a lower edge 18 of the reflector positioned adjacent the periphery of said area, the reflector comprising a panel formed of a material substantially transparent to solar radiation and having a front face 24 on to which solar radiation is incident. Behind the front face, the reflector is formed to have a plurality of prismatic units 25 within which total internal reflection of radiation incident on the front face takes place. In use solar radiation incident on the front face of the reflector is reflected within the reflector by the prismatic units to be directed on to the energy converters. There is also provided a solar energy assembly for collecting and converting solar energy, which assembly comprises a substrate 13 supporting an array of energy converters 11, a frame 12 mounted on the substrate to extend around at least some or part of the energy converters, and a reflector, as described above, carried by the frame and having at least one reflecting panels arranged to reflect incident solar energy on to the converters.
Claims 1. A reflector for directing solar radiation on to energy converters provided within a defined area, which reflector is arranged for location around said area with a lower edge of the reflector positioned adjacent the periphery of said area, the reflector comprising a panel formed of a material substantially transparent to solar radiation and having a front face on to which solar radiation is incident, and behind the front face the reflector is formed to have a plurality of prismatic units within which total internal reflection of radiation incident on the front face takes place whereby in use solar radiation incident on the front face of the reflector is reflected within the reflector by the prismatic units to be directed on to the energy converters. 2. A reflector as claimed in claim 1, wherein each prismatic unit comprises a rib of substantially triangular cross-sectional shape extending across the panel. 3. A reflector as claimed in claim 2, wherein each rib has an included angle of substantially 90.degree. between the flanks defining the rib. 4. A reflector as claimed in claim 2, wherein each rib extends from the lower edge of the panel to an opposed upper edge of the panel. 5. A reflector as claimed in claim 4, wherein each rib extends in alignment with a perpendicular to said defined area. 6. A reflector as claimed in claim 1, wherein the reflector comprises a plurality of generally rectangular main panels each having a lower edge for locating adjacent said area, each main panel also having a pair of side edges extending from and generally normal to the associated lower edge and each main panel flaring outwardly from said area, and a plurality of secondary panels each having an adjacent pair of first edges meeting at a lower corner adapted to locate at the junction between the lower edges of two adjacent main panels with the first edges of the secondary panels substantially mating with the side edges of the two adjacent main panels. 7. A reflector as claimed in claim 6, wherein the main panels flare outwardly at an angle within the range of 55.degree. to 65.degree. relative to a perpendicular from the plane of the frame. 8. A reflector as claimed in claim 7, wherein the main panels flare outwardly at an angle of substantially 60.degree. relative to a perpendicular from the plane of the frame. 9. A reflector as claimed in claim 1, wherein each panel is formed of an optically transparent plastics material. 10. A solar energy assembly for collecting and converting solar energy, which assembly comprises a substrate supporting an array of energy converters, a frame mounted on the substrate to extend around at least some or part of the energy converters, and a reflector, as claimed in claim 1, carried by the frame and having at least one reflecting panels arranged to reflect incident solar energy on to the converters. 11. (canceled) 12. A solar energy assembly as claimed in claim 10, wherein there is at least one releasable clip which secures the reflector to the frame. 13. (canceled) 14. A solar energy assembly as claimed in claims 10, wherein the frame is of generally rectangular shape. 15. A solar energy assembly as claimed in claim 12, wherein there is provided a releasable clip at each corner region of the frame. 16. A solar energy assembly as claimed in claim 12, wherein each clip comprises a resiliently flexible catch member mounted on one of the frame and reflector and having a catch surface engageable with a lug projecting from the other of the frame and reflector. 17. A solar energy assembly as claimed in claim 16, wherein the catch member has a ramp surface engageable by the lug on moving the reflector into engagement with the frame whereby the catch member is deflected sufficiently to allow the lug to move behind the catch surface so as to be held by the catch member. 18. A solar energy assembly as claimed in claim 10, wherein the array of energy converters comprises an array of photovoltaic cells. 19. A solar energy assembly as claimed in claim 18, wherein the substrate supports a plurality of similar arrays of photovoltaic cells and there is provided a plurality of frames each surrounding a respective array and having associated therewith a respective reflector. 20. (canceled) 21. (canceled) 22. A solar energy assembly as claimed in claim 10, wherein the frame wholly surrounds the or each array of energy converters. 23. A solar energy assembly as claimed in claim 10, wherein the frame is provided with a plurality of bores extending perpendicularly to the plane of the frame and fasteners extend through those bores into the substrate thereby to mount the frame on the substrate. 24. A solar energy assembly as claimed in claim 10, wherein there is further provided a tracking assembly to move the substrate and supported components relative to a mounting. 25. A solar energy assembly as claimed in claim 24, wherein the tracking assembly comprises a crank, a first linear actuator connected to the mounting and the crank and a second linear actuator connected to the crank and the solar panel, whereby linear extension and/or contraction of one or both actuators causes rotational movement of the panel relative to the mounting about a first axis. 26. (canceled) 27. (canceled) 28. (canceled) 29. (canceled) 30. (canceled) 31. (canceled) 32. (canceled) 33. (canceled) 34. A solar energy assembly for collecting and converting solar energy, which assembly comprises a substrate supporting an array of energy converters, a frame mounted on the substrate to extend around at least some or part of the energy converters, and a reflector carried by the frame and having a plurality of reflecting panels arranged to reflect incident solar energy on to the converters, the reflector being releasably supported by the frame so as to be readily separable therefrom. 