A portable electronic device carrier supports and protects a portable electronic device while providing power to the device. The carrier is configured to house various portable electronic devices such as smart phones, cell phones, PDAs, tablets or the like. The carrier may comprise a foldable structure comprising two flaps or panels. One or more solar panels, batteries or both may provide power to a portable electronic device via a charging port that engages an interface of the portable electronic device. The carrier may include one or more retractable legs which support its panels relative to one another such that the portable electronic device may be held at various positions or angles which are well suited for different tasks. The carrier may include memory devices and various other ports to enhance the capabilities of the portable electronic device.
Claims 1. A portable electronic device carrier comprising: a foldable structure comprising a first panel and a second panel, wherein the first panel and second panel are rotatable between a closed position and one or more open positions relative to one another, whereby, in the closed position, an interior side of the first panel is adjacent an interior side of the second panel; an interior recess in at least one of the two panels configured to accept the portable electronic device therein; an exterior surface comprising the exterior side of the first panel and the exterior side of the second panel; one or more solar panels mounted to the exterior surface; at least one charging port at the interior recess and electrically coupled to the one or more solar panels, the at least one charging port configured to provide electricity to the portable electronic device; and one or more retractable legs mounted to the exterior surface, the one or more retractable legs configured to extend and retract from the exterior surface. 2. The portable electronic device carrier of claim 1, wherein at least one of the one or more retractable legs is mounted to the exterior surface at the proximal end of the second panel. 3. The portable electronic device carrier of claim 1, wherein at least one of the one or more retractable legs is mounted to the exterior surface at the distal end of the second panel. 4. The portable electronic device carrier of claim 1, wherein the one or more retractable legs are each mounted within a recess in the exterior surface. 5. The portable electronic device carrier of claim 1, wherein the one or more retractable legs are rotatably mounted to the exterior surface such that the one or more retractable legs may rotate from a retracted position wherein the one or more retractable legs are adjacent the exterior surface and to an extended position wherein the one or more retractable legs extend outward from the exterior surface. 6. The portable electronic device carrier of claim 1, wherein the at least one charging port is positioned at a wall of the interior recess such that the at least one charging port is automatically coupled with an interface of the portable electronic device as the portable electronic device is inserted into the interior recess. 7. The portable electronic device carrier of claim 1 further comprising a audio and video output device coupled to the interface of the portable electronic device via the at least one charging port, the audio and video output device configured to accept audio and video signals from the PED and generate output a digital audio and video signals therefrom that conforms to the HDMI standard. 8. A portable electronic device carrier comprising: a first panel configured to cover a first side of the portable electronic device; a second panel comprising a raised peripheral portion to form a recess for accepting a second side of the portable electronic device; one or more rotatable mounts attaching the first panel to the second panel, wherein the first panel and second panel are rotatable relative to one another via the one or more rotatable mounts; one or more solar panels mounted to an exterior side of the first panel; at least one charging port at the recess and electrically coupled to the one or more solar panels, the at least one charging port configured to provide electricity to the portable electronic device; and one or more externally accessible data ports, at least one of the one or more externally accessible data ports electrically coupled to the charging port to communicate data with the portable electronic device. 9. The portable electronic device carrier of claim 8 further comprising one or more retractable legs mounted to an exterior side of the second panel. 10. The portable electronic device carrier of claim 8 further comprising one or more retractable legs mounted to an exterior side of the second panel at a proximal end of the second panel. 11. The portable electronic device carrier of claim 8 further comprising one or more retractable legs mounted to an exterior side of the second panel at a distal end of the second panel. 12. The portable electronic device carrier of claim 8 further comprising a memory device configured to store data, the memory device in electrical communication with at least one of the one or more externally accessible data ports. 13. The portable electronic device carrier of claim 8, wherein the one or more externally accessible data ports are data ports selected from the group consisting of an HDMI port, USB port, memory card reader, optical data port, and electrical power port. 14. The portable electronic device carrier of claim 8, wherein the exterior side of the first panel has a recess and wherein the one or more solar panels are mounted within the recess. 15. A method for supporting and powering a portable electronic device with a portable electronic device carrier comprising: providing a foldable structure comprising a first panel and a second panel wherein the first panel and second panel are rotatable between a closed position and one or more open positions relative to one another, whereby, in the closed position, an interior side of the first panel is adjacent an interior side of the second panel; forming an interior recess in at least one of the two panels, the interior recess configured to accept the portable electronic device therein; mounting one or more solar panels to an exterior surface of at least one of the two panels; providing at least one charging port at the interior recess; electrically coupling the at least one charging port to the one or more solar panels; and mounting one or more retractable legs to the exterior surface of at least one of the two panels, the one or more retractable legs configured to extend and retract from the exterior surface. 16. The method of claim 15 further comprising: extending at least one of the one or more retractable legs; and moving the at least one of the one or more retractable legs such that both ends of the at least one of the one or more retractable legs are in contact with at least one of the two panels, wherein the at least one of the one or more retractable legs hold the two panels at a fixed position relative to one another. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein moving the at least one of the one or more retractable legs comprises rotating the first panel relative to the second panel such that the first panel and the second panel are in a non-parallel angle relative to one another. 18. The method of claim 16, wherein extending the at least one of the one or more retractable legs comprises extending a retractable leg at a proximal end of at least one of the two panels to hold the two panels at a first open position relative to one another. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein extending the at least one of the one or more retractable legs comprises extending a retractable leg at a distal end of at least one of the two panels to hold the two panels at a second open position relative to one another, the second open position distinct from the first open position. 20. The method of claim 15 further comprising communicating data with a memory device from the portable electronic device via the at least one charging port, the memory device mounted to at least one of the two panels. 