A rules-based computer implemented design system stored on servers and databases of a facilitating entity is disclosed. The system includes selection by a user at a first location of a scaled floor plan template within a user defined building site The selected floor plan template is rendered as a scaled computer generated graphical representation of the floor plan template. The graphical representation is output on to media at a second location remote from the first location. The graphical representation is tailored to the geographic location of the building site and of meteorological data and local government rules are stored on the databases of the facilitating entity at the second location.
Claims 1. A rules-based computer implemented design system stored on servers and databases of a facilitating entity; said system including selection by a user at a first location, of a scaled floor plan template within user defined building site boundaries; said selected floor plan template rendered as a scaled computer generated graphical representation of said floor plan template on said user defined building site; said representation output on media at a second location remote from said first location; said graphical representation tailored to a geographic location of said building site and with application of meteorological data and local government rules stored on said databases of said facilitating entity at said second location. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein a said scaled selected floor plan template is selected from a plurality of floor plan templates; said plurality of floor plan templates stored on servers and databases maintained by said facilitating entity. 3. The system of claim 2 wherein a first selection of a first set of floor plan templates is made from said plurality of floor plan templates according to a first set of input data entered by a said user into interface screens made available to a said user by said facilitating entity over a communication system known as the Internet; said first set of input data relating to geographic location of a nominated said user defined building site. 4. The system of claim 3 wherein said system generates derived data from said first set of input data; said derived data including meteorological, solar radiation and solar orientation data; said derived data combined with said local government rules stored on said databases of said facilitating entity; said derived data and said local government rules determining said first set of floor plan templates. 5. The system of claim 4 wherein a second selection of a second set of floor plan templates is made from said first set of floor plan templates according to a second set of input data entered by said user into said interface screens; said second set of input data including sizes and orientation of said user defined building site. 6. The system of claim 5 wherein said system generates derived data from said second set of input data; said derived data including cooling and heating requirements with reference to architectural and energy efficiency rules stored on databases of said facilitating entity. 7. The system of claim 5 wherein said second set of input data includes number of rooms to be provided in floor plan templates of said second set of floor plan templates. 8. The system of claim 5 wherein said second set of input data includes requirement of a family room provision in floor plan templates of said second set of floor plan templates. 9. The system of claim 5 wherein said second set of input data includes requirement of en-suite provision with a main bedroom in floor plan templates of said second set of floor plan templates. 10. The system of any one of claims 5 to 9 wherein said second set of floor plan templates is made available by said facilitating entity for display on a said user's computer monitor; said user selecting at least one final floor plan template for output processing by said facilitating entity. 11. The system of claim 10 wherein said facilitating entity outputs to media a scaled representation said at least one final selected floor plan template from said second set of floor plan templates; said selected floor plan template represented to scale on a scaled representation of said user defined building site. 12. The system of claim 11 wherein said media includes a paper copy printed from said facilitating entity's printer. 13. A method of providing a selection of suitable floor plan templates for a building on a user defined building site; said method including the steps of: a. establishing a design system stored on servers and databases maintained by a facilitating entity, b. including in said design system a rules management system, c. further including in said design system a plurality of floor plan templates, d. providing, by means of the Internet, access by users to data input screens at a first or user's location, and e. wherein selected ones of said selection of suitable floor plan templates are output to media at said facilitating entity's printer at a second location remote from said first location. 14. The method of claim 13 wherein input to said design system by said user includes location, size and orientation of said user defined building site. 15. The method of claim 13 or 14 wherein input data entered into said interface screens by a said user is combined by said design system with rules maintained by said facilitating entity in databases of said system; said data and said rules determining said selection of suitable floor plan templates from said plurality of floor plan templates. 16. The method of claim 15 wherein said rules include local government rules relating to buildings applicable in said location. 17. The method of claim 15 wherein said rules include general architectural building guidelines. 18. The method of claim 15 wherein said rules include energy efficiency guidelines. 19. The method of claim 13 wherein output to a said user's computer includes at least scaled representations of selected floor plan templates shown within boundaries of said user defined building site; said output available from said facilitating entity. 20. A computer readable medium incorporating code executable to perform the method of claim 13. 21. A computer readable medium incorporating code executable to effect the system of claim 1. 22. Computer-readable media including instructions to effect a rules-based computer implemented design system stored on servers and databases of a facilitating entity; said system including selection by a user at a first location, of a scaled floor plan template within user defined building site boundaries; said selected floor plan template rendered as a scaled computer generated graphical representation of said floor plan template on said user defined building site; said representation output on media at a second location remote from said first location; said graphical representation tailored to a geographic location of said building site and with application of meteorological data and local government rules stored on said databases of said facilitating entity at said second location. 