A solar thermal panel includes an integrally formed base including a rectangular bottom, four walls, four corners, and a top lip. Four corner brackets each have a leg portion coupled to adjacent walls and a foot portion extending outwardly from the leg portion. A spacer is disposed atop the top lip and a cover is disposed atop the spacer. A trim strip has a first leg that abuts a top edge of the corner bracket and a second leg that overlaps an outer edge of the cover. A layer of sealant is disposed within a space at least partially defined by the trim strip, the cover, the spacer, and the top lip. Parallel supply and return headers extend through an enclosure defined at least partially by the base and the cover, and a plurality of fin-tubes extend between the supply and return headers.
Claims 1. A solar thermal panel, comprising: an integrally formed base including a substantially rectangular bottom portion, four walls, four corners, and a top lip; four corner brackets, each corner bracket having a leg portion coupled to adjacent walls and a foot portion extending outwardly from the leg portion; a spacer disposed atop the top lip; a cover disposed atop the spacer; a trim strip having a first leg that abuts a top edge of the corner bracket and a second leg that overlaps an outer edge of the cover; an adhesive sealant disposed within a space defined at least partially by the trim strip, the cover, the spacer, and the top lip, the adhesive sealant configured to seal and secure the cover to the base; a supply header and a return header disposed substantially parallel to one another and extending through an enclosure defined at least partially by the base and the cover; and a plurality of fin-tubes extending between the supply header and the return header. 2. The solar thermal panel of claim 1 wherein the fin-tubes comprise a tube coupled to the headers at a location offset from an axial centerline of the headers. 3. The solar thermal panel of claim 1 wherein the corner brackets are staked to adjacent walls with a sealant disposed at least partially therebetween. 4. The solar thermal panel of claim 3 wherein the foot portion of the corner bracket comprises at least one slot configured to permit at least part of the foot portion to be bent to accommodate attachment to a support member. 5. The solar thermal panel of claim 4 wherein the sealant between the corner brackets and the walls provides thermal insulation to minimize transfer of heat from the panel to the support member. 6. The solar thermal panel of claim 1 wherein the cover comprises a glass panel. 7. The solar thermal panel of claim 1 wherein the height of the leg portion of the corner brackets and the height of the first leg of the trim strip and the height of the spacer and the height of the top lip are configured to secure the cover at a predetermined and substantially uniform height above the fin-tubes. 8. The solar thermal panel of claim 1 further comprising a layer of thermal insulation disposed along the inside of the walls and having a top edge that defines a gap between the top edge and the top lip. 9. The solar thermal panel of claim 8 wherein an edge of a fin portion of at least one of the fin-tubes is disposed at least partially within the gap. 10. The solar thermal panel of claim 9 further comprising a substantially U-shaped edge holder disposed within the gap and about the edge of the fin portion to retain the fin portion at a predetermined clearance from the cover. 11. The solar thermal panel of claim 1 further comprising a plurality of spacers disposed on the fins within a central region of the panel and configured to maintain a predefined clearance between the fins and the cover. 12. The solar thermal panel of claim 1 wherein the ends of the supply and return headers extend at least partially through an aperture in the corner brackets. 13. The solar thermal panel of claim 12 further comprising resilient collars disposed within the aperture in the corner brackets and supporting the ends of the supply and return headers. 14. The solar thermal panel of claim 1 wherein the supply and return headers are disposed closely adjacent to opposite walls of the base, and wherein a fin portion of the fin-tubes extends over the supply and return headers to maximize a solar collection surface area of the fin-tubes. 15. A solar thermal panel, comprising: an integrally formed base including a substantially rectangular bottom portion, four walls, four corners, and a top lip; a spacer disposed atop the top lip; a cover disposed atop the spacer; a supply header and a return header disposed substantially parallel to one another and extending through an enclosure defined at least partially by the base and the cover; a plurality of fin-tubes extending between the supply header and the return header; a first spool piece having a first face seal flange coupled to an end of at least one the headers; a second spool piece having a second face seal flange coupled to the first spool piece; and a bellows coupled to the second spool piece. 16. The solar thermal panel of claim 15 wherein at least one of the face seal flanges includes a groove having an O-ring disposed therein and the other of the face seal flanges includes a substantially planar surface configured to compress the O-ring. 17. The solar thermal panel of claim 15 wherein at least one of the face seal flanges includes a step portion having a substantially 90 degree edge and the other of the face seal flanges includes a recess includes a bevel, so that when the step portion and recess contact one another, the edge is at least partially deformed by the bevel. 18. The solar thermal panel of claim 15 further comprising four corner brackets, each corner bracket having a leg portion coupled to adjacent walls and a foot portion extending outwardly from the leg portion. 19. The solar thermal panel of claim 18 further comprising a trim strip having a first leg that abuts a top edge of the corner bracket and a second leg that overlaps an outer edge of the cover. 20. The solar thermal panel of claim 19 further comprising a sealant disposed within a space defined at least partially by the trim strip, the cover, the spacer, and the top lip. 21. A method of making a solar thermal panel, comprising: forming a piece of sheet material into a base having a bottom, walls and a top lip; installing a thermal insulation material on the bottom and at least partially along the walls to a predetermined height that provides a gap between the insulation and the top lip; installing an edge holder at least partially within the gap; forming corner brackets having a foot portion and a leg portion; applying a sealant to an inside surface of the corner brackets and securing the corner brackets to the walls of the base; installing a fin-tube and header assembly within the base and supporting the headers within openings in the corner brackets; mounting a spacer atop the top lip; placing a cover atop the spacer; applying an adhesive sealant proximate an outer edge of the cover and extending substantially about the perimeter of the cover; installing a trim strip along the outer edge of the cover so that a bottom leg of the trim strip abuts a top surface of the corner bracket, and so that an upper leg of the trim strip overlaps the outer edge of the cover and the adhesive sealant is conformed into the space surrounding the outer edge of the cover. 22. The method of claim 21 further comprising providing a plurality of apertures in each foot portion and a slot proximate each end of the foot portions to facilitate custom-bending of the ends of the foot portions. 23. The method of claim 21 further comprising the step of fitting an edge of one or more fins of the fin-tube and header assembly into the edge bracket. 24. The method of claim 21 further comprising attaching a first spool piece with a face seal flange to an end of a header of the fin-tube and header assembly. 25. The method of claim 21 further comprising stacking a next base for a next panel atop the trim strip and assembling the next panel atop the panel while curing the adhesive sealant in the panel is curing. 