An automation technology, autarkic, field device, which is connected via two connecting terminals to an I/O module. The I/O module is embodied as a 4-20 mA/HART I/O module. The I/O module is associated with a controllable energy source via which the field device is supplied with energy. An electrical current measuring unit is provided which ascertains the electrical current supplied by the energy source. In the I/O module, internal resistors are provided, across which occurs in each case a voltage drop dependent on the flowing electrical current. A control unit is provided, which operates the energy source in such a way that a predetermined terminal voltage is supplied on the connecting terminals for powering the field device.
Claims 1-15. (canceled) 16. An automation technology, autarkic, field device connected via two connecting terminals to an I/O module; wherein the I/O module is embodied as a 4-20 mA/HART I/O module, comprising: a controllable energy source, via which the field device is supplied with energy; an electrical current measuring unit, which ascertains electrical current supplied by said controllable energy source; internal resistors across which occurs in each case a voltage drop dependent on electrical current; and a control unit, which operates said controllable energy source in such a way that a predetermined terminal voltage is supplied to the connecting terminals for powering the field device. 17. The field device as claimed in claim 16, wherein: said control unit operates said controllable energy source in such a way that it dynamically so controls the terminal voltage as a function of the electrical current flowing in each case, that, at minimum energy consumption, correct operation of the field device is assured at all times. 18. The field device as claimed in claim 16, wherein: said electrical current measuring unit includes an electrical current measuring resistor as one of said internal resistors, via which the analog 4-20 mA signal is sensed. 19. The field device as claimed in claim 16, wherein: said internal resistors include a communication resistor, via which a digital communication signal is sensed. 20. The field device as claimed in claim 16, wherein: said internal resistors include an electrical current limiting resistor, which is dimensioned in such a way that it meets requirements for use of the field device in an explosion hazard area. 21. The field device as claimed in claim 16, wherein: said I/O module is an adapter with said controllable energy source. 22. The field device as claimed in claim 16, wherein: said I/O module is a wireless adapter, which communicates with a superordinated controller or another radio field device via an associated radio unit. 23. The field device as claimed in claim 16, wherein: said predetermined terminal voltage is adjustable or fixedly predetermined. 24. The field device as claimed in claim 16, wherein: the field device is a measuring device for determining and/or monitoring a process variable, an actuator for influencing a process variable, a logging device, a remote I/O, a gateway or a linking device. 25. The field device as claimed in claim 16, wherein: said control unit intermittently operates the field device and switches off, or minimizes, energy supply during a resting phase, and during an operating phase supplies said predetermined terminal voltage for powering the field device. 26. The field device as claimed in claim 16, wherein: said control unit selectively switches the communication resistor of said internal resistors and the electrical current measurement resistor of said internal resistors in and out. 27. The field device as claimed in claim 16, wherein: said control unit shunts the communication resistor of said internal resistors and the electrical current measuring resistor of said internal resistors during the start-up of the field device until the field device is ready for operation. 28. The field device as claimed in claim 16, wherein: said control unit continuously shunts the communication resistor of said internal resistors when the field device is supplying an analog 4-20 mA signal. 29. The field device as claimed in claim 16, wherein: said control unit continuously shunts the electrical current measuring resistor of said internal resistors when the field device is supplying a digital communication signal on the basis of the HART protocol. 30. The field device as claimed in claim 16, wherein: said energy source is a disposable battery, a fuel cell, a solar cell or a rechargeable battery. 