A concentrated solar radiation assembly comprising a housing divided into segments by housing trusses; window blocks positioned within the segments supported by the housing trusses; and, internal trusses positioned on top of the window blocks and within the segments. The assembly may be hermetically sealed, large-scale and refrigerated by water flow within the trusses.
Claims 1. A concentrated solar radiation assembly comprising: a housing divided into segments by hollow housing trusses; window blocks positioned within the segments supported by the housing trusses; and, hollow internal trusses positioned on top of the window blocks and inside the segments, wherein the hollow housing trusses and internal trusses define cooling flow paths for cooling the structure. 2. The concentrated solar radiation assembly of claim 1, wherein the assembly is hermetically sealed. 3. The concentrated solar radiation assembly of claim 1, wherein the housing comprises an outer annular flange for mounting to the solar radiation assembly. 4. The concentrated solar radiation assembly of claim 1, wherein the housing trusses extend across the housing and intersect each other. 5. The concentrated solar radiation assembly of claim 1, wherein the shape of the housing trusses withstands high mechanical load. 6. The concentrated solar radiation assembly of claim 1, wherein the housing trusses are shaped to support the internal trusses and fix the internal trusses in place. 7. The concentrated solar radiation assembly of claim 1, wherein the shape of the window segments is selected from the group consisting of round, square, rectangular, hexagonal or combinations thereof. 8. The concentrated solar radiation assembly of claim 1, wherein the flow paths are in a longitudinal direction. 9. The concentrated solar radiation assembly of claim 1, further comprising gaskets supported by the housing trusses positioned between the housing trusses and the window blocks. 10. The concentrated solar radiation assembly of claim 1, further comprising soft ceramic material supported by the inner trusses positioned between the inner trusses and the window blocks. 11. The concentrated solar radiation assembly of claim 1, wherein the internal trusses are connected to the housing with countersunk connecting screws. 12. The concentrated solar radiation assembly of claim 1, wherein the window has a dimension greater than or equal to 400 mm. 13. The concentrated solar radiation assembly of claim 1, wherein the window blocks are quartz glass. 