A ridge vent with powered forced air ventilation includes a ridge vent that is configured to be installed along the ridge of a roof covering an elongated ridge slot on either side of a ridge beam of the roof. Hot air from the attic below escapes by convection through the ridge slot and is expelled to ambient atmosphere through the ridge vent. A blower is mounted in a blower opening formed at a predetermined location along the ridge vent on one side of the ridge beam. The blower includes a blower housing forming an inlet within the attic and an outlet oriented to force air upwardly through the vent slot to be expelled through the ridge vent. A pair of baffles are hingedly secured to the housing adjacent its outlet and can be hinged up for dropping the blower through the blower opening during installation, and then hinged down and attached to a roof deck covering the blower opening and a portion of the ridge slot on the other side of the ridge beam. The baffles secure the blower and help to isolate its outlet from the attic space below. An impeller is disposed in the housing and is driven by an electric motor, which may be driven by electricity from a solar panel, electricity from a household electrical service, or both depending upon availability of sunlight and other conditions.
Claims 1. A roof structure comprising: a ridge a plurality of roof rafters extending downwardly from the ridge at an angle; a roof deck supported by the roof rafters and bounding an attic below; a ridge slot formed in the roof deck along at least a portion of the ridge and on at least one side of the ridge; a blower opening formed at a predetermined location along the ridge slot; a blower mounted in the blower opening to one side of the ridge, the blower having an inlet disposed beneath the roof deck within the attic below and an outlet oriented to direct exhaust air away from the ridge slot; and a ridge vent covering and extending along the ridge slot; the blower, when operating, drawing air from the attic through its inlet and directing the air away from the ridge slot to be exhausted to the environment through the ridge vent. 2. The roof structure of claim 1 and wherein the blower is a tangential fan containing an internal impeller. 3. The roof structure of claim 2 and wherein the impeller is generally cylindrical. 4. The roof structure of claim 2 and wherein the impeller has a plurality of blades with ends extending about the peripheral portion of the impeller. 5. The roof structure of claim 4 and wherein the impeller has a radial direction and wherein at least some of the plurality of blades are oriented at angles with respect to the radial direction. 6. The roof structure of claim 5 and wherein the angle is between about zero degrees and about ninety degrees. 7. The roof structure of claim 6 and wherein the angle is about sixty degrees. 8. The roof structure of claim 1 and further comprising at least one baffle disposed about the outlet of the blower. 9. The roof structure of claim 8 and wherein the at least one baffle comprises a pair of baffles on either side of the outlet of the blower, the baffles together substantially surrounding the outlet to isolate the outlet at least partially from the attic below. 10. The roof structure of claim 9 and wherein each baffle is movably attached to the blower adjacent the outlet. 11. The roof structure of claim 9 and wherein the baffles are sized to cover the ridge slot and the blower opening in the vicinity of the blower. 12. The roof structure of claim 11 and wherein the baffles are secured to the roof deck. 13. The roof structure of claim 1 and wherein the blower contains at least one impeller disposed at an angle between about zero degrees and about ninety degrees with respect to the ridge beam. 14. The roof structure of claim 13 and further comprising two impellers contained within the blower. 15. The roof structure of claim 14 and wherein the two impellers are disposed at different angles with respect to the ridge beam. 16. The roof structure of claim 13 and wherein the impeller is disposed generally between a pair of roof rafters. 17. The roof structure of claim 13 and wherein the impeller is disposed generally below the roof rafters. 18. The roof structure of claim 1 and wherein the blower opening is longer than the blower. 19. The roof structure of claim 1 and wherein the blower opening is shorter than the blower. 20. The roof structure of claim 1 and wherein the blower is powered by an electric motor and the electric motor can be driven by a source of power selected from the group consisting essentially of a source of solar power, a ganged source of solar power, household electric service, or combinations thereof. 21. The roof structure of claim 1 and further comprising a ridge beam extending along the ridge, the roof rafters extending downwardly from the ridge beam. 22. The roof structure of claim 21 and wherein the blower is mounted to one side of the ridge beam. 23. A method of ventilating an attic space below a gable roof having a roof ridge, the method comprising the steps of; (a) forming a ridge slot along the roof ridge communicating with the attic space; (b) forming a blower opening at a predetermined location along the ridge slot on one side of the roof ridge; (c) mounting a blower within the blower opening with the blower configured to draw air from the attic space through a blower inlet and exhaust the air away from the ridge slot through a blower outlet; (d) covering the ridge slot and the blower with a ridge vent; and (e) operating the blower to exhaust attic air through the ridge vent. 24. The method of claim 23 and wherein the roof includes a ridge beam extending along the roof ridge and where in step (b) the blower opening is formed on one side of the ridge beam. 25. The method of claim 23 and wherein step (c) comprises lowering the blower through the blower opening and securing the blower in place. 26. The method of claim 23 and further comprising the step of disposing at least one baffle about the blower outlet with the baffle at least partially covering the blower opening and the ridge slot to isolate the blower outlet at least partially from the attic space. 27. The method of claim 26 and wherein the at least one baffle is mounted to the blower and wherein step (c) comprises lowering the blower into the blower opening and attaching the at least one baffle to the roof deck. 28. A roof structure comprising: a roof deck sloping downwardly from a roof ridge; a ridge slot formed in the roof deck extending at least partially along and to either side of the roof ridge; a tangential fan mounted at a predetermined location along the ridge slot and to one side of the roof ridge; the tangential fan containing at least one elongated impeller and having an inlet beneath the roof deck and an outlet configured to direct air away from the ridge slot; and a ridge vent extending along and covering the ridge slot; the fan, when operated, drawing in air from an attic space below the roof deck and exhausting the air through the ridge vent. 29. The roof structure of claim 28 and further comprising a blower opening formed at the predetermined location along the ridge slot and wherein the tangential fan is mounted in the blower opening. 30. The roof structure of claim 28 and further comprising at least one baffle disposed around the outlet of the tangential fan and at least partially covering the ridge slot in the vicinity of the fan to isolate the outlet from an attic space below the roof deck. 31. The roof structure of claim 30 and wherein the at least one baffle is mounted to the tangential fan adjacent the outlet and is secured to the roof deck to fix the tangential fan in place. 32. The roof structure of claim 28 and where the at least one impeller comprises two or more impellers. 33. The roof structure of claim 28 and further comprising a ridge beam extending along the roof ridge and wherein the tangential fan is mounted to one side of the ridge beam. 