A ground-based system that provides quasi real-time measurement and collection of snow-water equivalent (SWE) data in remote settings is provided. The disclosed invention is significantly less expensive and easier to deploy than current methods and less susceptible to terrain and snow bridging effects. Embodiments of the invention include remote data recovery solutions. Compared to current infrastructure using existing SWE technology, the disclosed invention allows more SWE sites to be installed for similar cost and effort, in a greater variety of terrain; thus, enabling data collection at improved spatial resolutions. The invention integrates a novel computational architecture with new sensor technologies. The invention's computational architecture is based on wireless sensor networks, comprised of programmable, low-cost, low-powered nodes capable of sophisticated sensor control and remote data communication. The invention also includes measuring attenuation of electromagnetic radiation, an approach that is immune to snow bridging and significantly reduces sensor footprints.
Claims 1. An apparatus for determining snow-water equivalence for snow pack monitoring, the apparatus comprising: at least one wireless mote, wherein the wireless mote comprises: at least one processor; at least one random access memory (RAM); at least one flash memory unit; a communicator for wirelessly communicating; at least one gamma ray detector for measuring ambient gamma ray attenuation due to snowpack water content, wherein the at least one gamma ray detector is connectable to the wireless mote. 2. The apparatus as in claim 1 further comprising: at least one microwave source; and at least one microwave detector paired with the at least one microwave source, wherein the at least one microwave source and the at least one microwave detector are connectable to the at least one wireless mote. 3. The apparatus as in claim 2 wherein the at least one microwave source comprises: at least one 2.4 GHz microwave source; at least one 2.4 GHz microwave detector; at least one 5.1 GHz microwave source; and at least one 5.1 GHz microwave detector. 4. The apparatus as in claim 1, further comprising at least one ultrasonic transducer for measuring snowpack height, wherein the at least one ultrasonic transducer is connectable to the at least one wireless mote. 5. The apparatus as in claim 1, further comprising at least one snowpack temperature device, wherein the at least one snowpack temperature device is connectable to the at least one wireless mote. 6. The apparatus as in claim 1, further comprising a photovoltaic energy converter, wherein the photovoltaic energy converter is connectable to the at least one wireless mote. 7. A method for distributive snowpack monitoring, the method comprising: determining a first snow water equivalent data package, wherein determining the first snow water equivalent data package comprises: measuring in situ snowpack temperature data at a first location; determining if the measured in situ snowpack temperature data exceeds a predetermined temperature threshold; measuring in situ snowpack height data at the first location; determining if the measured in situ snowpack height data exceeds a predetermined height threshold; measuring snowpack in situ microwave attenuation at the first location; determining if the measured snowpack in situ microwave attenuation exceeds a predetermined microwave attenuation threshold; and measuring snowpack in situ gamma ray attenuation at the first location. 8. The method as in claim 7 further comprising: determining a second snow water equivalent data package, wherein determining the second snow water equivalent data package comprises: measuring second in situ snowpack temperature data at a second location; determining if the measured second in situ snowpack temperature data exceeds a predetermined temperature threshold; measuring second in situ snowpack height data at the second location; determining if the second measured in situ snowpack height data exceeds a predetermined height threshold; measuring second snowpack in situ microwave attenuation at the second location; determining if the measured second snowpack in situ microwave attenuation exceeds a predetermined microwave attenuation threshold; and measuring second snowpack in situ gamma ray attenuation at the second location. 9. The method as in claim 8 further comprising: collecting the first snow water equivalent data package; collecting the second snow water equivalent data package; and analyzing the first and second snow water equivalent data packages for snow water equivalence. 10. The method as in claim 9 further wherein collecting the first and second snow water equivalent data packages further comprises remotely collecting the first and second snow water equivalent data packages. 11. The method as in claim 7 wherein determining if the measured second in situ snowpack temperature data exceeds a predetermined temperature threshold further comprises correlating the predetermined temperature threshold with available power. 12. The method as in claim 7 wherein determining if the measured in situ snowpack height data exceeds a predetermined height threshold further comprises correlating the predetermined height threshold with available power. 13. The method as in claim 7 wherein determining if the measured snowpack in situ microwave attenuation exceeds a predetermined microwave attenuation threshold further comprises correlating the predetermined microwave attenuation threshold with available power. 14. An apparatus for determining snow-water equivalence for snow pack monitoring, the apparatus comprising: at least one wireless mote, wherein the wireless mote comprises: at least one processor; at least one random access memory (RAM); at least one flash memory unit; a communicator for wirelessly communicating; a program storage device readable by the mote, tangibly embodying a program of instructions executable by the mote to perform a method for collecting sensor data, managing power requirements, wireless transmitting sensor data, receiving control data; at least one gamma ray detector for measuring ambient gamma ray attenuation due to snowpack water content, wherein the at least one gamma ray detector is connectable to the wireless mote. a 2.4 GHz microwave source; a 2.4 GHz microwave detector paired with the 2.4 GHz microwave source, wherein the a 2.4 GHz microwave source and the 2.4 GHz microwave detector are connectable to the at least one wireless mote; a 5.1 GHz microwave source; and a 5.1 GHz microwave detector paired with the 5.1 GHz microwave source, wherein the a 5.1 GHz microwave source and the 5.1 GHz microwave detector are connectable to the at least one wireless mote. 15. The apparatus as in claim 14 wherein the at least one gamma ray detector comprises a cadmium zinc telluride (CZT) gamma ray detector. 16. The apparatus as in claim 14, further comprising an ultrasonic transducer for measuring snowpack height, wherein the ultrasonic transducer is connectable to the at least one wireless mote. 17. The apparatus as in claim 14 further comprising at least one snowpack temperature gauge. 18. The apparatus as in claim 14 further comprising at least one solar cell connectable to the wireless mote. 