In one embodiment of the invention, there is provided a solar reflector assembly comprising a corrugated support structure and a reflector panel. The support structure includes a plurality of support panels each having a generally U or V-shaped cross-section. The support panels are interlocked and connected to a lower facing surface of the reflector panel which is designed to reflect and concentrate light energy. The solar reflector assembly of this embodiment may further comprises a solar absorber in the form of a pipe and/or including photovoltaic strip for collecting the concentrated the light energy.
Claims 1-24. (canceled) 25. A method of constructing a solar reflector assembly, said method comprising the steps of: roll forming from strip metal a plurality of support panels each having at least one adjacent ridge and groove; interconnecting adjacent of the support panels to form a corrugated support structure; and mounting a reflector panel to the support structure whereby its reflective surface is configured to reflect and concentrate light energy. 26. The method as claimed in claim 25 wherein the roll forming is cold roll forming. 27. The method as claimed in claim 25 further comprising, prior to the step of mounting the reflector panel, the step of roll forming the reflector panel to include the reflective surface. 28. The method as claimed in claim 27 wherein the step of roll forming the reflector panel includes cold roll forming sheet metal to include a parabolic shaped reflective surface having a linear focal region. 29. The method as claimed in claim 25 also comprising the step of mounting a solar absorber to the reflector panel and/or the corrugated support structure for collecting the concentrated light energy. 30. The method as claimed in claim 29 wherein the step of mounting the solar absorber includes the step of locating the solar absorber at or near the linear focal region. 31. A solar reflector assembly comprising: a corrugated support structure including a plurality of support panels each roll formed from strip metal and having at least one adjacent ridge and groove with adjacent of the support panels being interconnected; and a reflector panel supported by the corrugated support structure and designed to reflect and concentrate light energy. 32. The solar reflector assembly as claimed in claim 31 wherein the support panels are each elongate having a generally U or V-shaped trapezoidal-shaped cross-section formed by a pair of inclined side flanges interconnected by an intermediate web. 33. The solar reflector assembly as claimed in claim 32 wherein the plurality of support panels are held together by interlocking the side flanges of adjacent support panels. 34. The solar reflector assembly as claimed in claim 31 wherein the reflector panel includes a curved reflective surface of a parabolic shape having a linear focal region. 35. The solar reflector assembly as claimed in claim 34 wherein the support structure also includes a plurality of transverse ribs each having a curved edge connected to an upper facing surface of the reflector panel and shaped to promote the parabolic shape of the curved reflective surface. 36. The solar reflector assembly as claimed in claim 35 wherein the transverse ribs are equally spaced longitudinally along the reflector panel and extend transverse to the support panels with the reflector panel sandwiched between the support panels and the transverse ribs. 37. The solar reflector assembly as claimed in claim 31 further comprising a solar absorber for collecting the concentrated light energy. 38. The solar reflector assembly as claimed in claim 37 wherein the solar absorber is located at or near the linear focal region. 39. The solar reflector assembly as claimed in claim 37 wherein the solar absorber includes a solar absorber pipe adapted for a fluid to flow. 40. The solar reflector assembly as claimed in claim 39 wherein the fluid is a liquid adapted to absorb the heat reflected and concentrated by the reflector panel. 41. The solar reflector assembly as claimed in claim 40 the heat absorbed by the liquid is used to generate electricity. 42. The solar reflector assembly as claimed in claim 37 wherein the solar absorber includes a photovoltaic material adapted to absorb the light energy reflected and concentrated by the reflector panel. 43. The solar reflector assembly as claimed in claim 42 wherein the light energy absorbed by the photovoltaic material is used to generate electricity. 44. The solar reflector assembly as claimed in claim 42 wherein the photovoltaic material forms at least part of a photovoltaic strip. 45. The solar reflector assembly as claimed in claim 42 also comprising support plates connected to respective ends and/or intermediate sections of the elongate support panels. 46. The solar reflector assembly as claimed in claim 45 wherein at least one of the support plates is pivotally mounted to a support pedestal and operatively coupled to drive means for rotating the reflector panel for tracking of the sun's movement. 47. The solar reflector assembly as claimed in claim 45 wherein at least one of the support plates is connected to an actuator hoop which is operatively coupled to drive means for rotating the reflector panel. 