A photovoltaic array cable bus system can include a cable bus and at least one electrical connector.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic cartridge comprising: a first photovoltaic module comprising a first conductor electrically connected to a first terminal of a first polarity of the first photovoltaic module, the first conductor including a first conductor clip end; a second photovoltaic module comprising a second conductor electrically connected to a second terminal of the first polarity of the second photovoltaic module, the second conductor including a second conductor clip end; and a cartridge clip comprising a body, a first mating connector electrically connected to the first conductor clip end, and a second mating connector electrically connected to the second conductor clip end. 2. The photovoltaic cartridge of claim 1, wherein the cartridge clip is configured to mate to a corresponding cable bus clip to electrically connect the first conductor and the second conductor to a cable bus. 3. The photovoltaic cartridge of claim 1, further comprising: a third conductor electrically connected to a first terminal of a second polarity of the first photovoltaic module, which is opposite of the first polarity, wherein the third conductor includes a third conductor clip end; a fourth conductor electrically connected to a second terminal of the second polarity of the second photovoltaic module, wherein the fourth conductor includes a fourth conductor clip end; and a second cartridge clip comprising a body, a third mating connector electrically connected to the third conductor clip end, and a fourth mating connector electrically connected to the fourth conductor clip end. 4. The photovoltaic module cartridge of claim 1, further comprising: a third photovoltaic module comprising a third conductor electrically connected to a first terminal of a second polarity of the third photovoltaic module, wherein the third conductor includes a third conductor clip end; a fourth photovoltaic module comprising a fourth conductor electrically connected to a second terminal of the second polarity of the fourth photovoltaic module, wherein the fourth conductor includes a fourth conductor clip end; and a second cartridge clip comprising a body, a third mating connector electrically connected to the third conductor clip, and a fourth mating connector electrically connected to the fourth conductor clip end. 5. The photovoltaic module cartridge of claim 4, wherein the first photovoltaic module and third photovoltaic module are connected in series. 6. The photovoltaic module cartridge of claim 4, wherein the second photovoltaic module and fourth photovoltaic module are connected in series. 7. The photovoltaic module cartridge of claim 6, wherein the series connection between the first photovoltaic module and the third photovoltaic module comprises a fifth photovoltaic module connected in series. 8. A photovoltaic array comprising: a first photovoltaic cartridge comprising: a first photovoltaic module comprising a first conductor electrically connected to a first terminal of a first polarity of the first photovoltaic module, the first conductor including a first conductor clip end; a second photovoltaic module comprising a second conductor electrically connected to a second terminal of the first polarity of the second photovoltaic module, the second conductor including a second conductor clip end; and a cartridge clip comprising a body, a first mating connector electrically connected to the first conductor clip end, and a second mating connector electrically connected to the second conductor clip end; a second photovoltaic cartridge comprising: a third photovoltaic module comprising a third conductor electrically connected to a first terminal of a second polarity of the third photovoltaic module, wherein the third conductor includes a third conductor clip end; a fourth photovoltaic module comprising a fourth conductor electrically connected to a second terminal of the second polarity of the fourth photovoltaic module, wherein the fourth conductor includes a fourth conductor clip end; and a second cartridge clip comprising a body, a third mating connector electrically connected to the third conductor clip, and a fourth mating connector electrically connected to the fourth conductor clip end; wherein the first cartridge clip is mated to the second cartridge clip to connect in series the first photovoltaic module with the third photovoltaic module and to connect in series the second photovoltaic module to the fourth photovoltaic module. 9. The photovoltaic array of claim 11, further comprising: a first plurality of conductors each electrically connected to a photovoltaic module terminal of the second polarity in the first photovoltaic cartridge; a third cartridge clip comprising a body and a plurality of mating connectors each electrically connected to one of the plurality of conductors electrically connected to a photovoltaic module terminal of the second polarity in the first photovoltaic cartridge; a second plurality of conductors each electrically connected to a photovoltaic module terminal of the first polarity in the second photovoltaic cartridge; and a fourth cartridge clip comprising a body and a plurality of mating connectors each electrically connected to one of the plurality of conductors electrically connected to a photovoltaic module terminal of the first polarity in the second photovoltaic cartridge. 10. The photovoltaic array of claim 9, further comprising a cable bus configured to be connected to the first and second photovoltaic cartridges. 11. The photovoltaic array of claim 10, wherein the cable bus comprises a first cable bus clip comprising a body and a plurality of mating connectors and configured to connect to the third cartridge clip and a second cable bus clip comprising a body and a plurality of mating connectors and configured to connect to the fourth cartridge clip, to connect the first and second photovoltaic cartridges to the cable bus. 12. The photovoltaic array of claim 11, further comprising an in-line fuse module comprising a plurality of fuses configured to be connected in-line between the first cable bus clip and the third cartridge clip. 13. The photovoltaic array of claim 11, further comprising an in-line test module comprising a plurality of indicators configured to be connected in-line between the first cable bus clip and the third cartridge clip and to indicate whether the conductors electrically connected to mating connectors in the third cartridge clip are electrically connected to the cable bus. 14. The photovoltaic array of claim 11, further comprising an in-line measuring device configured to be connected in-line between the first cable bus clip and the third cartridge clip and to measuring a current-voltage characteristic at the connection between the conductors electrically connected to mating connectors in the third cartridge clip and the cable bus. 15. The photovoltaic array of claim 14, further comprising a radio transmitter transmitting a measured current-voltage characteristic from the in-line measuring device for remote monitoring. 16. A method of constructing a photovoltaic array comprising connecting a photovoltaic cartridge to a cable bus, wherein the photovoltaic cartridge comprises a cartridge clip comprising a body and a plurality of mating connectors each electrically connected to a conductor of a first polarity. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein the step of connecting the photovoltaic cartridge to the cable bus comprises connecting the cartridge clip to a cable bus clip comprising a body and a plurality of mating connectors configured to electrically connect to the mating connectors of the cartridge clip. 18. The method of claim 17, further comprising the step of connecting a fuse module comprising a plurality of fuses in-line between the cartridge clip and the cable bus clip. 19. The method of claim 17, further comprising connecting a test module in-line between the cartridge clip and the cable bus clip, wherein the test module is configured to indicate whether the conductors electrically connected to mating connectors in the cartridge clip are electrically connected to the cable bus. 20. The method of claim 17, further comprising connecting a measuring device in-line between the cartridge clip and the cable bus clip, wherein the measuring device is configured to measure a current-voltage characteristic at the connection between the conductors electrically connected to mating connectors in the cartridge clip and the cable bus. 