A system for monitoring a state of operation of a photovoltaic panel. The system comprises a transponder for connection to the panel, wherein, when the panel is in a first state of operation, the transponder transmits an individual identifier code in response to a pre-determined received signal and wherein, when the panel is in a second state of operation, the transponder does not transmit the individual identifier code.
Claims 1. A system for monitoring a state of operation of a photovoltaic panel, characterized in that said system comprises a transponder for connection to said panel, wherein, when said panel is in a first state of operation, said transponder transmits an individual identifier code in response to a pre-determined received signal and wherein, when said panel is in a second state of operation, said transponder does not transmit said individual identifier code. 2. The system according to claim 1, wherein said panel comprises at least one photovoltaic cell and one bypass diode connected in anti-parallel with said at least one photovoltaic cell, and wherein said state of operation is determined as a function of a value identifying biasing of said bypass diode. 3. The system according to claim 2, wherein said value identifying biasing of said bypass diode is the voltage across said bypass diode. 4. The system according to claim 2, wherein said transponder is configured for: a) not transmitting said individual identifier code when the by-pass diode D.sub.B is reverse biased; b) transmitting said individual identifier code when the by-pass diode D.sub.B is forward biased; and c) transmitting said individual identifier code when the by-pass diode D.sub.B is not biased. 5. The system according to claim 1, wherein the supply of said transponder is enabled as a function of said state of operation of said panel. 6. The system according to claim 1, wherein said transponder is a passive transponder. 7. A photovoltaic system comprising a plurality of photovoltaic panels, and wherein coupled to each photovoltaic panel is a respective system for monitoring the state of operation according to claim 1. 8. A method for remote monitoring of the state of operation of a photovoltaic system according to claim 7, comprising the steps of: a) when said system is exposed to a solar radiation: transmitting said pre-determined signal to each transponder; detecting the response of each transponder; and classifying the state of operation of each panel as a function of the response received from the respective transponder. 9. The method according to claim 8, comprising the steps of: a) when said system is not exposed to a solar radiation: transmitting said pre-determined signal to each transponder; detecting the response of each transponder; and classifying the state of operation of each transponder as a function of the response received from the respective transponder. 10. A control unit for remote monitoring of the state of operation of a photovoltaic system according to claim 7, comprising a processing unit configured for implementing the method comprising the steps of: a) when said system is exposed to a solar radiation: transmitting said pre-determined signal to each transponder; detecting the response of each transponder; and classifying the state of operation of each panel as a function of the response received from the respective transponder. 