Low concentration solar plant and method for maximizing the electricity production of the photovoltaic modules thereof, that uses a combination of tracking and low concentration solar technologies for maximizing the electricity production of conventional photovoltaic modules, the system used to protect the modules being any method designed to protect photovoltaic modules from the damage they may suffer when subjected to very high intensity solar radiation. Preferably, to avoid possible damage, the invention proposes a temperature measurement and/or control system that assists a mechanism for defocusing the photovoltaic modules when said radiation reaches a predetermined level. The invention is applicable to photovoltaic solar electricity production.
Claims 1-5. (canceled) 6. Low concentration solar plant for maximizing the electricity production of the photovoltaic modules thereof characterized by the combined use of three elements: adjacent mirrors in the solar concentrator, solar tracker in two axes and system for protecting the photovoltaic modules from the damage they may suffer when storing extreme temperatures. 7. Low concentration solar plant for maximizing the electricity production of the photovoltaic modules thereof according to claim 1 characterized in that the system for protecting the photovoltaic modules consists of a system for defocusing the solar tracker having an element for monitoring the temperature which performs the measurements directly on the surface of the photovoltaic module. 8. Method for maximizing the electricity production of the photovoltaic modules of a low concentration solar plant as that described in the preceding claims characterized in that the system for protecting the photovoltaic modules carries out the following operations: measuring the temperature on the surface of the photovoltaic module, monitoring and controlling said temperatures, actuating the defocusing system if a predetermined threshold temperature that might irreversible damage the photovoltaic modules is reached. calculating on the part of the defocusing system the path that the solar tracker should follow so as to prevent non-homogeneous reflections over the photovoltaic module, and placing the module in a protection position. 