A solar module includes a plurality of serially connected photovoltaic solar cells and current connections configured to provide solar current generated by the photovoltaic solar cells and configured for connecting the solar module to at least one additional solar module. A mechanical switching contact is connected in parallel with the serially connected solar cells and a pressure actuator is connected to the switching contact. The pressure actuator is configured so as to open the switching contact against the action of a spring element in response to a control pressure above a predetermined threshold and so as to allow closure of the switching contact, by action of the spring element, in response to a control pressure below the predetermined threshold. The pressure actuator is connected to a control connection for coupling to a control pressure line.
Claims 1-6. (canceled) 7. A solar module comprising: a plurality of serially connected photovoltaic solar cells; current connections configured to provide solar current generated by the photovoltaic solar cells and to connect the solar module to at least one additional solar module; a mechanical switching contact connected in parallel with the serially connected solar cells; and a pressure actuator connected to the switching contact, the pressure actuator being configured so as to open the switching contact against the action of a spring element in response to a control pressure above a predetermined threshold and to allow closure of the switching contact by action of the spring element in response to a control pressure below the predetermined threshold, the pressure actuator being connected to a control connection for a control pressure line. 8. The solar module recited in claim 7 further comprising a bypass diode bridging the serially connected solar cells, the bypass diode configured so as to be blocked when the solar module generates current and to, otherwise, be conductive. 9. The solar module recited in claim 7, wherein the control connection is configured for connection with at least one-additional solar module. 10. The solar module recited in claim 7, further comprising an actuation element connected to the switching contact, the actuation element being configured for manual operation of the switching contact. 11. The solar module recited in claim 9, further comprising an actuation element connected to the switching contact, the actuation element being configured for manual operation of the switching contact. 12. The solar module recited in claim 7, wherein the switching contact includes a snap-action contact. 13. The solar module recited in claim 9, wherein the switching contact includes a snap-action contact. 14. The solar module recited in claim 10, wherein the switching contact includes a snap-action contact. 15. The solar module recited in claim 7 further comprising a voltage monitor connected in parallel to the serially connected solar cells, the voltage monitor being configured to obtain the control pressure from the pressure actuator by a valve in response to a substantial exceeding of an open-circuit voltage of the serially connected solar cells. 16. The solar module recited in claim 9 further comprising a voltage monitor connected in parallel to the serially connected solar cells, the voltage monitor being configured to obtain the control pressure from the pressure actuator by a valve in response to a substantial exceeding of an open-circuit voltage of the serially connected solar cells. 17. The solar module recited in claim 10 further comprising a voltage monitor connected in parallel to the serially connected solar cells, the voltage monitor being configured to obtain the control pressure from the pressure actuator by a valve in response to a substantial exceeding of an open-circuit voltage of the serially connected solar cells. 18. The solar module recited in claim 12 further comprising a voltage monitor connected in parallel to the serially connected solar cells, the voltage monitor being configured to obtain the control pressure from the pressure actuator by a valve in response to a substantial exceeding of an open-circuit voltage of the serially connected solar cells. 19. The solar module recited in claim 7, further-comprising a semiconductor switching element coupled in parallel with the switching contact, and a voltage monitor configured to control the semiconductor switching element. 20. The solar module recited in claim 9, further comprising a semiconductor switching element coupled in parallel with the switching contact, and a voltage monitor configured to control the semiconductor switching element. 21. The solar module recited in claim 10, further comprising a semiconductor switching element coupled in parallel with the switching contact, and a voltage monitor configured to control the semiconductor switching element. 22. The solar module recited in claim 12, further comprising a semiconductor switching element coupled in parallel with the switching contact, and a voltage monitor configured to control the semiconductor switching element. 23. The solar module recited in claim 15, further comprising a semiconductor switching element coupled in parallel with the switching contact, wherein the voltage monitor is configured to control the semiconductor switching element. 