A system for monitoring the flow of vehicular traffic comprising: a plurality of detectors that detect the passage of a vehicle along a predetermined roadway; the detectors being powered by one of solar or wind power; at least one transmitter for transmitting the data relating to the passage of a vehicle at a predetermined point on a roadway; the transmitter being powered by solar or wind power; and a second receiver for receiving the transmitted data relating to the passage of a vehicle along a predetermined roadway for use by a motorist in determining a route of travel. A method for monitoring the flow of vehicular traffic for purposes of determining a route of travel for motorists comprising: determining traffic speed at least one point along a roadway using a plurality of detectors that detect the passage of a vehicle; the detectors being powered by one of solar or wind power, and transmitting the traffic speed using at least one solar powered transmitter for use by motorists in determining whether or not to select passage along the roadway containing the at least one point as a way to navigate through the region.
Claims 1. A system for monitoring the flow of vehicular traffic comprising: a plurality of detectors that detect the passage of a vehicle along a predetermined roadway; the detectors being powered by one of solar or wind power; at least one transmitter for transmitting the data relating to the passage of a vehicle at a predetermined point on a roadway; the transmitter being powered by solar or wind power; and a second receiver for receiving the transmitted data relating to the passage of a vehicle along a predetermined roadway for use by a motorist in determining a route of travel. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein the plurality of detectors operate to detect vehicular speed and are spaced at predetermined intervals along a roadway. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein the plurality of detectors comprise radar transmitter/receivers which are spaced apart at predetermined intervals along a roadway within each section of a limited access highway so that motorists may exit the limited access highway based upon the information relayed at an exit preceding the point in the limited access highway and wherein the information obtained by the radar transmitter/receivers is relayed to motorists navigating in the nearby region. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein the at least one transmitter is operatively connected to a GPS receiver and wherein the data relating to the passage of a vehicle is used to determine average traffic speed on a predetermined route and wherein the GPS receiver determines the suggested route for navigation based upon the average traffic speeds at the recorded points on a roadway or roadways. 5. The system of claim 1 wherein the at least one transmitter transmits at a radio frequency for reception by a motorist in the vicinity of the transmitter, and wherein the signal strength of the radio transmission is selected to be localized so that reception is limited to motorists traveling in the local region. 6. The system of claim 1 wherein the at least one transmitter is operatively connected to a display for displaying traffic speeds at points along a roadway. 7. The system of claim 1 further comprising a first processor, the plurality of detectors being operatively connected to the first processor, the first processor operating to determine an average speed for vehicles at a predetermined point in the roadway. 8. The system of claim 7 wherein the first processor is operatively associated with the at least one transmitter and wherein the at least one transmitter transmits average speed data to one of a GPS device, a radio broadcaster system, or a display for vehicles positioned along the same highway at a position prior to the predetermined point so that a vehicle approaching the predetermined point on the given roadway will have an option to take an alternate route depending upon the data reported. 9. The system of claim 7 wherein the at least one transmitter transmits to a second receiver which is located at a point remote from the predetermined point and wherein the second receiver is operatively connected to a second processor which determines average traffic speed at intervals along a roadway, the second processor being operatively connected to one of a GPS system, radio transmission, or display in the vicinity of the roadway having the predetermined point thereon. 10. A method for monitoring the flow of vehicular traffic for purposes of determining a route of travel for motorists comprising: determining traffic speed at least one point along a roadway using a plurality of detectors that detect the passage of a vehicle; the detectors being powered by one of solar or wind power, and transmitting the traffic speed using at least one solar powered transmitter for use by motorists in determining whether or not to select passage along the roadway containing the at least one point as a way to navigate through the region. 11. The method of claim 10 wherein the plurality of detectors comprise a plurality of first transmitter receivers spaced at intervals along a roadway for detecting the speed of a vehicles passing in the vicinity of the first transmitter receivers. 12. The method of claim 10 wherein the plurality of detectors comprise a plurality of radar transmitter/receivers and wherein the radar transmitter/receivers are spaced apart at intervals exceeding five hundred feet so as to monitor the traffic on a roadway and wherein the information obtained by the radar transmitter/receivers is relayed to motorists navigating in the nearby region. 13. The method of claim 10 wherein the at least one solar powered transmitter is operatively connected to a GPS receiver and wherein the data relating to the passage of a vehicle is used to determine average traffic speed on a predetermined route and wherein the GPS receiver determines the suggested route for navigation based upon the average traffic speeds at the recorded points on a roadway or roadways. 14. The method of claim 10 wherein the at least one solar powered transmitter transmits at a radio frequency for reception by a motorist in the vicinity of the at least one solar powered transmitter, and wherein the signal strength of the radio transmission is selected to be localized so that reception is limited to motorists traveling in the local region. 15. The method of claim 10 wherein the at least one solar powered transmitter is operatively connected to a display for displaying traffic speeds at points along a roadway. 16. The method of claim 10 further comprising a first processor, the plurality of detectors being operatively connected to the first processor, the first processor operating to determine an average speed for vehicles at a predetermined point in the roadway. 17. The method of claim 16 wherein the first processor is operatively associated with the at least one solar powered transmitter and wherein the at least one solar powered transmitter transmits average speed data to one of a GPS device, a radio broadcaster system, or a display for vehicles positioned along the same highway at a position prior to the predetermined point so that a vehicle approaching the predetermined point on the given roadway will have an option to take an alternate route depending upon the data reported. 18. The method of claim 10 wherein the at least one solar powered transmitter transmits to a second receiver which is located at a point remote from the predetermined point and wherein the second receiver is operatively connected to a second processor which determines average traffic speed at intervals along a roadway, the second processor being operatively connected to one of a GPS system, radio transmission, or display in the vicinity of the roadway having the predetermined point thereon. 19. A system for relaying information concerning flow of vehicular traffic along a roadway for use by persons traveling the roadway comprising: at least one solar powered transmitter/receiver that detects the passage of a vehicle; at least one solar powered transmitter for transmitting the data relating to the passage of a vehicle at a predetermined point on a roadway for use by motorists in determining a route of travel. 20. The system of claim 19 further including recording apparatus for recording information on one of accidents, obstructions, construction work or hazards for transmission to motorists operating along the roadway at a point prior to the section of the roadway that the recorded information concerns. 