A method for depositing a microcrystalline silicon film is disclosed, including performing an open loop and close loop plasma enhanced deposition process without and with modulating process parameters, respectively. A film is deposited by the open loop plasma enhanced deposition process till a required film crystallinity and then performing a closed loop plasma enhanced deposition process which monitors species plasma spectrum intensities SiH* and H.alpha. and modulates process parameters of the plasma enhanced deposition process resulting in the species concentration stabilization which controls the intensities variation of SiH* and H.alpha. within an allowed range of a target value for improving film depositing rate.
Claims 1. A method for depositing a microcrystalline silicon film, comprising: performing an open loop plasma enhanced deposition process without modulating process parameters; and after a required film crystallinity is obtained by the open loop plasma enhanced deposition process, performing a close loop plasma enhanced deposition process, comprising: monitoring species plasma spectrum intensities of SiH* and H.alpha.; and modulating process parameters to limit the species plasma spectrum intensities of SiH* and H.alpha. within an allowable varying range of a target intensity. 2. The method for depositing a microcrystalline silicon film as claimed in claim 1, wherein the required film crystallinity is determined according to a depositing time T of stable crystallinity, which is determined by a method comprising: measuring the film crystallinity on different deposition time in the open loop plasma enhanced deposition process without modulating process parameters; and determining the depositing time T required for crystallinity of the microcrystalline silicon film to be stable. 3. The method for depositing a microcrystalline silicon film as claimed in claim 2, wherein the closed loop plasma enhanced deposition process is performed after the depositing time T of stable crystallinity of the microcrystalline silicon film. 4. The method for depositing a microcrystalline silicon film as claimed in claim 1, wherein the process parameters comprises hydrogen gas flow, silane gas flow, power, process pressure, process temperature, or combinations thereof. 5. The method for depositing a microcrystalline silicon film as claimed in claim 2, wherein the target intensity is the species plasma spectrum intensities of SiH* and H.alpha. at the depositing time T of stable crystallinity. 6. The method for depositing a microcrystalline silicon film as claimed in claim 5, wherein the allowable varying range is .+-.1% of the target intensities of the SiH* and H.alpha. at the depositing time T of stable crystallinity. 7. The method for depositing a microcrystalline silicon film as claimed in claim 1, wherein the step of monitoring species plasma spectrum intensities of SiH* and H.alpha. comprises measuring species plasma spectrum intensities of the species SiH* and H.alpha. using an optical emission spectrometer (OES). 8. The method for depositing a microcrystalline silicon film as claimed in claim 1, wherein the step of monitoring species plasma spectrum intensities SiH* and H.alpha. uses a residual gas analyzer (RGA). 9. The method for depositing a microcrystalline silicon film as claimed in claim 1, wherein the step of monitoring species plasma spectrum intensities SiH* and H.alpha. uses an optical emission spectrometer (OES) and a residual gas analyzer (RGA). 10. The method for depositing a microcrystalline silicon film as claimed in claim 1, wherein the method is applied to fabricate a microcrystalline silicon film of a silicon thin film solar cell. 11. The method for depositing a microcrystalline silicon film as claimed in claim 1, wherein the method enhances the depositing rate of the microcrystalline silicon film. 12. A monitor apparatus of plasma enhanced deposition, comprising: a plasma enhanced deposition apparatus; a species concentration analyzing apparatus connected to the plasma enhanced deposition apparatus; and a process modulating system connected to the species concentration analyzing apparatus and the plasma enhanced deposition apparatus. 13. The monitor apparatus of plasma enhanced deposition as claimed in claim 12, wherein the plasma enhanced deposition apparatus comprises: a vacuum process chamber; a top electrode and a bottom electrode in the vacuum process chamber; a power generating apparatus connected to the top electrode and the bottom electrode; a hydrogen gas line connected to the vacuum process chamber; a silane gas line connected to the vacuum process chamber; a first mass flow controller (MFC) connected to the hydrogen gas line; and a second mass flow controller (MFC) connected to the silane gas line. 14. The monitor apparatus of plasma enhanced deposition as claimed in claim 12, wherein the species concentration analyzing apparatus is an optical emission spectrometer (OES). 15. The monitor apparatus of plasma enhanced deposition as claimed in claim 12, wherein the species concentration analyzing apparatus is a residual gas analyzer (RGA). 16. The monitor apparatus of plasma enhanced deposition as claimed in claim 12, wherein the species concentration analyzing apparatus comprises an optical emission spectrometer (OES) and a residual gas analyzer (RGA). 17. The monitor apparatus of plasma enhanced deposition as claimed in claim 12, wherein the process modulating system is a computer based system for receiving and processing signals measured by the species concentration analyzing apparatus, and proceeds to modulate process parameters of the plasma enhanced deposition apparatus. 18. The monitor apparatus of plasma enhanced deposition as claimed in claim 13, wherein the process modulating system modulates the power generating apparatus, the first mass flow controller, and the second mass flow controller of the plasma enhanced deposition apparatus. 