A wind turbine with an electric generator, having a vertical axis of rotation, the wind turbine having: a cantilevered spindle having an upper end and a lower base for securing to a support structure, the spindle having an electric generator stator disposed about the spindle in communication with electrical conductors; a rotor assembly comprising a sleeve and a rotor housing mounted coaxially around the spindle and the stator for rotation about the vertical axis, the rotor housing having a number of permanent magnets disposed about the stator mounted in the rotor housing, the rotor assembly including rotor bearings mounting the rotor housing to the spindle; and a number of blades mounted to the rotor housing, the electric generator optionally having: a stator having a first annular flux surface and a second annular flux surface transverse the axis of rotation and a plurality of armature sections disposed in a circumferential array wherein each armature section has metal wire coils in communication with electrical conductors, the stator being fixed to a spindle; a rotor assembly comprising a rotor housing enveloping the stator, the rotor assembly having a first annular permanent magnet array and a second annular permanent magnet array mounted in the rotor housing adjacent the first flux surface and the second flux surface respectively, the rotor housing connected to a sleeve mounted on the spindle for rotation about the axis; wherein each armature section comprises a bobbin segment about which at least one of the metal wire coils are wound, the bobbin segment including a mounting lug and fastener engageable with a matching contact pad in a stator hub.
Claims 1. A wind turbine with an electric generator, having a vertical axis of rotation, the wind turbine comprising: a cantilevered spindle having an upper end and a lower base for securing to a support structure, the spindle having an electric generator stator disposed about the spindle in communication with electrical conductors; a rotor assembly comprising a sleeve and a rotor housing mounted coaxially around the spindle and the stator for rotation about the vertical axis, the rotor housing having a plurality of permanent magnets disposed about the stator mounted in the rotor housing, the rotor assembly including rotor bearings mounting the rotor housing to the spindle; and a plurality of blades mounted to the rotor housing. 2. The wind turbine of claim 1 wherein the blades include a plurality of radially extending spokes having an inner end secured to the rotor housing. 3. The wind turbine of claim 2 wherein the spokes have an outer end secured to a plurality of Savonius scoops. 4. The wind turbine of claim 1 wherein the spindle and sleeve are elongate, wherein the generator is disposed a distance upward from the base, the base including a base bearing engaging the spindle and the sleeve adjacent to the base. 5. The wind turbine of claim 4 wherein the base bearing comprises a plurality of rollers each mounted to at least one of: the base; and the sleeve for rotation about a roller axis parallel to the vertical axis. 6. The wind turbine of claim 5 wherein the plurality of rollers are mounted to the base and wherein an inner surface of each roller engages a radially outward surface of the sleeve. 7. The wind turbine of claim 1 wherein the spindle is a hollow tube. 8. The wind turbine of claim 1 wherein the upper end of the spindle includes a mounting flange. 9. The wind turbine of claim 8 wherein the spindle includes an auxiliary device mounted to the mounting flange, the auxiliary device selected from the group consisting of: a solar panel; an advertising sign; a roof; a lamp; a public address speaker; an audio alarm; a surveillance camera; and a lifting lug. 10. An electric generator having an axis of rotation comprising: a stator having a first annular flux surface and a second annular flux surface transverse the axis of rotation and a plurality of armature sections disposed in a circumferential array wherein each armature section has metal wire coils in communication with electrical conductors, the stator being fixed to a spindle; a rotor assembly comprising a rotor housing enveloping the stator, the rotor assembly having a first annular permanent magnet array and a second annular permanent magnet array mounted in the rotor housing adjacent the first flux surface and the second flux surface respectively, the rotor housing connected to a sleeve mounted on the spindle for rotation about the axis; wherein each armature section comprises a bobbin segment about which at least one of the metal wire coils are wound, the bobbin segment including a mounting lug and fastener engageable with a matching contact pad in a stator hub. 11. The electric generator of claim 10 wherein the mounting lug comprises a bent metal plate having a radial portion extending inwardly from the bobbin segment and a circumferential portion positioned within the metal wire coil. 12. The electric generator of claim 11 wherein the mounting lug is removably secured to the contact pad with a fastener comprising a bolt and a clamp block having a recess in a radial side engageable with the radial portion of the mounting lug. 13. The electric generator of claim 10 including a drum brake comprising: a brake shoe mounted to a stator hub and moveable in a radial direction with a brake actuator; and a brake drum surrounding the brake shoe and mounted to the rotor housing. 14. The electric generator of claim 13 comprising a plurality of brake shoes each pivotally mounted to the stator hub and a plurality of springs, each spring engaging a brake shoe and biasing the brake shoe into engagement with the brake drum. 15. The electric generator of claim 14 wherein the plurality of springs are each a compression spring disposed between adjacent brake shoes. 16. The electric generator of claim 15 wherein each brake shoe is pivotally mounted on a pin to the stator hub at a proximal end, the proximal end including a proximal spring receiving stub disposed a radial distance from the pin, a distal end of the brake shoe remote from the pin includes a distal spring receiving stub, and each compression spring is mounted to the proximal and distal stubs of said adjacent brake shoes. 17. The electric generator of claim 13 wherein the brake actuator includes a brake actuating control adjacent a base of the spindle. 18. The electric generator of claim 10 wherein the generator has a vertical axis of rotation and the rotor housing comprises an upper shell and a lower shell having a weather resistant joint therebetween. 19. The electric generator of claim 18 wherein the first annular permanent magnet array is mounted in the upper shell and the second annular permanent magnet array is mounted in the lower shell. 20. The electric generator of claim 18 wherein the upper shell includes a weather resistant seal engaging the spindle. 