A deck mounted chlorine generator is shown that is preferably powered by use of a solar array panel. The cell plate housing can be supported by a plurality of swivel members that are locked into a position that conforms to the edge of a pool. The cell plate housing utilizes flow directing outlets to direct chlorine out of the housing. An opening such as a drawer is provided in the cell plate housing to permit salt to be poured into the housing around the electrodes to increase chlorine output.
Claims 1. A deck mounted chlorine generator system for use on a deck of a pool, comprising; a power source; a cell plate housing comprising a plurality of electrodes operable to produce chlorine when suspended in salt water and supplied with power from said power source; and a mounting for said cell plate housing which is connected to said cell plate housing for supporting said cell plate housing in said pool, said mounting comprising a plurality of swivel members linked together which conform to a shape of an edge of said deck of said pool, said plurality of swivel members being lockable in position. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein said power source comprises a solar array operable for mounting on a deck of a pool. 3. The system of claim 1, comprising: an elongate rigid section on either side of said plurality of swivel members. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein said plurality of swivel members linked together comprise a plurality of pins which extend through each of said swivel members, each swivel member comprising a receptacle and a head, whereby said head of an adjacent swivel member is positioned within said receptacle of each swivel member, said plurality of pins extending through a plurality of receptacles and a plurality of heads. 5. The system of claim 4, further comprising a plurality of locking members mounted in said plurality of heads, said plurality of locking members being operable to prevent rotation for locking said plurality of swivel members in position. 6. The system of claim 1, further comprising a plurality of vents positioned above said plurality of electrodes and oriented to dispense chlorine in a selected direction from cell plate housing utilizing a hydrogen bubble flow produced by reactions at said electrodes. 7. The system of claim 1 wherein said cell plate housing defines an opening in an upper portion of said cell plate housing for receiving salt, said cell plate housing being shaped to direct salt received through said cell plate housing to a position around said electrodes. 8. A deck mounted chlorine generator for use on a deck of a pool, comprising: a power source; a cell plate housing electrically connected to said power source, said cell plate housing comprising a plurality of electrodes operable to produce chlorine, said cell plate housing defining an opening in an upper portion of said cell plate housing for receiving salt, said cell plate housing being shaped to direct salt received through said cell plate housing to a position around said pluraltiy of electrodes. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein said cell plate housing is substantially cylindrical in shape with multiple openings to permit water flow into said cell plate housing. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein said opening is on a top of said substantially cylindrical cell plate housing. 11. The system of claim 10, wherein a remainder of said top comprises vents which direct bubble flow produced by said electrodes away from said housing, whereby said bubble flow is utilized to dispense chlorine. 12. The system of claim 11, further comprising a drawer which fits into said opening to receive said salt and when closed, said drawer directs said salt to said position around said electrodes. 13. The system of claim 8, a plurality of vents in said cell plate housing positioned directly above said plurality of electrodes to dispense chlorine from cell plate housing utilizing a hydrogen bubble flow produced by reactions at said electrodes. 14. The system of claim 8, further comprising a mounting for said cell plate housing which is connected to said cell plate housing for supporting said cell plate housing in said pool, said mounting comprising a plurality of swivel members linked together which conform to a shape of an edge of said deck of said pool, said plurality of swivel members being lockable in position. 15. A deck mounted solar chlorine generator for use on a deck of a pool, comprising: a power source; a cell plate housing electrically connected to said power source, said cell plate housing comprising a plurality of electrodes operable to produce chlorine; and a plurality of flow directing output ports positioned above said plurality of electrodes to dispense chlorine from cell plate housing along a predetermined path utilizing a hydrogen bubble flow produced by reactions at said electrodes. 16. The system of claim 15, wherein flow directing output ports comprise vents. 17. The system of claim 16, wherein said cell plate housing is substantially cylindrical in shape with multiple openings to permit water flow into said cell plate housing. 18. The system of claim 17, wherein a top of said substantially cylindrical cell plate housing comprises said vents. 19. The system of claim 18, wherein said top of said substantially cylindrical cell plate housing also comprises an opening through which salt can be poured and directed to a position around said electrodes to enhance chlorine production. 20. The system of claim 15, comprising a mounting for said cell plate housing which is connected to said cell plate housing for supporting said cell plate housing in said pool, said mounting comprising a plurality of swivel members linked together which conform to a shape of an edge of said deck of said pool, said plurality of swivel members being lockable in position. 