A parking system uses a three-dimensional magnetic field sensor as part of a vehicle detector to monitor plural parking spaces. The detector is calibrated to detect the presence or absence of a vehicle in each of the monitored spaces. The status of each space is communicated to a central controller. A pay station communicates with a central controller when a parking interval has been purchased. The controller may warn customers when the interval is about to expire and law enforcement when it has expired.
Claims 1. A method of operating a parking system having a pod which includes a vehicle detector for monitoring plural parking spaces adjacent to the pod and a communications device, the detector generating a signal when a vehicle arrives or leaves one of the monitored parking spaces and the communications device transmitting the signal when it is generated, a fee collection device capable of servicing multiple spaces, and a central controller, the central controller receiving the signal directly or indirectly from the communications device, the fee collection device transmitting a signal to the central controller upon receipt of a fee for a particular parking space for a particular length of time, the method including the steps of (a) detecting an initial three dimensional magnetic field at a fixed location and in the absence of a ferrous object in any of the spaces to be monitored, (b) performing a calibration by (1) placing a calibration object successively in each of the spaces to be monitored, (2) successively determining a calibration change in the magnetic field at the fixed location from the initial field for each of the monitored spaces when the calibration object is placed successively in each of the monitored spaces and (3) associating each of the successive calibration changes in the magnetic field with the space where the calibration object was when each such change was determined, (c) measuring the three dimensional magnetic field at a first time and at a second time, (d) determining whether the magnetic field has changed from the first time to the second time by finding the difference between the field at the first time and the field at the second time, (e) comparing the difference determined in step (d) to each of the calibration changes to identify the calibration change most like the difference determined in step (d), and generating a signal representing the space associated with the identified calibration change, and (f) using the communications device to transmit the signal to the central controller. 2. The method of claim 1 where in the step of successively determining a calibration change for each of the monitored spaces includes the step of determining the horizontal plane components of the calibration change for each successive space. 3. The method of claim 2 wherein the step of comparing the difference determined in step (d) includes comparing the horizontal plane components of the difference determined in step (d) with the horizontal plane components of the calibration change for each successive space. 4. The method of claim 3 wherein the step of comparing horizontal plane components of the difference determined in step (d) with the horizontal plane components of the calibration change for each successive space includes comparing the sum of the squares of x and y components of the difference determined in step (d) with the sum of the squares of x and y components of each of the calibration changes. 5. The method of claim 1 further including determining whether the scalar magnitude of the difference determined in step (d) exceeds a threshold value. 6. The method of claim 1 where in the step of comparing the difference between the difference determined in step (d) to each of the calibration changes includes determining the dot product of the difference determined in step 4 and the calibration change associated with each of the spaces. 7. The method of claim 1 where in the monitored spaces are spaces proportioned to fit motor vehicles. 8. The method of claim 7 wherein the step of recording and reporting the identified space includes displaying the identity of spaces that are free of motor vehicles. 9. The method of claim 7 further including providing a second sensor positioned to monitor the presence or absence of an automobile in at least one of the monitored spaces and the step of recording and reporting the identified spaced includes recording signals from the second sensor. 10. The method of claim 1 including using in the central controller to transmit an alarm before the particular length of time has expired. 11. The method of claim 10 wherein the alarm is transmitted to a selected device associated with the customer who parked the vehicle. 12. The method of claim 1 further including using the central controller to transmit an alarm after the particular length of time has expired. 13. The method of claim 12 wherein the alarm is transmitted to a law enforcement agency. 14. A parking system comprising a central controller, a parking space monitor for monitoring the status of a plurality of monitored parking spaces adjacent to monitor, and a pay station, said monitor comprising a sensor generating signals responsive to the earth's magnetic field for measuring the magnetic field at a selected position, a controller connected to the sensor for processing the signals generated by the sensor, and a display connected to the controller for presenting information concerning the status of the plurality of monitored parking spaces, the processor (a) receiving a measurement of an initial three dimensional magnetic field at the selected position and in the absence of a ferrous object in any of the spaces to be monitored, (b) recording a calibration change for each of the monitored spaces generated by (1) a calibration object successively placed in each of the spaces to be monitored, (2) successively determining a calibration change in the magnetic field at the selected position from the initial field for each of the monitored spaces when the calibration object is placed successively in each of the monitored spaces and (3) associating each of the successive calibration changes in the magnetic field with the space where the calibration object was when each such change was determined, (c) measuring the three dimensional magnetic field at a first time and at a second time, (d) determining whether the magnetic field has changed from the first time to the second time by finding the difference between the field at the first time and the field at the second time, (e) comparing the difference determined in step (d) to each of the calibration changes to identify the calibration change most like the difference determined in step (d), and identifying the space associated with the identified calibration change, and (f) recording and reporting the identified space to the central controller, the pay station receiving payment for a selected parking interval in the one of the monitored spaces and reporting the payment, the selected interval, and the identity of the one of the monitored spaces to the central controller. 15. The parking space monitor of claim 14 where in the step of recording a calibration change for each of the monitored spaces includes the step of determining the horizontal plane components of the calibration change for each successive monitored space. 16. The method of claim 15 wherein the step of comparing the difference determined in step (d) includes comparing the horizontal plane components of the difference determined in step (d) with the horizontal plane components of the calibration change for each successive space. 17. The method of claim 16 wherein the step of comparing horizontal plane components of the difference determined in step (d) with the horizontal plane components of the calibration change for each successive space includes comparing the sum of the squares of x and y components of the difference determined in step (d) with the sum of the squares of x and y components of each of the calibration changes. 18. The parking space monitor of claim 14 where in the processor determines whether the scalar magnitude of the difference determined in step (d) exceeds a threshold value. 19. The parking space monitor of claim 14 where in the step of comparing the difference between the difference determined in step (d) to each of the calibration changes includes determining the dot product of the difference determined in step (d) and the calibration change associated with each of the monitored parking spaces. 20. The parking space monitor of claim 14 further including a second sensor positioned to monitor the presence or absence of an automobile in at least one of the monitored spaces and the step of recording and reporting the identified spaced includes recording signals from the second sensor. 21. A method of operating a parking system having a pod which includes a vehicle detector for monitoring plural parking spaces adjacent to the pod and a communications device, the detector generating a signal when a vehicle arrives or leaves one of the monitored parking spaces and the communications device transmitting the signal when it is generated, a fee collection device capable of servicing multiple spaces, and a central controller, the central controller receiving the signal directly or indirectly from the communications device, the fee collection device transmitting a signal to the central controller upon receipt of a fee for a particular parking space for a particular length of time, the method including the steps of (a) detecting the three dimensional magnetic field at a fixed location, (b) performing a calibration by (1) employing at least one calibration object, where each monitored space can have an occupancy status of either vacant or occupied by a calibration object, (2) using the at least one calibration object to cause changes in the occupancy status of the spaces, (3) determining calibration changes in the detected magnetic field associated with the changes in occupancy status, (4) correcting the sign of the calibration changes by multiplying calibration changes by minus one where the calibration changes are associated with a status change from occupied to vacant, (5) continuing steps 2 through 4 until calibration changes, with associated sign reversals, have been recorded for all the monitored spaces, (6) associating the sign-corrected magnetic calibration changes with the corresponding monitored spaces and with occupied status, (7) defining a calibration set that includes the sign-corrected calibration changes of step 6 along with the associated corresponding spaces and occupancy statuses for all members of the calibration set; (c) measuring the three dimensional magnetic field at a first time and at a second time, (d) determining whether the magnetic field has changed from the first time to the second time by finding the difference between the field at the first time and the field at the second time, (e) comparing the difference determined in step (d) sequentially to each of the calibration set members to identify the calibration change most like the difference determined in step (d), and identifying the corresponding space and occupancy status associated with the identified calibration set member, and (f) recording and reporting the identified space and its occupancy status 22. The method of claim 21 wherein the calibration steps further include steps of (1) associating the negatives of the sign-corrected magnetic calibration changes with the corresponding monitored spaces and with vacant status, and (2) including in the calibration set the negatives of the sign-corrected calibration changes. 23. The method of claim 21 wherein the calibration object is a physical ferrous object. 24. The method of claim 21 wherein the calibration object is a computed virtual object associated with coordinates relative to said fixed location, the coordinates corresponding to the plurality of monitored spaces, and wherein computed magnetic dipoles are associated with the virtual objects, those dipoles being aligned to a geomagnetic field determined physically by said detecting, and wherein said step of determining calibration changes includes computing the magnetic field vectors of said computed magnetic dipoles at the fixed location of detecting. 25. The method of claim 18, wherein the step of determining whether the magnetic field has changed includes determining whether a measure of the magnitude of the magnetic field has changed, and the step of comparing the difference between first and second times to calibration set members includes comparing horizontal-plane vector magnetic differences. 26. The method in claim 25 0 further comprising one or more error checking steps from among the steps of: (a) associating a decreasing measure of magnitude with a tentative new occupied status, an increasing measure of magnitude with a tentative new vacant status, and determining a True error status if the tentative new occupied or vacant status is different from the occupancy status associated with the calibration set member, (b) determining a True error status if a newly-determined occupancy status, associated with a change in measured magnitude that exceeds a predetermined threshold, is the same occupancy status as the most recent previously-recorded occupancy status for the same identified space. 27. The method of claim 20 wherein said identifying the calibration change most like the difference in step (d) consists of computing the dot products of the difference in step (d) with each of the calibration changes in the set, identifying the largest of the dot products, and associating that largest dot product with the identified calibration change and associated calibration set member. 28. The method of claim 27, further including one or more error-checking steps from among the steps of: (a) determining a True error status if a newly-determined occupancy status, associated with a measured 3D magnetic field change that exceeds a predetermined threshold, is the same occupancy status as the most recent previously-recorded occupancy status for the same identified space, (b) determining a True error status by computing the magnitude of the cross product of the same vector components that determined the largest dot product, computing the ratio of that cross product magnitude to the largest dot product magnitude, and determining that the resulting ratio exceeds a predetermined first threshold (c) determining a True error status by computing the ratio of the second-largest dot product divided by the largest dot product, and determining that the resulting ratio exceeds a predetermined second threshold. 29. A metered parking system comprising a pod having a vehicle detector and a communications device, the detector generating a signal when a vehicle arrives or leaves a parking space adjacent to the pod and the communications device transmitting the signal, a fee collection device capable of servicing multiple pods, and a central controller, the central controller receiving the signal directly or indirectly from the pod, the fee collection device transmitting a signal to the central controller upon receipt of a fee for a particular parking space for a particular period of time. 30. A pod for a parking system comprising a housing, a vehicle detection signal generator responsive to changes in the magnetic field caused by the presence of a vehicle in an adjacent parking space to generate a signal upon detecting the arrival or departure of a vehicle from the parking space, and a transmitter responsive to the signal to send a signal and a power supply for the vehicle detection signal generator and transmitter. 31. The pod of claim 30 wherein the power supply includes a rechargeable battery. 32. The pod of claim 30 wherein the power supply includes a solar cell. 