The present invention discloses a cooling fin assembly for Photo Voltaic Solar (PVS) panels providing an improved passive cooling of the PVS panels. Cooling fins as such do provide a good local cooling effect underneath the contacting surface of the fins. However, due to uneven air streams around the cooling fins, the temperature difference across a transversal direction relative to the direction of the fins may be high. This causes a severe degradation of the cooling systems effectiveness, and the resulting output form the PVS panel. According to the disclosure of this invention, an arrangement of transversal heat conducting materials provides a heat bridge providing a thermal relaxation time below a predefined threshold across the whole back side of the PVS panel, thereby improving the overall cooling effect of the PVS panel.
Claims 1. Photo Voltaic Solar (PVS) panel comprising: a heat sink device comprising cooling fins oriented in an upwardly direction from a bottom edge of the panel to an upper edge of the panel permitting airflow between the cooling fins from the bottom edge of the PVS panel to the upper edge of the PVS panel, wherein the PVS panel is attached in thermal contact with a backside of the PVS panel, wherein the heat sink device comprises a least one heat bridge arranged in a transversal direction relative to the cooling fin direction, wherein the heat bridge provides a thermal relaxation time of the PVS panel below a predefined threshold level. 2. PVS panel according to claim 1, wherein the heat bridge is arranged as a base plate made of aluminium supporting the cooling fins, and wherein a thickness of the base plate enables the transversal heat conducting capacity of the base plate to be in accordance with the required relaxation time below the predefined threshold level. 3. PVS panel according to claim 1, wherein the heat bridge is arranged as a strip of thermal conducting material in thermal contact with an upper edge of the cooling fins, or at a bottom edge of the cooling fins, or at both the upper and lower edges, respectively, thereby providing the transversal arrangement of the heat bridge with a thermal relaxation time below the predefined threshold level. 4. PVS panel according to claim 1, wherein the heat bridge is arranged as strips or patches of heat conductive material arranged in between the heat sink device and the back side of the PVS panel when assembled, wherein the material of the strips or patches provides a heat conductive capacity providing the thermal relaxation time below the predefined threshold level. 5. PVS panel according to claim 4, wherein the strips or patches are made of carbon paper. 6. PVS panel according to claim 4, wherein the strips or patches are made of thermo-plastic folio. 7. PVS panel according to claim 4, wherein the strips or patches are made of thermo-conductive adhesive material. 8. PVS panel according to claim 1, wherein the heat bridge is arranged as a frame surrounding the PVS panel's outer perimeter, and wherein the frame comprises a heat conducting material providing the thermal relaxation time below the predefined threshold level. 9. PVS panel according to claim 1, wherein the heat bridge is arranged as a transversal part of a supporting external structure that is used when mounting the PVS panel at a location for utilization of the PVS panel. 10. PVS panel according to claim 1, wherein the predefined threshold level for the relaxation time is defined as elapsed time for transversal heat transfer per lateral meter of the actual cooling fin assembly used to cool the PVS panel when the cooling fin assembly is mounted on the backside of the panel, wherein the panel is operating under Standard Test Conditions. 11. PVS panel according to claim 1, wherein the relaxation time threshold is defined as the time elapsed when bringing a temperature of two distal points respectively located in each respective end of the heat bridge, wherein the temperature is measured on the PVS panel surface facing the sun under Standard Test Conditions. 