A solar powered compressor and pump is disclosed having a trough-shaped parabolic reflector for heating a conduit of refrigerant as it passes through the system. The compressor/pump combination includes a lens that covers the reflector and insulates and protects the reflector from the elements while increasing the intensity of the sun's energy entering the reflector. The reflector converts the sun's energy into heat that superheats the refrigerant as it passes through the reflector, reducing or eliminating the amount of mechanical work that the system has to do to achieve the needed superheating stage.
Claims 1. A solar powered compressor for use in an energy recovery system comprising: a conduit for carrying a first refrigerant through the compressor; a reflector for directing incident sunlight entering the reflector to the conduit carrying the refrigerant; a lens over the conduit for transmitting the incident sunlight thereinthrough; and a axial pump at a first end of the compressor comprising a plurality of blades movable on a central axis. 2. The solar powered compressor of claim 1 further comprising means for adjusting an angle of the reflector to maximize an intensity of incident sunlight. 3. The solar powered compressor of claim 1 further comprising a second axial pump at a second end of the compressor comprising a plurality of blades movable on a central axis. 4. The solar powered compressor of claim 1 further comprising a toothed wheel cooperating with a set of gears on the reflector to tilt the reflector into a more direct line with the sun. 5. The solar powered compressor of claim 1 where the lens covers an upper surface of the reflector. 6. The solar powered compressor of claim 1 further comprising a cogeneration heat exchanger. 7. The solar powered compressor of claim 1 further comprising a second heat exchanger coupled to the solar heat exchanger having a second refrigerant with a boiling temperature below a boiling temperature of the first refrigerant. 8. The solar powered compressor of claim 1 wherein the compressor includes means for mounting the compressor on a roof-top. 9. The solar powered compressor of claim 1 wherein the reflector includes a reflective material layer on an interior surface. 