A system comprising a photovoltaic module and a terminal box. Two terminals of the box output voltage generated by the photovoltaic module. A thermal switch shorts the two terminals in response to temperature rise to a threshold temperature and is structured to prevent short-circuit due to the temperature rise of the normally operating photovoltaic module and bypass diodes in the terminal box.
Claims 1. A thermostatically controlled terminal box, comprising: a housing comprising a base with a first surface structured to be attachable to a photovoltaic module, wherein temperature of the first surface increases when the photovoltaic module is exposed to solar radiation; a bypass diode disposed in the housing and structured to be electrically connectable to a set of photovoltaic cells in the photovoltaic module, wherein temperature of the bypass diode increases when the set of photovoltaic cells is shaded from the solar radiation; two output terminals structured to be electrically connectable to the photovoltaic module to output voltage generated by the photovoltaic module; and a thermal switch comprising two terminals electrically connected to the two output terminals, operable to detect temperature rise of the terminal box to a threshold temperature and short-circuit the two output terminals in response to the temperature rise of the terminal box to the threshold temperature, wherein the terminal box is structured to prevent the thermal switch from erroneous short-circuit due to influence of the temperature rise of the first surface and the bypass diode. 2. The thermostatically controlled terminal box as claimed in claim 1, wherein the threshold temperature of the thermal switch in the terminal box is preset higher than upper limits of operating temperatures of the bypass diode and the photovoltaic module. 3. The thermostatically controlled terminal box as claimed in claim 1, wherein the thermal switch is irreversible in transition from an ON position to an OFF position, the thermal switch does not short-circuit the two output terminals in the ON position and short-circuits the two output terminals in the OFF. 4. The thermostatically controlled terminal box as claimed in claim 1, wherein the thermal switch comprises an electrically conductive component operable to short-circuit the two output terminals in a released state, the electrically conductive component is retained in a forced state by a fuse operable to release the electrically conductive component to the released state when heated to the threshold temperature. 5. The thermostatically controlled terminal box as claimed in claim 3, wherein the fuse comprises tin. 6. A thermostatically controlled terminal box, comprising: a housing comprising a base with a first surface structured to be attachable to a photovoltaic module; a bypass diode disposed in the housing and structured to be electrically connectable to a set of photovoltaic cells in the photovoltaic module; two output terminals structured to be electrically connectable to the photovoltaic module to output voltage generated by the photovoltaic module; and a thermal switch comprising two terminals electrically connected to the two output terminals and a control terminal operable to be electrically connected to a detection system, the thermal switch detects alarm signal received through the control terminal respondent to a fire incident and short-circuits the two output terminals in response to the alarm signal. 7. The thermostatically controlled terminal box as claimed in claim 6, wherein the detection system comprises an indoor appliance. 8. The thermostatically controlled terminal box as claimed in claim 7, wherein the detection system comprises a thermometer operable to issue the alarm signal when detecting temperature rise to a threshold value. 9. The thermostatically controlled terminal box as claimed in claim 7, wherein the detection system comprises a smoke detector operable to issue the alarm signal when detecting spreading smoke. 10. The thermostatically controlled terminal box as claimed in claim 7, wherein the detection system comprises a computer system operable to issue the alarm signal based on data provided by at least one of a thermometer and a smoke detector. 11. The thermostatically controlled terminal box as claimed in claim 6, wherein the thermal switch is irreversible in transition from an ON position to an OFF position, the thermal switch does not short-circuit the two output terminals in the ON position and short-circuits the two output terminals in the OFF position. 12. The thermostatically controlled terminal box as claimed in claim 6, wherein the thermal switch connects to the detection system through an inverter operable to convert direct current (DC) signals generated by the photovoltaic module to alternating current (AC) signals. 13. The thermostatically controlled terminal box as claimed in claim 6, wherein the thermal switch connects to the detection system through a controller, and the controller connects to the detection system through a wireless communication channel. 14. A photovoltaic power generation system, comprising: a photovoltaic module; and a terminal box comprising: a housing comprising a base with a first surface structured to be attachable to the photovoltaic module, wherein temperature of the first surface increases when the photovoltaic module is exposed to solar radiation; a bypass diode disposed in the housing and structured to be electrically connectable to a set of photovoltaic cells in the photovoltaic module, wherein temperature of the bypass diode increases when the set of photovoltaic cells is shaded from the solar radiation; two output terminals structured to be electrically connectable to the photovoltaic module to output voltage generated by the photovoltaic module; and a thermal switch comprising two terminals electrically connected to the two output terminals, operable to detect and respond to temperature rise of the terminal box to a threshold temperature to short-circuit the two output terminals, wherein the terminal box is structured to prevent the thermal switch from erroneous short-circuit due to influence of the temperature rise of the first surface and the bypass diode. 15. The photovoltaic power generation system as claimed in claim 14, wherein the threshold temperature of the thermal switch in the terminal box is preset higher than upper limits of operating temperatures of the bypass diode and the photovoltaic module. 16. The photovoltaic power generation system as claimed in claim 15, wherein the threshold temperature of the thermal switch in the terminal box is preset lower than 650.degree. C. 17. The photovoltaic power generation system as claimed in claim 14, wherein the thermal switch, after changing from an ON position to an OFF position, is irreversible, the thermal switch does not short-circuit the two output terminals in the ON position and short-circuits the two output terminals in the OFF position. 18. The photovoltaic power generation system as claimed in claim 17, wherein the thermal switch comprises an electrically conductive component operable to short-circuit the two output terminals in a released state, the electrically conductive component is retained in a forced state by a fuse operable to release the electrically conductive component to the released state when heated to the threshold temperature. 19. The photovoltaic power generation system as claimed in claim 18, wherein the fuse comprises tin. 20. The photovoltaic power generation system as claimed in claim 18, wherein the thermal switch comprises a control terminal operable to be electrically connected to a detection system, and the thermal switch detects an alarm signal received through the control terminal respondent to a fire incident and short-circuits the two output terminals in response to the alarm signal. 