Nanostructures and photovoltaic structures are disclosed. Methods for creating nanostructures are also presented.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic structure, comprising: an array of photovoltaic nanostructures each having a conductive nanocable and photovoltaic (PV) layers above the nanocable, wherein an average grain size of at least one of the PV layers is less than about 100 nm. 2. The photovoltaic structure as recited in claim 1, wherein an average grain size of each of the PV layers is less than about 100 nm. 3. The photovoltaic structure as recited in claim 1, wherein an average grain size of each of the PV layers is between about 1 and about 60 nm. 4. The photovoltaic structure as recited in claim 1, wherein a deposition thickness of each of the PV layers is less than about 1000 nm. 5. The photovoltaic structure as recited in claim 1, wherein a deposition thickness of each of the PV layers is less than about 500 nm. 6. The photovoltaic structure as recited in claim 1, wherein the array of photovoltaic nanostructures is arranged in a brush configuration. 7. The photovoltaic structure as recited in claim 1, wherein the nanocables are elongated. 8. The photovoltaic structure as recited in claim 1, wherein the nanocables have substantially uniform peripheries and longitudinal lengths. 9. The photovoltaic structure as recited in claim 1, wherein the PV layers exhibit physical characteristics of pulse plating. 10. The photovoltaic structure as recited in claim 1, wherein the PV layers exhibit physical characteristics of reverse pulse plating. 11. The photovoltaic structure as recited in claim 1, further comprising a power inverter formed on the same substrate as the array. 12. The photovoltaic structure as recited in claim 1, wherein an average grain size of at least one of the AV layers varies across along a deposited thickness of the at least one of the PV layers. 13. The photovoltaic structure as recited in claim 1, characterized by a capability to produce more than one electron per photon engaging the array of photovoltaic nanostructures. 14. The photovoltaic structure as recited in claim 1, wherein one of the PV layers is plated p-type CdTe. 15. The photovoltaic structure as recited in claim 1, further comprising an upper conductive layer above the PV layers, the upper conductive layer including a dopant that increases an electrical conductivity of the upper conductive layer. 16. The photovoltaic structure as recited in claim 15, wherein the upper conductive layer includes an undoped layer closest to the PV layers. 17. The photovoltaic structure as recited in claim 1, further comprising an upper conductive layer above the PV layers, the upper conductive layer comprising a doped conductive oxide. 18. The photovoltaic structure as recited in claim 2, further comprising an upper conductive layer above the PV layers and a passivation layer between the upper conductive layer and the PV layer closest thereto. 19. The photovoltaic structure as recited in claim 1, wherein at least one of the PV layers comprises a material selected from a group consisting of II-VI p- or n-type materials and III-V p- or n-type materials. 20. The photovoltaic structure as recited in claim 1, wherein at least one of the PV layers comprises a material selected from a group consisting of CdTe, cadmium sulfide, gallium arsenide, copper indium gallium selenium, and amorphous silicon. 21. The photovoltaic structure as recited in claim 1, wherein the nanocables are metallic and at least one of the PV layers comprises amorphous silicon. 22. The photovoltaic structure as recited in claim 1, wherein the nanocables comprise nickel and at least one of the PV layers comprises amorphous silicon. 23. A flexible photovoltaic structure, comprising: an array of photovoltaic nanostructures each having a conductive nanocable and photovoltaic (PV) layers above the nanocable, wherein ends of the nanocables are coupled together by overplated material. 24. A method of forming a nanostructure, comprising: forming a back plane contact above a substrate; forming a mask above the back contact, the mask including vias; forming an array of nanocables extending along the vias; removing the mask; and adding photovoltaic (PV) layers above the nanocables, wherein an average grain size of at least one of the PV layers is less than about 100 nm. 25. The method as recited in claim 24, wherein the nanocables are elongated. 26. The method as recited in claim 24, wherein an average grain size of each of the PV layers is less than about 100. 27. The method as recited in claim 24, wherein an average grain size of each of the PV layers is between about 1 and about 60 nm. 28. The method as recited in claim 24, wherein a deposition thickness of each of the PV layers is less than about 1000 nm. 29. The method as recited in claim 24, wherein a deposition thickness of each of the PV layers is less than about 500 nm. 30. The method as recited in claim 24, wherein the array of photovoltaic nanostructures is arranged in a brush configuration. 31. The method as recited in claim 24, wherein the nanocables are elongated. 32. The method as recited in claim 24, wherein the nanocables have substantially uniform peripheries and longitudinal lengths. 33. The method as recited in claim 24, wherein at least one of the PV layers is formed by pulse plating. 34. The method as recited in claim 33, wherein a duty cycle of the pulse plating has an on time of greater than about 70%. 35. The method as recited in claim 34, wherein a duty cycle of the pulse plating has an on time of greater than about 90%. 36. The method as recited in claim 33, wherein a duty cycle of the pulse plating has an on time of less than about 70%. 37. The method as recited in claim 36, wherein a duty cycle of the pulse plating has an on time of less than about 30%. 38. The method as recited in claim 33, wherein a duty cycle of the pulse plating has an on time of between about 30% and about 70%. 39. The method as recited in claim 24, wherein at least one of the PV layers is formed by reverse pulse plating. 40. The method as recited in claim 24, wherein at least one of the PV layers is formed by plating, and further comprising sonicating the plating bath during the plating. 41. The method as recited in claim 24, wherein at least one of the PV layers is formed by plating p-type CdTe at a bath temperature of less than about 70.degree. C. 42. The method as recited in claim 24, further comprising forming a power inverter on the substrate. 43. The method as recited in claim 24, wherein an average grain size of at least one of the PV layers varies across along a deposited thickness of the at least one of the PV layers. 44. The method as recited in claim 24, wherein the array of nanocables with PV layers thereon is capable of producing more than one electron per photon engaging the array of photovoltaic nanostructures. 45. The method as recited in claim 24, wherein the adding the PV layers above the nanocables includes plating p-type CdTe. 46. The method as recited in claim 24, wherein an n-type PV layer is formed above a p-type PV layer, and further comprising at least one of: cleaning the p-type layer prior to forming the n-type layer thereover; etching the p-type layer prior to forming the n-type layer thereover; and performing a thermal diffusion activation step. 47. The method as recited in claim 24, further comprising passivating a grain boundary of at least one of the PV layers. 48. The method as recited in claim 47, wherein the passivating includes application of one or more chlorides to the at least one of the PV layers. 49. The method as recited in claim 24, further comprising forming an upper conductive layer above the PV layers. 50. The method as recited in claim 49, wherein the forming an upper conductive layer above the PV layers includes doping a layer with conductive material for increasing an electrical conductivity thereof. 51. The method as recited in claim 50, wherein the upper conductive layer includes an undoped layer closest to the PV layers. 52. The method as recited in claim 24, further comprising forming an upper conductive layer above the PV layers and a passivation layer between the upper conductive layer and the PV layer closest thereto. 53. The method as recited in claim 24, wherein at least one of the PV layers comprises a material selected from a group consisting of II-VI p- or n-type materials and III-V p- or n-type materials. 54. The method as recited in claim 24, wherein at least one of the PV layers comprises a material selected from a group consisting of CdTe, cadmium sulfide, gallium arsenide, copper indium gallium selenium, and amorphous silicon. 55. The method as recited in claim 24, wherein the nanocables are metallic and at least one of the PV layers comprises amorphous silicon. 56. The method as recited in claim 24, wherein the nanocables comprise nickel and at least one of the PV layers comprises amorphous silicon. 57. A method of forming a flexible photovoltaic structure, comprising: creating a mask having via holes therein; plating for forming an array of conductive nanocables in the via holes, wherein the plating is performed until overfill of plated material from the via holes grows together over the mask; removing the mask; forming photovoltaic (PV) layers above the nanocables. 58. A method of adjusting an array of photovoltaic nanostructures each having a conductive nanocable and photovoltaic (PV) layers above the nanocable, the method comprising: rotating the array of photovoltaic nanostructures in a plane of a substrate thereof for increasing an observable power output of the array. 59. The method as recited in claim 58, further comprising adjusting a presentation angle of the array relative to a light source position for further increasing an observable power output of the array. 60. The photovoltaic structure as recited in claim 1, wherein a heterojunction is formed between the PV layers. 61. The photovoltaic structure as recited in claim 1, further comprising an interfacial layer that forms a rectifying junction between the PV layers. 62. A device, comprising: an array of nanocables extending from a substrate; a first semiconductor layer including a III-V compound semiconductor, the first semiconductor layer positioned over the nanocable; and a second semiconductor layer including a II-VI compound semiconductor, the second semiconductor layer positioned over the nanocable and forming a rectifying junction with the first semiconductor layer. 63. The device of claim 62, further comprising an interfacial layer that enhances the rectifying junction between the III-V and II-VI compound semiconductors. 64. The device of claim 62, wherein the II-VI compound is a cadmium telluride. 65. The device of claim 62, wherein the III-V compound is a gallium nitride. 66. The device of claim 62, wherein the II-VI compound is an alloy of cadmium telluride. 67. The device of claim 62, wherein the II-VI compound is a doped composition of cadmium telluride. 68. The device of claim 62, wherein the III-V compound is an alloy of gallium nitride. 69. The device of claim 62, wherein the III-V compound is a doped composition of gallium nitride. 70. The device of claim 69, wherein the gallium nitride is a gallium aluminum nitride. 71. The device of claim 62, wherein the interfacial layer includes an oxide. 72. The device of claim 71, wherein the oxide is a doped tin oxide. 73. The device of claim 72, wherein the doped tin oxide is zinc-doped tin oxide. 74. The device of claim 72, wherein the doped tin oxide is cadmium-doped tin oxide. 75. The device of claim 71, wherein the oxide is a doped zinc oxide. 76. The device of claim 71, wherein the oxide is a cadmium zinc oxide. 77. A method of manufacturing a photovoltaic device comprising: depositing a first semiconductor layer above an array of nanocables, the first semiconductor layer including a III-V compound semiconductor; and depositing a second semiconductor layer above the array of nanocables, the second semiconductor layer including a II-VI compound semiconductor, the second semiconductor layer forming a rectifying junction with the first semiconductor layer. 78. The method of claim 77, further comprising depositing an interfacial layer between the first semiconductor layer and the second semiconductor layer to enhance the rectifying junction between the III-V and II-VI compound semiconductors. 79. The photovoltaic structure as recited in claim 1, wherein a depletion region of the PV layers extends across a full thickness of the PV layers. 80. The photovoltaic structure as recited in claim 1, wherein the nanostructures have smaller top diameters or widths than bottom diameters or widths. 81. The device as recited in claim 62, wherein a depletion region of the first and second semiconductor layers extends across a full thickness of the semiconductor layers. 82. The device as recited in claim 62, wherein nanostructures comprising the nanocables and semiconductor layers have smaller top diameters or widths than bottom diameters or widths. 83. The photovoltaic structure as recited in claim 1, further comprising a back contact layer forming an interface between the conductive nanocables and the PV layer closest thereto, the back contact layer being a metallic film that assists in adjusting a Fermi level and bandbending of the interface to improve Voc for the photovoltaic structure and enhance adhesion of the PV layer to the conductive nanocable. 84. The method as recited in claim 24, further comprising forming a back contact layer above the nanocables for forming an interface between the conductive nanocables and the PV layer closest thereto, the back contact layer being a metallic film that assists in adjusting a Fermi level and bandbending of the interface to improve Voc for the photovoltaic structure and enhance adhesion of the PV layer to the conductive nanocable. 85. The photovoltaic structure as recited in claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic structure is constructed on a substrate selected from a group consisting of a 200 mm silicon wafer, a 300 mm silicon wafer, and a 450 mm silicon wafer. 86. The photovoltaic structure as recited in claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic structure is constructed on a substrate of flat panel display glass. 87. The photovoltaic structure as recited in claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic structure is constructed on a flexible substrate. 88. The photovoltaic structure as recited in claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic structure is constructed on a glass substrate. 89. The method as recited in claim 24, wherein the photovoltaic structure is constructed on a substrate selected from a group consisting of a 200 mm silicon wafer, a 300 mm silicon wafer, and a 450 mm silicon wafer. 90. The method as recited in claim 24, wherein the photovoltaic structure is constructed on a substrate of flat panel display glass. 91. The method as recited in claim 24, wherein the photovoltaic structure is constructed on a flexible substrate. 92. The method as recited in claim 24, wherein the photovoltaic structure is constructed on a glass substrate. 