A first electrical path has a terminal, and a second electrical path has a terminal. First photovoltaic (PV) dies are electrically connected within the first electrical path. Each first PV die is adapted to convert light having a first wavelength range to electrical energy. Second PV dies are electrically connected within the second electrical path. Each second PV die is adapted to convert light having a second wavelength range different than the first wavelength range to electrical energy. A circuit is electrically connected between the terminals of the first and the second electrical paths to limit an absolute voltage difference between the terminals to no greater than a threshold voltage.
Claims 1. A system comprising: a first electrical path having a terminal; a second electrical path having a terminal; a plurality of first photovoltaic (PV) dies within the first electrical path, each first PV die adapted to convert light having a first wavelength range to electrical energy; a plurality of second PV dies electrically connected within the second electrical path, each second PV die adapted to convert light having a second wavelength range different than the first wavelength range to electrical energy; and, a circuit electrically connected between the terminals of the first and the second electrical paths to limit an absolute voltage difference between the terminals to no greater than a threshold voltage. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the first PV dies are not electrically connected to the second PV dies within the system except at the circuit. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the first electrical path has a first current to flow therethrough, the second electrical path has a second current has a second current to flow therethrough, and the first current is independent of the second current. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein a first voltage is over each first PV die, a second voltage is over each second PV die, and the first voltage is not matched to the second voltage within the system. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the circuit comprises a pair of avalanche breakdown diodes connected in series between the terminals with opposing polarity. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the circuit comprises: a energy storage device to store electrical energy; and, a comparator to compare a first voltage at the first output with a second voltage at the second output, and powered by the electrical energy stored by the energy storage device, wherein an output of the comparator is to affect the circuit in such a way as to limit the absolute voltage difference between the terminals to no greater than the threshold voltage. 7. The system of claim 1, further comprising: a plurality of solar cells, each solar cell comprising one or more of: at least one of the first PV dies; and, at least one of the second PV dies. 8. The system of claim 7, wherein each solar cell comprises at least one of the first PV dies and at least one of the second PV dies. 9. The system of claim 7, further comprising: a plurality of identical circuits including the circuit, wherein the solar cells are organized over a plurality of groups, each group including a sub-plurality of the solar cells, and wherein the each module includes one of the identical circuits. 10. The system of claim 1, further comprising: a first inverter to convert the electrical energy from the first PV dies to a desired voltage at a first output; and, a second inverter to convert the electrical energy from the second PV dies to the desired voltage at a second output, wherein the first and the second outputs are directly electrically connected to one another, and wherein the system is a solar panel including the first and the second inverters. 11. The system of claim 1, wherein each first PV die is a mid-energy (mid-E) PV die, and each second PV die is a low-energy (low-E) PV die. 12. A solar panel comprising: a first electrical path having a terminal; a second electrical path having a terminal; a plurality of first photovoltaic (PV) dies within the first electrical path, each first PV die adapted to convert light having a first wavelength range to electrical energy; a plurality of second PV dies electrically connected within the second electrical path, each second PV die adapted to convert light having a second wavelength range different than the first wavelength range to electrical energy; one or more circuits electrically connected between the terminals of the first and the second electrical paths to limit an absolute voltage difference between the terminals to no greater than a threshold voltage; a first inverter to convert the electrical energy from the first PV dies to a desired voltage at a first output; and, a second inverter to convert the electrical energy from the second PV dies to the desired voltage at a second output, wherein the first and the second outputs are directly electrically connected to one another. 13. The solar panel of claim 12, further comprising: a plurality of solar cells, each solar cell comprising one or more of: at least one of the first PV dies; and, at least one of the second PV dies, wherein the solar cells are organized over a plurality of group, each group including a sub-plurality of the solar cells, and wherein each module includes one of the circuits. 14. A method comprising: electrically connecting a plurality of first photovoltaic (PV) dies within a first electrical path, each first PV die electrically connected to at least one other of the first PV dies, each first PV die adapted to convert light having a first wavelength range to electrical energy, the first electrical path having a terminal; electrically connecting a plurality of second PV dies within a second electrical path, each second PV die adapted to convert light having a second wavelength range different than the first wavelength range to electrical energy, the first electrical path having a terminal; and, electrically connecting a circuit between the terminals of the first and the second electrical paths, the circuit to limit an absolute voltage difference between the terminals to no greater than a threshold voltage. 15. The method of claim 14, further comprising: electrically connecting the first electrical path to a first inverter, the first inverter to convert the electrical energy from the first PV dies to a desired voltage at a first output; electrically connecting the second electrical path to a second inverter, the second inverter to convert the electrical energy from the second PV dies to the desired voltage at a second output; and, directly electrically connecting the first output and the second outputs together. 