A method for providing a security barrier proximate a body of water such as a lake or a swimming pool. One or more beams--preferably infra red light beams--define the barrier. A detector is positioned to monitor each beam so that a moving object "cutting" the beam can be detected by a controller in communication with the beam or beams. A motion detector monitors for motion in a broad area around the location of the security perimeter. The motion detector is also in communication with the controller. The controller deactivates the beams and relies solely on the motion detector when no objects are near the perimeter. Once the motion detector senses an object in the area of the perimeter, however, the controller activates the beams. If an object then interrupts a beam, the controller activates an alarm.
Claims 1. A method for providing a security barrier proximate a body of water, comprising: a. providing a controller; b. providing a motion sensor in communication with said controller; c. providing at least one monitored beam set, with said monitored beam set being in communication with said controller; d. providing an alarm device in communication with said controller; e. placing said at least one monitored beam set proximate said body of water; f. placing said motion sensor proximate said body of water and orienting said motion sensor so that said motion sensor detects moving objects proximate said at least one monitored beam; g. having said controller monitor said motion sensor; h. having said controller activate said at least one monitored beam set upon motion being detected by said motion sensor; and i. having said controller activate said alarm device upon detecting an interruption in said at least one monitored beam set. 2. A method for providing a security barrier as recited in claim 1, wherein: a. said at least one monitored beam set is located remotely from said controller; and b. said communication between said at least one monitored beam set and said controller assumes the form of radio frequency communications. 3. A method for providing a security barrier as recited in claim 1, wherein: a. said motion sensor is located remotely from said controller; and b. said communication between said motion sensor and said controller assumes the form of radio frequency communications. 4. A method for providing a security barrier as recited in claim 2, wherein said at least one monitored beam set includes its own internal power source. 5. A method for providing a security barrier as recited in claim 3, wherein said motion sensor includes its own internal power source. 6. A method for providing a security barrier as recited in claim 1, wherein: a. said controller is housed in a base station; b. at least a portion of said at least one monitored beam set is housed in said base station; and c. at least a portion of said at least one monitored beam set is housed in a remote unit. 7. A method for providing a security barrier as recited in claim 6, wherein said base station includes a solar panel providing power to said controller. 8. A method for providing a security barrier as recited in claim 6, wherein power is provided to said base station from an AC source. 9. A method for providing a security barrier as recited in claim 1, wherein: a. said at least one monitored beam set is located remotely from said controller; and b. said communication between said at least one monitored beam set and said controller is a hard wired connection. 10. A method for providing a security barrier as recited in claim 1, wherein: a. said motion sensor is located remotely from said controller; and b. said communication between said motion sensor and said controller is a hard wired connection. 11. A method for providing a security barrier proximate a body of water, comprising: a. providing a controller; b. providing at least one emitter emitting a focused infra red beam, said at least one emitter being in communication with said controller; c. providing at least one detector, said at least one detector being positioned to detect said focused infra red beam from said at least one emitter, said at least one detector being in communication with said controller; d. said at least one emitter and said at least one detector being positioned so that said focused infra red beam lies proximate said body of water; e. providing a motion sensor in communication with said controller, said motion sensor being positioned to detect motion proximate said focused infra red beam; f. having said controller activate said motion sensor to monitor for said motion proximate said focused infra red beam; g. having said controller activate said at least one emitter and said at least one detector upon motion being detected by said motion sensor; and h. having said controller activate said alarm device upon detecting an interruption in said focused infra red beam. 12. A method for providing a security barrier as recited in claim 11, wherein: a. said at least one emitter is located remotely from said controller; and b. said communication between said at least one emitter and said controller assumes the form of radio frequency communications. 13. A method for providing a security barrier as recited in claim 11, wherein: a. said motion sensor is located remotely from said controller; and b. said communication between said motion sensor and said controller assumes the form of radio frequency communications. 14. A method for providing a security barrier as recited in claim 12, wherein said at least one emitter includes its own internal power source. 15. A method for providing a security barrier as recited in claim 13, wherein said motion sensor includes its own internal power source. 16. A method for providing a security barrier as recited in claim 11, wherein: a. said controller is housed in a base station; b. said at least one detector is housed in said base station; and c. said at least one emitter is housed in a remote unit. 17. A method for providing a security barrier as recited in claim 16, wherein said base station includes a solar panel providing power to said controller. 18. A method for providing a security barrier as recited in claim 16, wherein power is provided to said base station from an AC source. 19. A method for providing a security barrier as recited in claim 11, wherein: a. said at least one detector is located remotely from said controller; and b. said communication between said at least one detector and said controller is a hard wired connection. 20. A method for providing a security barrier as recited in claim 11, wherein: a. said motion sensor is located remotely from said controller; and b. said communication between said motion sensor and said controller is a hard wired connection. 