A system for controlling a solar field can include a field control server that communicate with a plurality of solar collector controllers installed in a solar field. The field control server can include one or more processors that can implement a user interface module that can provide a solar field user interface having a plurality of user interface controls. Each of the user interface controls can represent one or more solar collector assemblies. User selection of one of the user interface controls can cause the field control server to send a command to one or more collector controllers associated with the selected one or more solar collector assemblies. Further, the system can include a customization module that can provide functionality for a user to customize the solar field user interface to accommodate changes in a number of the solar collector controllers installed in the solar field.
Claims 1. A system for controlling a solar field, the system comprising: a field control server configured to communicate with a plurality of solar collector controllers installed in a solar field, the field control server comprising one or more processors configured to implement at least: a user interface module configured to provide a solar field user interface comprising a plurality of user interface controls, each of the user interface controls representing one or more solar collector assemblies, wherein user selection of one of the user interface controls causes the field control server to send a command to one or more collector controllers associated with the selected one or more solar collector assemblies, and a customization module configured to provide functionality for a user to customize the solar field user interface to accommodate changes in a number of the solar collector controllers installed in the solar field. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the customization module is further configured to provide a command configuration user interface, the command configuration user interface configured to provide functionality for the user to add a new command for controlling the solar collector controllers. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein the command configuration user interface further provides functionality for the user to add one or more new parameters associated with the new command. 4. The system of claim 2, wherein the command configuration user interface further provides functionality for the user to add one or more new parameters associated with an existing command. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the user interface controls are configured in a grid, the grid at least approximately corresponding to a physical layout of the solar collector controllers. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein selected ones of the user interface controls are further configured to provide status information about the one or more solar collector assemblies. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the user interface controls are arranged hierarchically according to a layout of items in the solar field. 8. The system of claim 7, wherein a hierarchy of the user interface controls comprises one or more of the following: collector controller controls, row controls, loop controls, channel controls, and field controls. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein the customization module is further configured to allow the user to specify a number of one or more of the following user interface controls to be included in the solar field user interface: collector controller controls, row controls, loop controls, channel controls, and field controls. 10. A system for controlling a solar field, the system comprising: a field control server comprising one or more machines remotely accessible over a network to a plurality of collector controllers, each of the collector controllers configured to control one or more solar collectors, the one or more machines programmed to: determine whether a command to be provided to a plurality of collector controllers is a restricted command; in response to determining that the command is a restricted command, issue the command to a first subgroup of the collector controllers; delay issuing the command to a second subgroup of the collector controllers; and issue the command to the second subgroup of the collector controllers after the delay, such that power drawn by the first and second subgroups of collector controllers is staged to reduce a load on an uninterruptible power supply. 11. The system of claim 10, further comprising iterating the command through the first and second subgroups. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein the subgroups are selected from the group consisting of: channels, rows, loops, and fields. 13. The system of claim 10, wherein the field control server is further programmed to control the subgroups of the collector controllers with multiple threads of execution, such that the field control server generates a thread of execution for each subgroup of the collector controllers. 14. The system of claim 13, wherein each subgroup represents a group of collector controllers that share a common communications channel. 15. A method of controlling a solar field, the method comprising: polling a first collector controller with a field control server comprising one or more processors, said polling being performed to obtain information from the first collector controller, the first collector controller configured to control one or more solar collectors in a solar field; in response to not receiving the information from the first collector controller, waiting a predefined wait period before polling a second collector controller; and in response to receiving the information from the first collector controller, substantially immediately polling the second collector controller to thereby reduce polling time for obtaining information from the solar field. 16. The method of claim 15, further comprising creating a first thread of execution to poll the first and second collector controllers and creating a second thread of execution to monitor whether the first and second controllers are offline. 17. The method of claim 15, further comprising using variable-length data packets to perform said polling. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein said polling the first collector controller comprises using a first packet having a first length different from a second length of a second packet used to poll the second collector controller. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein the first and second lengths are determined at least in part by types of commands included in the first and second data packets. 20. The method of claim 15, wherein said substantially immediately polling the second collector controller comprises polling the second collector controller with reduced delay compared with static polling systems. 