Systems and methods for the automated installation of solar (photovoltaic or PV) modules is disclosed. Embodiments comprise a conveyor system configured to support and deliver a plurality of photovoltaic modules, and a clampless mounting framework comprising an upper rail and a lower rail, the upper and lower rails configured and spaced apart to receive and secure a photovoltaic module. The mounting framework does not require clamps, so once the modules are delivered into place, physical installation is complete.
Claims 1. A system for automated installation of photovoltaic modules, comprising: a conveyor system configured to support and deliver a plurality of photovoltaic modules; and a clampless mounting framework comprising an upper rail and a lower rail, the upper and lower rails configured and spaced apart to receive and secure a photovoltaic module. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the conveyor system is configured to be repositionable to deliver the plurality of photovoltaic modules to a new location. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the upper rail and lower rail are disposed approximately parallel to one another. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the upper rail is disposed at a higher elevation than the lower rail. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the conveyor system is disposed to introduce the photovoltaic module into the upper rail prior to introducing the photovoltaic module into the lower rail. 6. The system of claim 1, further comprising a mobile vehicle to support the conveyor system. 7. The system of claim 1, further comprising a plurality of conveyor systems. 8. The system of claim 7, wherein a second conveyor system is disposed approximately perpendicular to the first conveyor system. 9. The system of claim 1, further comprising a positioning mechanism to guide a photovoltaic module as it exits from a conveyor system. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein the positioning mechanism includes a damping apparatus. 11. The system of claim 9 wherein the positioning mechanism includes a tie-in mechanism. 12. A method of installing photovoltaic modules, comprising: placing one or more photovoltaic modules on a conveyor system; providing a clampless mounting framework having an upper rail and a lower rail such that the photovoltaic modules exit the conveyor system and slide into a channel defined by the upper and lower rails. 13. The method of claim 11 further comprising guiding the photovoltaic modules from the conveyor system into the channel. 14. The method of claim 11 further comprising slowing the photovoltaic modules using a damping apparatus. 15. The method of claim 11 further comprising repositioning the conveyor system to deliver the photovoltaic modules to a new location. 16. The method of claim 11 further comprising disposing a second conveyor system approximately perpendicular to the first conveyor system. 17. The method of claim 11 further comprising using a mobile vehicle to support the conveyor system. 18. The method of claim 11 further comprising disposing the upper rail and the lower rail approximately parallel to one another. 19. The method of claim 11 further comprising disposing the upper rail at a higher elevation than the lower rail. 20. The method of claim 11 further comprising disposing the conveyor system such that the photovoltaic modules are introduced into the upper rail prior to being introduced into the lower rail. 