A solar energy collection system comprises a frame for mounting the system on a suitable substrate and a plurality of solar panels disposed adjacent to one another on the frame. A first set of the solar panels are movable relative to a second set of the solar panels, for tracking movement of the sun during the day. Solar panels of the first set are arranged in alternating fashion with solar panels of the second set. In some embodiments of the invention, the panels in the second set of solar panels are stationary. The second set of solar panels, in some embodiments, are disposed substantially flat, relative to the frame and the substrate on which the frame is mounted. In some embodiments, differing from those in which the second set of solar panels are stationary, the second set of solar panels may be arranged to be movable relative to the first set of solar panels.
Claims 1. A solar energy collection system, comprising: a frame for mounting the system on a suitable substrate; and a plurality of solar panels disposed adjacent to one another on said frame; wherein a first set of said solar panels are movable relative to a second set of said solar panels, for tracking movement of the sun during the day; and further wherein solar panels of said first set are arranged in alternating fashion with solar panels of said second set. 2. The solar energy collection system as recited in claim 1, wherein the panels in said second set of solar panels are stationary. 3. The solar energy collection system as recited in claim 2, wherein said second set of solar panels are disposed substantially flat, relative to said frame and the substrate on which the frame is mounted. 4. The solar energy collection system as recited in claim 1, wherein said second set of solar panels are movable relative to the first set of solar panels. 5. The solar energy collection system as recited in claim 1, wherein a first solar panel in said first set is pivotally connected to a second solar panel in said second set, to form a tracking unit. 6. The solar energy collection system as recited in claim 5, wherein said solar energy collection system comprises a plurality of tracking units. 7. The solar energy collection system as recited in claim 6, wherein a hinge connects said first and second solar panels in each said tracking unit. 8. The solar energy collection system as recited in claim 7, and further comprising a hinge daily axis lying along said hinge, wherein each of said first and second panels in each said tracking unit pivots about said hinge daily axis independently of the other of said first and second panels. 9. The solar energy collection system as recited in claim 8, wherein said frame comprises a structural channel frame having a channel portion, and a drive system for pivoting each of said first and second panels in a tracking unit is disposed within said channel portion. 10. The solar energy collection system as recited in claim 9, wherein said drive system comprises a drive shaft extending lengthwise through said channel portion, and a plurality of camming systems attached to said drive shaft for pivoting each one of the first and second solar panels in each tracking unit independently of the other one of that tracking unit's first and second solar panels. 11. The solar energy collection system as recited in claim 9, and further comprising a plurality of tracking units disposed on said structural channel frame. 12. The solar energy collection system as recited in claim 11, and further comprising a plurality of said structural channel frames, each of which accommodates a plurality of tracking units. 13. The solar energy collection system as recited in claim 5, wherein each of said solar panels has a top surface and a bottom surface, and further wherein a reflector is disposed on at least one of the solar panels of a tracker unit to improve solar collection efficiency of the system. 14. The solar energy collection system as recited in claim 13, wherein said reflector comprises a first reflector disposed on the bottom surface of one of the first and second solar panels, for redirecting light to a shaded portion of the top surface of the other one of the first and second solar panels. 15. The solar energy collection system as recited in claim 14, and further comprising a second reflector disposed on the top surface of the other of said first and second solar panels, for redirecting light to the first reflector. 16. The solar energy collection system as recited in claim 1, and further comprising a liquid supply line and liquid jet orifices for cleaning said solar panels. 17. The solar energy collection system as recited in claim 1, wherein said solar panels are connected to a drive system for moving the panels, said system further comprising a quick-disconnect release mechanism for disengaging a panel from the drive system so that it can be manually moved for maintenance purposes. 18. A solar energy collection system, comprising: a frame for mounting the system on a suitable substrate; a pair of solar panels disposed adjacent to one another and independently movable relative to one another, each of said solar panels having a top surface and a bottom surface; a reflector disposed on the bottom surface of one of the pair of solar panels, for redirecting light to a shaded portion of the top surface of the other one of the pair of solar panels. 19. The solar energy collection system as recited in claim 18, wherein said solar panels further include a second reflector disposed on the top surface of the other of said first and second solar panels, for redirecting light to the bottom surface reflector. 20. A method for collecting solar energy, using a system comprising a frame and an array comprising a plurality of solar panels connected to the frame, wherein the frame is mounted onto a suitable substrate, the method comprising steps of: programming a controller in said system to track the sun's position as the day progresses, accounting for seasonal variation; and using said controller to move some of the solar panels in said array relative to other stationary solar panels in said array, so that the moving solar panels pivot in order to maintain an orientation facing the sun as the relative position of the sun to the solar panel array changes. 