A solar cell receiver subassembly for use in a concentrating solar system which concentrates the solar energy onto a solar cell by a factor of 1000 or more for converting solar energy to electricity, including an optical element defining an optical channel, a solar cell receiver having a support; a solar cell mounted on the support adjacent to the optical element and in the optical path of the optical channel, the solar cell comprising one or more III-V compound semiconductor layers and capable of generating in excess of 20 watts of peak DC power; a diode mounted on the support and coupled in parallel with the solar cell; and first and second electrical contacts mounted on the support and coupled in parallel with the solar cell and the diode; and an encapsulant covering the support, the solar cell, the diode, and at least a portion of the exterior sides of the optical element.
Claims 1. A solar cell receiver subassembly for use in a concentrating solar system which concentrates the solar energy onto a solar cell by a factor of 1000 or more for converting solar energy to electricity, comprising: an optical element defining an optical channel, a solar cell receiver comprising: a support; a solar cell mounted on the support adjacent to the optical element and in the optical path of the optical channel, the solar cell comprising one or more III-V compound semiconductor layers and capable of generating in excess of 20 watts of peak DC power; and an encapsulant covering the support, the solar cell, and at least a portion of the exterior sides of the optical element. 2. The solar cell subassembly of claim 1 wherein the encapsulant is silicone based. 3. The solar cell subassembly of claim 1, further comprising a diode mounted on the support and having a body, an anode terminal and cathode terminal, the diode coupled in parallel with the solar cell. 4. The solar cell subassembly of claim 3, further comprising an encapsulant covering the diode. 5. The solar cell subassembly of claim 3, further comprising first and second electrical contacts mounted on the support and coupled in parallel with the solar cell and the diode. 6. The solar cell subassembly of claim 1, wherein the solar cell has dimensions of about 1 cm by about 1 cm. 7. The solar cell subassembly of claim 1, further comprising a transparent adhesive disposed between the optical element and the solar cell. 8. The solar cell subassembly of claim 1 wherein the optical element is a magnification element. 9. The solar cell subassembly of claim 1 wherein the solar cell is a triple junction solar cell. 10. The solar cell subassembly of claim 1 wherein the support is a ceramic substrate having first and second opposed metallized surfaces. 11. A method of manufacturing a solar cell receiver, comprising: providing a support; mounting a solar cell on the support comprising one or more III-V compound semiconductor layers and capable of generating in excess of 20 watts of peak DC power; mounting an optical element defining an optical channel over the solar cell so that the solar cell is in the optical path of the optical channel; and encapsulating the support, the solar cell, and at least a portion of the exterior sides of the optical element. 12. A method as defined in claim 11, further comprising mounting a diode on the support coupled in parallel with the solar cell. 13. A method as defined in claim 12, wherein the encapsulating step also encapsulates the diode. 14. A method as defined in claim 11, further comprising mounting first and second electrical contacts on the support and coupled to the solar cell and the diode so as to form anode and cathode terminals of the receiver. 15. A method as defined in claim 14, wherein the electrical contacts are receptacles designed to receive connector plugs for coupling the receiver to adjacent receivers. 