An automated remote water quality monitoring system with wireless communication capability and the method thereof is provided. A water quality monitoring system is provided, including: a plurality of monitoring apparatuses, each of which has a radio communication module transmitting at least one environmental parameter; a server receiving the at least one environmental parameter via a base station; and a gateway being one selected from a group consisting of the plurality of monitoring apparatuses, being geographically the closest one to the base station, receiving the at least one environmental parameter and transmitting the at least one environmental parameter to the base station.
Claims 1. A water quality monitoring system, comprises: a plurality of monitoring apparatuses, each of which has a radio communication module transmitting at least one environmental parameter; a server receiving the at least one environmental parameter via a base station; and a gateway being one selected from a group consisting of the plurality of monitoring apparatuses, being geographically the closest one to the base station, receiving the at least one environmental parameter and transmitting the at least one environmental parameter to the base station. 2. The water quality monitoring system of claim 1, further comprising: a database connected to the server to store and deal with the at least one environmental parameter according to a format of the database. 3. The water quality monitoring system of claim 1, wherein each of the plurality of monitoring apparatuses further comprises: at least one sensor measuring the at least one environmental parameter; and a micro-controller receiving the at least one environmental parameter from the at least one sensor. 4. The water quality monitoring system of claim 3, wherein each of the plurality of monitoring apparatuses further comprises: a GPS module for positioning; the at least one sensor comprises a water quality sensor and a temperature and humidity sensor; the at least one environmental parameter comprises a pH value, a conductivity, a salinity, a water quality, a temperature, a humidity and a combination thereof; and the micro-controller further comprises a serial port switching circuit. 5. The water quality monitoring system of claim 1, wherein each of the plurality of monitoring apparatuses further comprises a wireless communication module transmitting a message to the server via the base station, wherein the message is derived from the at least one environmental parameter. 6. The water quality monitoring system of claim 5, wherein the wireless communication module is a GSM phone module. 7. The water quality monitoring system of claim 1, wherein each of the plurality of monitoring apparatuses further comprises: a solar charging device providing a first power; a power supply circuit connected to one of the solar charging device; and an external power supply providing a second power. 8. The water quality monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the at least one environmental parameter is transmitted/received via a radio signal and each of the plurality of monitoring apparatuses has a best route to communicate with one another and further comprises a display screen providing an on-site monitoring. 9. A water monitoring method for a monitoring system having a node and a plurality of monitoring apparatuses, the method comprising the steps of: (A) using at least one of the plurality of monitoring apparatuses to detect at least one environmental parameter; (B) selecting a specific one being the closest one to the node from the plurality of monitoring apparatus to communicate with the node; (C) transmitting the at least one environmental parameter to the specific one; and (D) transmitting the at least one environmental parameter via the node. 10. The method of claim 9, wherein the step (A) further comprises the steps of: (A1) initializing the plurality of apparatuses; and (A2) sending a data request command to the at least one of the plurality of monitoring apparatuses for requesting the at least one environmental parameter. 11. The method of claim 10 further comprising a step of returning to step (A1) if a detection of the at least one environmental parameter is abnormal. 12. The method of claim 11 further comprising a step of broadcasting an installing signal to establish the communication between the specific one and the at least one of the plurality of monitoring apparatuses. 13. The method of claim 11, wherein the step (C) further comprises the steps of: (C1) transmitting the at least one environmental parameter to the specific one via a micro-controller and a radio communication module of the at least one of the plurality of monitoring apparatuses; and (C2) using the specific one to compile the at least one environmental parameter transmitted from the radio communication module. 14. The method of claim 11, wherein the node is a base station and the step (D) further comprises a step (D1) of transmitting the at least one environmental parameter to a server by a message generated from a wireless communication module of the specific one. 15. A monitoring system including a plurality of water quality monitoring apparatuses communicating with a node, comprising: a first water quality monitoring apparatus configured to be the geographically closest one to the node for communicating with the node; and at least one second water quality monitoring apparatus configured to communicate with the first water quality monitoring apparatus. 16. The system of claim 15, wherein each of the water quality monitoring apparatuses comprises: at least one sensor measuring at least one environmental parameter; a micro-controller receiving the at least one environmental parameter from the at least one sensor; and a radio communication module configured to transmit the at least one environmental parameter of the micro-controller. 17. The system of claim 16, wherein each of the water quality monitoring apparatuses further comprises: a GPS module positioning the at least one monitoring apparatus; a wireless communication module transmitting a message transferred from the at least one environmental parameter via the node; a solar charging device storing power for the apparatus; a power supply circuit connected to one of the solar charging device and a power supply providing a second power; and a display screen providing an on-site monitoring. 18. The system of claim 16, wherein the at least one sensor further comprises a water quality sensor and a temperature and humidity sensor, the wireless communication module is a GSM phone module and the node is a base station. 19. The system of claim 16, wherein the micro-controller further comprises a serial port switching circuit coupled to the at least one sensor and the radio communication module, and the micro-controller controls the at least one sensor and the radio communication module via the serial port switching circuit. 20. The system of claim 16, wherein the at least one environmental parameter is one selected from a group consisting of a pH value, a conductivity, a salinity, a water quality, a temperature, a humidity and a combination thereof. 