A solar module system includes a first transparent substrate member, a second transparent substrate member, and a plurality of photovoltaic members configured in a spatial manner sandwiched between the first substrate member and the second substrate member to allow at least a first portion of light to be transmitted and a second portion of light to be blocked. The system also has one or more inverter devices coupled to the solar module and configured to convert direct current to alternating current. The system may have an electrical cord comprising a first end and a second end, the first end being coupled to the one or more inverter devices and the second end comprising at least a pair of electrodes. The system can be used for indoor use or other application.
Claims 1. A solar module apparatus comprising: a first transparent substrate member; a second transparent substrate member; and a plurality of photovoltaic members configured in a spatial manner sandwiched between the first substrate member and the second substrate member to allow at least a first portion of light to be transmitted and a second portion of light to be blocked; and whereupon the plurality of photovoltaic members are configured to generate power, provide shade, and allow light to be transmitted. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the apparatus is provided within an interior region of a building structure. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the first transparent member, the plurality of photovoltaic members, and the second transparent substrate form a movable solar module. 4. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising an inverter device configured with the plurality of photovoltaic members to convert direct current power to alternating current power. 5. The apparatus of claim 4 further comprising an electric cord coupled to the inverter device and having at least a pair of contact members to be connected to an interior electrical socket. 6. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein each of the plurality of photovoltaic members comprises at least a pair of electrodes. 7. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein each of the plurality of photovoltaic members comprises silicon material. 8. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein each of the plurality of photovoltaic members is coupled to the first transparent substrate member using one or more elastomeric materials. 9. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the first transparent substrate comprises a glass. 10. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the second transparent substrate comprises a glass. 11. A solar module system comprising: a solar module comprising a first transparent substrate member, a second transparent substrate member, and a plurality of photovoltaic members configured in a spatial manner sandwiched between the first substrate member and the second substrate member to allow at least a first portion of light to be transmitted and a second portion of light to be blocked; one or more inverter devices coupled to the solar module and configured to convert direct current to alternating current; and an electrical cord comprising a first end and a second end, the first end being coupled to the one or more inverter devices and the second end comprising at least a pair of electrodes. 12. The apparatus of claim 11 wherein the apparatus is provided within an interior region of a building structure. 13. The apparatus of claim 11 wherein the first transparent member, the plurality of photovoltaic members, and the second transparent substrate form a movable solar module. 14. The apparatus of claim 11 wherein each of the plurality of photovoltaic members comprises at least a pair of electrodes. 15. The apparatus of claim 11 wherein each of the plurality of photovoltaic members comprises silicon material. 16. The apparatus of claim 11 wherein each of the plurality of photovoltaic members is coupled to the first transparent substrate member using one or more elastomeric materials. 17. The apparatus of claim 11 wherein the first transparent substrate comprises a glass. 18. The apparatus of claim 11 wherein the second transparent substrate comprises a glass. 19. The apparatus of claim 11 wherein the first transparent substrate is annular in shape 20. The apparatus of claim 11 wherein the second transparent substrate is annular in shape. 