A system of modular construction including a plurality of pre-manufactured components cooperatively structured for onsite assembly of a building or other structure. A plurality of modules are disposed and structured to at least partially define wall, floor and roof portions of the assembled building, wherein the plurality of modules are interconnected in an intended relation to one another by a connecting web assembly, wherein the connecting web assembly comprises a plurality of different types of component connectors and retaining channels. A water distribution assembly is incorporated within the building such that water is delivered by gravity feed to a plurality of plumbing fixtures and/or outlets and the building also includes an integrated, built-in gutter assembly associated with the plurality of down spouts for the recognized distribution and/or collection of water.
Claims 1. A system of modular construction including a plurality of pre-manufactured components cooperatively structured for onsite assembly of a building, said system comprising: a plurality of modules cooperatively disposed and structured to define an outer wall portion, a floor portion and a roof portion of the building, a connecting web assembly, comprising a plurality of component connectors cooperatively structured with at least some of said plurality of modules to define a plurality of tongue and groove connections, said connecting web assembly further including a plurality of retaining channels disposed in interconnecting relation to at least common-use ones of said plurality of modules, and said plurality of component connectors and said plurality of retaining channels cooperatively disposed and structured to secure said wall portion, said floor portion and said roof portion to one another, in a manner at least partially defining an assembled building. 2. A system as recited in claim 1 wherein at least some of said retaining channels include at least one of said component connectors integrally secured thereto. 3. A system as recited in claim 2 wherein said building further includes a foundation; said one component connector being inserted within a foundation portion of the building to define a tongue and groove connection therewith. 4. A system as recited in claim 1 wherein at least one of said retaining channels includes a supporting flange extending outwardly therefrom into supporting relation with at least one of said modules associated with said floor portion of the building. 5. A system as recited in claim 4 wherein said one retaining channel has an elongated configuration of sufficient length to supportingly engage a plurality of said modules associated with said wall portion of the building; said one support flange extending along a sufficient length of said one retaining channel to support a plurality of modules associated with said floor portion. 6. A system as recited in claim 1 wherein a first number of said plurality of retaining channels are disposed in retaining relation to a lower end of a plurality of said modules associated with said wall portion; a second number of said plurality of retaining channels disposed in retaining relation to an upper end of a plurality of said modules associated with said wall portion. 7. A system as recited in claim 6 wherein at least some of said second number of retaining channels are disposed in interconnecting relation to a plurality of modules associated with said roof portion of said building. 8. A system as recited in claim 7 wherein said at least some of said first number of retaining channels include a supporting flange extending outwardly therefrom into supporting relation with a plurality of said modules associated with said floor portion of the building. 9. A system as recited in claim 8 further comprising a plurality of fastener members extending in interconnecting relation with and at least partially through said first number of retaining channels, said lower end of said wall modules and corresponding ones of said floor modules. 10. A system as recited in claim 8 further comprising a plurality of fastener members extending in interconnecting relation with and at least partially through said second number of retaining channels and at least said upper end of said wall modules. 11. A system as recited in claim 6 further comprising a plurality of support stanchions substantially vertically oriented and extending in spaced relation to one another about at least a portion of a periphery of the building, between said first number and said second number of retaining channels. 12. A system as recited in claim 1 wherein at least some of said component connectors include a tongue and a mounting plate fixedly connected in transverse relation to said tongue, said tongue insertable into a correspondingly positioned one of the components of the building to define said tongue and groove connection therewith and said mounting plate disposed in interconnecting relation between said tongue and a correspondingly disposed component of said building. 13. A system as recited in claim 12 wherein said mounting plate and said tongue are integrally connected in perpendicular relation to one another. 14. A system as recited in claim 12 wherein at least some of said component connectors comprise a key structure comprising a substantially planar configuration; said key structure including opposite end portions disposable in inserted relation with adjacently disposed ones of at least some of said plurality of modules and at least partially defining a male-female connecting junction of said adjacent ones of said plurality of modules. 15. A system as recited in claim 14 further comprising a plurality of partition modules disposed in spaced, segregating relation to an interior of said building; said plurality of partition modules connected to one another by said key structure and interconnected to others of said plurality of modules by said tongue and plate component connectors. 16. A system as recited in claim 1 wherein at least some of said component connectors comprise a key structure including a substantially planar configuration; said key structure including free opposite end portions disposable in inserted relation with adjacently disposed ones of at least some of said plurality of modules to define said tongue and groove connection therewith; said tongue and groove connection at least partially defining a connecting junction of said adjacent ones of said plurality of modules. 17. A system as recited in claim 16 wherein said connecting junction further comprises an adhering material disposed in bonding relation between said adjacent ones of said plurality of modules. 18. A system as recited in claim 1 wherein said plurality of modules comprise a plurality of roof modules, adjacent ones of said plurality of roof modules connected together and defining at least two roof sections; a ridge cap disposed and structured in interconnecting relation to corresponding sides of said two roof sections. 19. A system as recited in claim 18 wherein said ridge cap is at least partially inserted in interlocking engagement with each of a plurality of roof modules defining said corresponding sides of each of said two roof sections. 20. A system as recited in claim 19 wherein each of said roof sections includes an outer side disposed in an at least partially supported relation to outer sides of said outer wall portion. 21. A system as recited in claim 20 wherein at least some of said plurality of retaining channels are disposed in retaining engagement with an upper end of said plurality of modules associated with said outer wall portion; said upper end retaining channels disposed in interconnecting relation with said outer sides of each of said roof sections. 22. A system as recited in claim 18 wherein at least some of said plurality of roof modules are structured to facilitate a non-penetrating attachment of a solar panel assembly on exterior, exposed portions thereof. 23. A system as recited in claim 1 further comprising a water distribution assembly incorporated within the building and including a reservoir disposed at an upper portion of the building; said water distribution assembly further including a plurality of distribution conduits disposed in fluid communication between said reservoir and a plurality of water outlets associated with the building. 24. A system as recited in claim 23 wherein said water distribution assembly is disposed and structured to direct water from said reservoir through said plurality of distribution conduits by gravity feed. 25. A system as recited in claim 1 wherein said roof portion of the building further comprises a gutter assembly integrated therein and a plurality of down spouts incorporated within the building in fluid communication with said gutter assembly. 26. A system as recited in claim 1 further comprising a plurality of wall extensions disposed between an upper end of said wall portion and said roof portion; corresponding ones of said retaining channels including at least one extension channel segment disposed in retaining engagement with a corresponding one of said plurality of wall extensions. 27. A system as recited in claim 1 wherein said building further includes a foundation including a plurality of pilings, at least one of said pilings including a piling cap; at least one of said component connectors disposed in interconnecting relation between said piling cap and a corresponding one of said retaining channels; a plurality of connectors disposed in interconnecting engagement with each of said corresponding retaining channel, said one component connector and said piling cap. 28. A system as recited in claim 27 wherein said plurality of connectors are fixedly secured to said piling cap and extend outwardly there from into said interconnecting engagement with said one component connector and said corresponding retaining channel. 29. A system as recited in claim 1 wherein said plurality of modules comprise a plurality of roof modules, adjacent ones of said plurality of roof modules connected together; at least some of said plurality of roof modules formed of a one piece molded construction. 