An optical absorption gas analyser is provided for determining the concentration of a target gas in a sample, comprising: a chamber for containing the sample in use; an optopair, comprising a light emitting diode (LED) arranged to emit radiation into the chamber and a photovoltaic radiation detector, arranged to detect radiation transmitted through the chamber from the LED and to output a corresponding detection signal S.sub.S; a temperature sensor arranged in thermal contact with the LED and the photovoltaic radiation detector, and to output a temperature signal T representing the temperature of the optopair; a memory having stored therein data representative of the baseline detection signal S.sub.T output by the optopair in the absence of the target gas as a function of the temperature of the optopair across a range of temperatures; and a processor adapted to generate a differential detection signal S.sub.A indicative of the concentration of target gas in the sample by retrieving from the memory the baseline detection signal S.sub.T corresponding to the temperature signal T and calculating the difference between the detection signal S.sub.S and the baseline detection signal S.sub.T.
Claims 1. An optical absorption gas analyser for determining the concentration of a target gas in a sample, comprising: a chamber for containing the sample in use; an optopair, comprising a light emitting diode (LED) arranged to emit radiation into the chamber and a photovoltaic radiation detector arranged to detect radiation transmitted through the chamber from the LED and to output a corresponding detection signal S.sub.S; a temperature sensor arranged in thermal contact with the LED and the photovoltaic radiation detector, and to output a temperature signal T representing the temperature of the optopair; a memory having stored therein data representative of the baseline detection signal S.sub.T output by the optopair in the absence of the target gas as a function of the temperature of the optopair across a range of temperatures; and a processor adapted to generate a differential detection signal S.sub.A indicative of the concentration of target gas in the sample by retrieving from the memory the baseline detection signal S.sub.T corresponding to the temperature signal T and calculating the difference between the detection signal S.sub.S and the baseline detection signal S.sub.T. 2. An optical absorption gas analyser according to claim 1, wherein the processor is further adapted to generate a normalised detection signal S.sub.N, where: S.sub.N=S.sub.A/S.sub.T=(S.sub.S-S.sub.T)/S.sub.T 3. An optical absorption gas analyser according to claim 1, wherein the waveband of radiation emitted by the LED includes an absorption wavelength of the target gas. 4. An optical absorption gas analyser according to claim 1 wherein the photovoltaic radiation detector is adapted to detect radiation in a waveband at least overlapping that of the LED and including an absorption wavelength of the target gas. 5. An optical absorption gas analyser according to claim 1, further comprising a spectral filter disposed between the LED and the photovoltaic radiation detector for controlling the waveband of radiation detected, preferably an interference filter. 6. An optical absorption gas analyser according to claim 5 wherein the spectral filter is integral with the LED. 7. An optical absorption gas analyser according to claim 1 wherein the optopair emits and detects infrared radiation. 8. An optical absorption gas analyser according to claim 1, wherein the LED is a narrow band gap semiconductor based LED and the photovoltaic radiation detector is a narrow band gap semiconductor based detector, wherein the narrow band gap semiconductors preferably comprise InGaAs, PbS or PbSe. 9. An optical absorption gas analyser according to claim 1, wherein the LED, photovoltaic radiation detector and temperature sensor are disposed adjacent to one another, preferably arranged on the same or adjacent faces of the chamber. 10. An optical absorption gas analyser according to claim 1, wherein the LED, photovoltaic radiation detector and temperature sensor are mounted on a thermally conductive plate. 11. An optical absorption gas analyser according to claim 1, wherein the temperature sensor comprises a semiconductor bandgap temperature sensor. 12. An optical absorption gas analyser according to claim 1 wherein the data stored in the memory takes the form of a function or table. 13. An optical absorption gas analyser according to claim 1, wherein the data stored in the memory comprises data representative of the baseline detection signal S.sub.T output by the optopair in the absence of the target gas as a function of the temperature of the optopair across a temperature range of at least 0.degree. C. to +40.degree. C., preferably approximately -30.degree. C. to +60.degree. C. 14. An optical absorption gas analyser according to claim 1, wherein the data stored in the memory includes values of S.sub.T for each temperature interval within the temperature range, where the temperature interval is less than or equal to 1.degree. C., preferably less than or equal to 0.5.degree. C. 15. An optical absorption gas analyser according to claim 1, wherein the processor is further adapted to, in a data capture mode, record the detection signal S.sub.S output by the optopair against the temperature signal T in the memory as the optopair is subjected to a change in temperature, to thereby provide the data representative of the baseline detection signal S.sub.T. 16. An optical absorption gas analyser according to claim 1, wherein the process is further adapted to, in a self diagnostic mode, retrieve from the memory the baseline detection signal S.sub.T corresponding to the temperature signal T and compare the retrieved baseline detection signal S.sub.T with the detection signal S.sub.S from the optopair to determine whether the stored baseline detection signal S.sub.T accurately represents that of the optopair. 17. An optical absorption gas analyser according to claim 16, wherein the processor further adapted to determine a scaling factor F from the outcome of the comparison, and to apply the scaling factor to the baseline detection signal S.sub.T, generating a scaled temperature baseline, S'.sub.T. 18. An optical absorption gas analyser according to claim 1, further comprising a controller adapted to control the supply of power to the optopair, wherein the controller is adapted to intermittently power the LED with discrete pulses of power according to a low duty cycle of less than 50%. 19. An optical absorption gas analyser according to claim 18 wherein the pulses have a duration of between 15 and 100 microseconds, preferably approximately 20 microseconds. 20. An optical absorption gas analyser according to claim 18, wherein the duty cycle has a period of between 100 microseconds and 10 seconds. 21. An optical absorption gas analyser according to claim 18, wherein the duty cycle is between 0.01% and 50%, preferably around 0.05%. 22. An optical absorption gas analyser according to claim 1, wherein the analyser is a single optical channel analyser. 23. An optical absorption gas analyser according to claim 1, further comprising a humidity sensor adapted to detect the relative humidity of the sample in the chamber, and to output a corresponding humidity signal H. 24. An optical absorption gas analyser according to claim 23 wherein the processor is further adapted to compare the humidity signal H with a predetermined humidity threshold and activate an indicator if the predetermined humidity threshold is exceeded. 25. An optical absorption gas analyser according to claim 23, wherein the memory additionally has stored therein data representative of the baseline detection signal S.sub.RH output by the optopair in the absence of the target gas as a function of the relative humidity (RH) of the sample in the chamber across a range of RH; and the processor is further adapted to generate a second differential detection signal S.sub.B indicative of the concentration of target gas in the sample by retrieving from the memory the baseline detection signal S.sub.RH corresponding to the humidity signal H and calculating: S.sub.B=S.sub.A-S.sub.RH 26. A method of manufacturing an optical absorption gas analyser according to claim 1, the method comprising: subjecting the optopair to a change in temperature while monitoring the detection signal Ss and the temperature signal T; and recording the detection signal S.sub.S output by the optopair against the temperature signal T in the memory, to thereby provide the data representative of the baseline detection signal S.sub.T. 27. A method according to claim 26, wherein the temperature of the optopair is swept across a range and the value of the baseline detection signal is recorded continuously at intervals of no more than 1.degree. C., preferably less than or equal to 0.5.degree. C. 28. A method according to claim 27, wherein the temperature range is at least 0.degree. C. to +40.degree. C., preferably approximately -30 C to +60.degree. C. 