A high mast post mounted light emitting device such as street or parking lot illuminates, and the like, has an energy source of a wind turbine with at least one blade and a solar panel with solar cells to recharge a bank of batteries when necessary, and a light source of at least one light emitting diode. A cap member seals the inner portions of the light guide housing from the elements in addition to a lens covering which also acts as a diffuser. Said light guide housing possesses at least one rectangular slot for at least one attachable LED strip. A second embodiment includes an indoor ceiling mounted post-less illumination unit. A diffusing sheet about said light guide housing may also be included to add a sparkling effect to illumination produced by said unit.
Claims 1. A 360 degree LED lighting post wherein a light guide housing unit consists of at least one opening slot for at least one LED light; an upper cap atop the light guide housing which houses a generator; a wind turbine with at least one blade atop the light housing unit; a housing for the upper generator which also acts as a support structure for the solar panel; a translucent or transparent exterior lens enclosing the light housing unit; a high mast lighting pole which acts as a storage for at least one battery. 2. A 360 degree LED lighting post according to claim 1, wherein said light guide housing unit comes in a plurality of shapes. 3. A 360 degree LED lighting post according to claim 1, wherein said light guide's preferred embodiment has a conic or V-shape. 4. A 360 degree LED lighting post according to claim 1, wherein said light guide housing consists of a plastic, metal or glass body with a plurality of open slots about its area. 5. A 360 degree LED lighting post according to claim 4, wherein said light guide housing has a plurality of open slots which are spaced evenly about said housing 360 degree area and are rectangular in shape. Said housing may display a prismatic crushed ice irregular surfaced diffuser about its non slot area. 6. A 360 degree LED lighting post according to claim 1, wherein said LED lights are contained on strips consisting of a plurality of LED members. 7. A 360 degree LED lighting post according to claim 6, wherein said LED lights may be white, red, green or a variety of colors in display. 8. A 360 degree LED lighting post according to claim 6, wherein said LED strips may be wired in series, parallel or series-parallel. Said wiring of any above chosen configuration runs through lighting post to said batteries. 9. A 360 degree LED lighting post according to claim 1, wherein upper cap acts as both an enclosure for the light guide housing and mounting area for a generator. 10. A 360 degree LED lighting post according to claim 1, wherein said light guide housing has an opening at its base to receive the upper portion of the lighting post which supports said upper cap and said generator within, and may possess a layer of prismatic diffusing sheeting to enhance visibility 11. A 360 degree LED lighting post according to claim 1, wherein said wind turbine is housed atop said light housing cap within its own enclosure. 12. A 360 degree LED lighting post according to claim 11, wherein said wind turbine enclosure consists of a plurality of metallic bars evenly spaced about to prevent birds from entering said turbine while allowing wind flow to said turbine. 13. A 360 degree LED outdoor lighting post according to claim 1, wherein said wind turbine is composed of a plurality of blade types. 14. A 360 degree LED lighting post according to claim 1, wherein said wind turbine powers one or two generators at either end of its shaft. Said shaft acts to house electrical wiring from said generators. 15. A 360 degree LED lighting post according to claim 14, wherein said wind turbine generators charge a battery bank. 16. A 360 degree LED lighting post according to claim 1, wherein said upper generator housing also acts as a mounting point for a solar panel collector. 17. A 360 degree LED lighting post according to claim 1, wherein said solar panel is attached to the upper generator housing by means of an adjustable bracket. 18. A 360 degree LED lighting post according to claim 1, wherein said exterior lens is shaped as the light guide housing, with a slightly larger circumference and area, and slides over said light guide housing secured by the housings cap. 19. A 360 degree LED lighting post according to claim 18, wherein said exterior lens is either translucent or transparent and diffuses directed angular light outwards towards the viewer. 20. A 360 degree LED lighting post according to claim 1, wherein said high mast lighting post has a hollow interior which acts as a storage bank for one or more batteries. 21. A 360 degree LED lighting post according to claim 1, wherein said light Guide housing may be mounted indoors directly to ceiling or suspended by a shaft, rod or by chains. 