An ozonated water spraying system with energy resource conversion is disclosed. The system includes an ozonated water spraying apparatus and an energy resource conversion device. The ozonated water spraying apparatus has an ozone generation unit, a mixing and spraying unit, and a water flow detection unit, in which the ozone generation unit is for generating ozone. The mixing and spraying unit couples with the ozone generation unit, for mixing the generated ozone with water and spraying the ozonated water out. Further, the water flow detection unit, coupled to the ozone generation unit and the mixing and spraying unit, is capable of detecting whether water flows through the mixing and spraying unit so as to control the ozone generation unit in response to the detection result. Additionally, the energy resource conversion unit is for converting energy resource into electrical power to provide the requisite power to the ozonated water spraying apparatus.
Claims 1. An ozonated water spraying system with energy resource conversion, comprising: an ozonated water spraying apparatus, furthering including: an ozone generation unit, generating ozone; a mixing and spraying unit, coupled to the ozone generation unit, being capable of mixing water with the ozone generated by the ozone generation unit and spraying out ozonated water; a water flow detection unit, coupled to the ozone generation unit and the mixing and spraying init, being capable of controlling the ozone generation unit in response to a detecting result associated with water flows passing through the mixing and spraying unit; and an energy resource conversion device, coupled to the ozonated water spraying apparatus, for converting recycled energy resource into electrical power and delivering the generated electrical power to the ozonated water spraying apparatus. 2. The ozonated water spraying system with energy resource conversion according to claim 1, wherein the water flow detection unit controls the ozone generation unit in response to the detecting result, so that if the detecting result represents water flowing thru the mixing and spraying unit, the ozone generation unit is controlled by the water flow detection unit to produce ozone; contrarily, if the detecting result represents water not following thru the mixing and spraying unit, the ozone generation unit is controlled by the water flow detection unit to terminate producing ozone. 3. The ozonated water spraying system with energy resource conversion according to claim 1, wherein the ozone generation unit includes: at least one electrode, for producing ozone by electrolysis of oxygen in consuming the electrical power delivered; and a high voltage circuit, coupled to the electrodes, the energy resource conversion device and the water flow detection unit, for receiving the electrical power delivered by the energy resource conversion device so as to apply voltages to the electrodes in response to the detecting result of the water flow detection unit. 4. The ozonated water spraying system with energy resource conversion according to claim 1, wherein the ozone generation unit further includes: a gas pump, for providing enough air pressure to press the ozone generated by the ozone generation unit to transfer to the mixing and spraying unit. 5. The ozonated water spraying system with energy resource conversion according to claim 1, wherein the energy resource conversion unit comprises: an electrical power generation unit, for converting recycled energy source into electrical power; a charging unit, coupled to the electrical power generation unit, for applying the electrical power generated by the electrical power generation unit to perform charging; and an electrical power storage unit, coupled to the charging unit and the ozonated water spraying apparatus, for storing the electrical power converted by the electrical power generation unit to supply the electrical power to the ozonated water spraying apparatus. 6. The ozonated water spraying system with energy resource conversion according to claim 5, wherein the electrical power generation unit is one of a solar power generation unit, a wind power generation unit, a hydropower generation unit, and a geothermal heat exchange unit or combinations thereof. 7. The ozonated water spraying system with energy resource conversion according to claim 5, wherein the energy resource conversion device further comprises: a power source switching unit, coupled to a public electrical distribution system, the electrical power storage unit, and the ozonated water spraying apparatus, for switching the power supply source of the ozonated water spraying apparatus between the public electrical distribution system and the electrical power storage unit. 8. The ozonated water spraying system with energy resource conversion according to claim 5, wherein the energy resource conversion device further comprises: a public electrical power storage unit, coupled between a public electrical distribution system and the electrical power storage unit, for rectifying, transforming, and regulating AC power supplied by the public electrical distribution system and transmitting the AC power to the electrical power storage unit for being stored. 9. The ozonated water spraying system with energy resource conversion according to claim 1, wherein the energy resource conversion device transfers the electrical power generated to the ozone generation unit of the ozonated water spraying apparatus. 10. The ozonated water spraying system with energy resource conversion according to claim 1, further comprising: a temperature and humidity monitoring unit, coupled to the ozonated water spraying apparatus, for controlling the ozonated water spraying apparatus in based on a detected result of the temperature and humidity of the ozonated water spraying apparatus detected in the environment. 11. The ozonated water spraying system with energy resource conversion according to claim 10, further comprising: a monitoring display unit, coupled to the temperature and humidity unit, for receiving the detecting result of the temperature and humidity monitoring unit wirelessly and displaying the detected result. 12. The ozonated water spraying system with energy resource conversion according to claim 11, further comprising: a frame capturing unit, coupled to the ozonated water spraying apparatus, for capturing an environment frame, and wirelessly transferring the captured frame signal to the monitoring display unit. 13. The ozonated water spraying system with energy resource conversion according to claim 1, further including a heating unit, coupled to the mixing and spraying unit, for heating the water flowing through to the mixing and spraying unit. 14. An ozonated water spraying apparatus, comprising: an ozone generation unit, generating ozone; a mixing and spraying unit, coupled to the ozone generation unit, being capable of mixing water with the ozone generated by the ozone generation unit and spraying ozonated water out; and a water flow detection unit, coupled to the ozone generation unit and the mixing and spraying init, being capable of controlling the ozone generation unit by detecting a result associated with water flows passing through the mixing and spraying unit. 15. The ozonated water spraying apparatus according to claim 14, wherein the water flow detection unit controls the ozone generation unit in response to the detecting result, so that if the detecting result represents water flowing thru the mixing and spraying unit, the ozone generation unit is controlled by the water flow detection unit to produce ozone; contrarily, if the detecting result represents water not following thru the mixing and spraying unit, the ozone generation unit is controlled by the water flow detection unit to terminate producing ozone. 16. The ozonated water spraying apparatus according to claim 14, wherein the ozone generation unit includes: at least one electrode, for producing ozone by electrolysis of oxygen in consuming the electrical power delivered; and a high voltage circuit, coupled to the electrodes, the energy resource conversion device and the water flow detection unit, for receiving the electrical power delivered by the energy resource conversion device so as to apply voltages to the electrodes in response to detecting water from the water flow detection unit. 17. The ozonated water spraying apparatus according to claim 14, wherein the ozone generation unit further includes: a gas pump, for providing enough air pressure to press the ozone generated by the ozone generation unit to transfer to the mixing and spraying unit. 18. The ozone water spraying apparatus according to claim 14, further including: a heating unit, coupled with the mixing and spraying unit, for heating the water passing through the mixing and spraying unit. 