A multi-junction solar module apparatus. The apparatus has a substrate member. The apparatus has a plurality of first photovoltaic devices arranged in a first spatial configuration, which is preferably disposed on a first planar region. In a specific embodiment, the plurality of first photovoltaic devices are numbered from 1 through N, where N is an integer greater than 1. Each of the plurality of first solar cells has a first bandgap characteristic. The apparatus has a plurality of second photovoltaic devices arranged in a second spatial configuration, which is preferably disposed in a second planar region. The plurality of second photovoltaic devices are numbered from 1 through M, where M is an integer greater than 1. In a preferred embodiment, N is not equal to M. Each of the second solar cells has a second band gap characteristic. In a specific embodiment, a first connector interconnects the plurality of first solar cells in a serial configuration. The first connector has a first terminal end and a second terminal end. A second connector interconnects the plurality of second solar cells in a serial configuration. The second connector has a first terminal end and a second terminal end. In a specific embodiment, a third connector connecting the second terminal end of the first connector and the first terminal end of the second connector. In a specific embodiment, a Vss node is coupled to the first terminal end of the first connector. In a specific embodiment, a Vdd node is coupled to the second terminal end of the second connector. In a preferred embodiment, N and M are selected to match a first current through the plurality of first solar cells and a second current through the plurality of second solar cells.
Claims 1. A multi-junction solar module device, the device comprising; a substrate member; a plurality of first photovoltaic devices arranged in a first spatial configuration, the plurality of first photovoltaic devices numbered from 1 through N, where N is an integer greater than 1, each of the plurality of first photovoltaic devices being, characterized by a first device area and having a first bandgap characteristic; a plurality of second photovoltaic devices arranged in a second spatial configuration, the plurality of second photovoltaic devices numbered from 1 through M, where M is an integer greater than 1, whereupon N is not equal to M, each of the second photovoltaic devices being characterized by a second device area and having a second band gap characteristic; a first connector interconnecting the plurality of first photovoltaic devices in a serial configuration, the first connector having a first terminal end and a second terminal end; a second connector interconnecting the plurality of second photovoltaic devices in a serial configuration; the second connector having a first terminal end and a second terminal end; a third connector connecting the second terminal end of the first connector and the first terminal end of the second connector; a first output node coupled to the first terminal end of the first connector; a second output node coupled to the second terminal end of the second connector; and whereupon N and M are selected to match a first current through the plurality of first photovoltaic devices and a second current through the plurality of second photovoltaic devices. 2. The device of claim 1 further comprising a glass cover overlying the plurality of second photovoltaic devices. 3. The device of claim 1 further comprising an EVA overlying the plurality of second photovoltaic devices. 4. The device of claim 1 further comprising an insulating material provided between the plurality of first photovoltaic devices. 5. The device of claim 1 wherein the first bandgap ranges from about 1.5 eV to about 1.9 eV. 6. The device of claim 1 wherein the second bandgap ranges from about 0.7 eV to about 1 eV. 7. The device of claim 1 further comprising a plurality of third photovoltaic devices arranged in a third spatial configuration, the plurality of third photovoltaic devices numbered from 1 through P, where P is an integer greater than 1, whereupon P is not equal to N or M, the plurality of third photovoltaic devices being coupled to the plurality of first photovoltaic devices and the plurality of second photovoltaic devices. 8. The device of claim 1 wherein each of the plurality of first photovoltaic devices comprises an absorber layer selected from CuInS.sub.2, SnS, Cu(In.sub.2Al)S.sub.2, Cu(In.sub.1-x), Al.sub.x)S.sub.2, Cu(In, Ga)S.sup.2, or Cu(In.sub.1-x, Ga)S.sub.2. 9. The device of claim 1 wherein each of the plurality of second photovoltaic devices comprises an absorber layer selected from CIGS, Cu.sub.2SnS.sub.3, FeS.sub.2, or Ge. 10. The device of claim 1 wherein each of the plurality of first photovoltaic devices comprises a copper indium disulfide species as an absorber layer and each of the plurality of second photovoltaic devices comprises CIGS species as an absorber layer. 11. (canceled) 12. A multi-junction solar module device, the device comprising: a substrate member; a plurality of first photovoltaic devices arranged in a first spatial configuration, the plurality of first photovoltaic devices numbered from 1 through N, where N is an integer greater than 1, each of the plurality of first photovoltaic devices being characterized by a first device area and having a first bandgap characteristic; a plurality of second photovoltaic devices arranged in a second spatial configuration, the plurality of second photovoltaic devices numbered from 1 through M, where M is an integer greater than 1, whereupon N is not equal to M, each of the second photovoltaic devices being characterized by a second device area and having a second band gap characteristic; a first plurality of connectors interconnecting the plurality of first photovoltaic devices in a parallel configuration, the first plurality of connectors having a first terminal end and a second terminal end; a second plurality of connectors interconnecting the plurality of second photovoltaic devices in a parallel configuration; the second plurality of connectors having, a first terminal end and a second terminal end; a third connector connecting the second terminal end of the first plurality of connectors and the first terminal end of the second plurality of connectors; a first output node coupled to the first terminal end of the first plurality of connectors; a second output node coupled to the second terminal end of the second plurality of connector; and whereupon N and M are selected to match a first total current through the plurality of first photovoltaic devices and a second total current through the plurality of second photovoltaic devices. 13. The device of claim 12 wherein each of the plurality of first photovoltaic devices comprises a serial or parallel combination of a plurality of third photovoltaic devices. 14. The device of claim 12 wherein each of the plurality of second photovoltaic devices comprises a serial or parallel combination of a plurality of fourth photovoltaic devices. 15. A method for making a multi-junction solar module device, the method comprising: forming a first sub-module, the first sub-module includes a plurality of first photovoltaic devices, each of the plurality of first photovoltaic devices being characterized by a first device area and having a first bandgap characteristic for providing a predetermined electrical current; interconnecting the plurality of first photovoltaic devices in a serial configuration; forming a second sub-module, the second sub-module includes a plurality of second photovoltaic devices, each of the plurality of second photovoltaic devices being characterized by a second device area and having a second bandgap characteristic for providing the predetermined electrical current; interconnecting the plurality of second photovoltaic devices in a serial configuration; mounting the first sub-module over the second sub-module. 