Described herein is a mounting system and slider clips that support simplified installation of photovoltaic structures. The mounting system comprises a support structure which can be mounted to support columns via an optional tilt table. The support structure comprises a plurality of parallel spaced beams and a plurality of parallel spaced rails that are mounted approximately perpendicular to the beams. Disclosed embodiments describe a collapsible support structure in which the rails are pivotally mounted to the beams. Rails are preassembled with prefabricated slider clips for holding edge portions of the photovoltaic structures. Rails can also be integrally formed with slider clips. Described herein are also methods of installing one or more photovoltaic structures using the mounting system and methods for manufacturing slider clips and a photovoltaic structure mounting system.
Claims 1-73. (canceled) 74. A method of manufacturing a clip for holding a photovoltaic structure to a support structure, said method comprising: forming an integral structure having a common support area; and forming a pair of extending panel holding elements each extending in opposite directions from said common support area, one of said panel holding elements extending from said common support area to a greater extent than the other of said panel holding elements. 75. The method of claim 74, wherein said integral structure is formed from a metal material. 76. The method of claim 75, wherein said integral structure is formed from a stainless steel material. 77. The method of claim 74, wherein said common support area includes mounting portions for mounting said integral structure to the support structure. 78. The method of claim 77, wherein said mounting portions comprise at least one hole passing through said common support area for allowing a fastener to pass through the at least one hole. 79. The method as in claim 74, wherein said panel holding elements are formed to have a height from a bottom of said clip sufficient to hold an edge of said photovoltaic structure to said support structure. 80. The method of claim 74, wherein each of said panel holding elements is formed with a sidewall of a respective C-shaped panel holding area, each C-shaped panel holding area extending in opposite directions from said common support area, the length of one of said C-shaped panel holding areas being greater than the length of the other of said C-shaped panel holding areas. 81. The method of claim 80, further comprising providing a resilient material on the C-shaped panel holding area for engaging with the photovoltaic structure. 82-109. (canceled) 110. A method of manufacturing a clip for holding a photovoltaic structure to a support structure, said method comprising: forming a S-shaped frame having an extended bottom portion and an extended top portion for holding a photovoltaic structure to the support structure and a sidewall connecting one end of the bottom portion to one end of the top portion; and forming a C-shaped holding element having a vertical barrier abutting the sidewall of the frame and connecting one end of a top section to one end of a bottom section, the top section being attached to the underside of the top portion of the frame and the bottom section being located on the bottom portion of the frame. 111. The method of claim 110, wherein the extended top portion is formed with an angle equal to or less than 90 degrees with respect to the extended bottom portion. 112. The method of claim 110, wherein the extended top portion is formed with at least two angled structures protruding from the top surface for holding the holding element in place with the frame. 113. The method of claim 112, wherein the angled structures are formed as teeth and the top section of the holding element is formed with a curved element for engaging with the teeth to hold the holding element in place with the frame. 114. The method of claim 113, wherein the curved element forms a hook above the top section of the holding element. 115. The method of claim 110, wherein the top surface of the bottom section is formed with raised areas protruding to resist photovoltaic structure movement. 116. The method of claim 115, wherein the raised areas comprise teeth and the teeth are angled towards the barrier of the holding element to hold the photovoltaic structure in place between the top and bottom sections of the holding element. 117. The method of claim 115, wherein the bottom surface of the top section is resistant to photovoltaic structure movement. 118. The method of claim 110, further comprising forming said frame with a fastening area for securing to the support structure, said fastening area comprises a flat middle section of the holding element extending perpendicular to the lower end of the barrier. 119. The method of claim 110, further comprising forming two S-shaped frames sharing a common bottom portion and a C-shaped holding element associated with each of the frames, the top portions of the two frames extending in opposite directions from their respective sidewall. 120. The method of claim 119, wherein one of the two extended top portions is formed to be longer than the other of the two extended top portions, and wherein the C-shaped holding element associated with the longer of the two extended top portions is longer than the C-shaped holding element associated with the shorter of the two extended top portions. 121. The method of claim 120, wherein each C-shaped holding element further comprises a flat middle section extending perpendicular to the lower end of the respective barrier, and wherein the two C-shaped holding elements share a common middle section connecting the barriers of the two C-shaped holding elements. 