The subject matter disclosed herein relates to solar panels to generate electrical energy. In particular, solar panels configured to efficiently receive scattered light are disclosed.
Claims 1. A solar energy collecting system comprising: two or more substantially planer portions that assemble to form a three dimensional solar panel configuration so that a surface area to accommodate photovoltaic cells on said three dimensional solar panel configuration is substantially greater than a footprint area of said three dimensional solar panel configuration. 2. The solar energy collecting system of claim 1, wherein said footprint area comprises an area of a projection in any direction of said three dimensional solar panel configuration onto a geometric plane. 3. The solar energy collecting system of claim 1, wherein said three dimensional solar panel configuration comprises at least a portion of an n-sided pyramid, where n equals three or more. 4. The solar energy collecting system of claim 3, wherein said substantially planer portions have a shape comprising a triangular shape or a truncated triangular shape so that said substantially planer portions fit together to, form at least a portion of said n-sided pyramid. 5. The solar energy collecting system of claim 3, further comprising: placing said photovoltaic cells on an inward side of said three dimensional solar panel configuration. 6. The solar energy collecting, system of claim 1, wherein said three dimensional solar panel configuration comprises at least a portion of a cone comprising a substantially circular or substantially oval cross-section. 7. The solar energy collecting system of claim 1, wherein said substantially planer portions comprise relatively thin sheet-like panels. 8. The solar energy collecting system of claim 1, wherein an assembly of said planar portions comprises ridges individually formed by pairs of said planar portions. 9. A three-dimensional solar panel comprising: as assembly of three or more relatively thin panels on which are mounted'one or more photovoltaic cells, wherein at least three of said three or more panels are individually oriented to respectively receive light from different directions and are angled with respect to one another so that geometric lines normal to said three or more panels comprise two or more substantially nonparallel lines. 10. The three-dimensional solar panel of claim 9, wherein said assembly of three or more relatively thin panels has a shape comprising at least a portion of a three-sided pyramid. 11. The three-dimensional solar panel of claim 9, wherein said assembly of three or more relatively thin panels has a shape comprising at least a portion of a three-sided pyramid having a height so as to have a greater surface area than that of a four- or more-sided pyramid having said height. 12. The three-dimensional solar panel of, claim 9, wherein said three-dimensional solar panel is free from light-focusing elements. 13. A method comprising: grouping portions of a solar panel configuration including solar panels comprising particular shapes that fit together to form a substantially pyramidal shape, wherein surfaces on an inward or outward side of said pyramidal shape comprise active regions of said solar panels to generate electricity in response to receiving light. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein said particular shapes comprise substantially triangular shapes or truncated triangular shapes. 15. The method of claim 13, further comprising: assembling said solar panels together to form said pyramidal shape by folding or unfolding said solar panels with respect to one another. 16. The method of claim 13, wherein said pyramidal shape comprises a three-sided pyramidal shape. 17. The method of claim 13, further comprising: mounting said pyramidal shape to a substantially vertical surface. 18. A method comprising: generating electrical energy by receiving a portion of sunlight impinging on photovoltaic cells, wherein said sunlight comprises scattered sunlight scattered by clouds; and generating electrical energy by receiving another portion of sunlight impinging on said photovoltaic cells, wherein said sunlight comprises collimated light from the sun, wherein said portion is greater than said another portion. 19. The method of claim 18, further comprising: changing a shape of a surface on which said photovoltaic cells are mounted in response to sunlight conditions. 20. The method of claim 19, wherein said sunlight conditions include one or more of clear, sunny, cloudy, hazy, smoky, and foggy. 