A power generation system that includes a heat source loop, a heat engine loop, and a heat reclaiming loop. The heat can be waste heat from a steam turbine, industrial process or refrigeration or air-conditioning system, solar heat collectors or geothermal sources. The heat source loop may also include a heat storage medium to allow continuous operation even when the source of heat is intermittent. Heat from the heat source loop is introduced into the heat reclaiming loop or turbine loop. In the turbine loop a working fluid is boiled, injected into the turbine, recovered condensed and recycled. The power generation system further includes a heat reclaiming loop having a fluid that extracts heat from the turbine loop. The fluid of the heat reclaiming loop is then raised to a higher temperature and then placed in heat exchange relationship with the working fluid of the turbine loop. The power generating system is capable of using low temperature waste heat is approximately of 150 degrees F. or less. The turbine includes one or more blades mounted on a rotating member. The turbine also includes one or more nozzles capable of introducing the gaseous working fluid, at a very shallow angle on to the surface of the blade or blades at a very high velocity. The pressure differential between the upstream and downstream surfaces of the blade as well as the change in direction of the high velocity hot gas flow create a combined force to impart rotation to the rotary member.
Claims 1. A gas turbine comprising; a rotating member, said member configured as a generally circular disk having a first planar face and a second planar face, said rotating member further including a peripheral outer surface contiguous with both said first planar surface and said second outer surface and, a blade mounted on the peripheral outer surface of said rotating member and having a height extending radially outward from said peripheral outer surface and a width extending between said first planar surface and said second planar surface; said blade having a concave surface on a first side of the blade and a convex surface on a second side of the blade, both the convex and concave surfaces extending from a location adjacent the first planar surface to a location adjacent the second planar surface; a source of gaseous working fluid; a housing enclosing said rotating member, said housing having at least one gas inlet port and at least one gas exhaust port and a chamber sized and configured to receive said rotating member; each of said at least one gas inlet port including a nozzle creating a gas flow of very high velocity, said nozzle having a tapered tip at the exit of the nozzle for directing the very high velocity gas flow at a very shallow angle on to the concave surface of said blade, wherein said high velocity gas flow exits said nozzle and enters nearly straight on to the concave surface of said blade, the high velocity gas flow then turns and follows the curvature of said concave surface and exits the concave surface of said blade flowing in a direction nearly 120 degrees from the direction that the high velocity gas flow entered upon the concave surface of the blade thereby imparting a momentum equal to almost twice the momentum of the high velocity gas flow. 2. The gas turbine of claim 1, wherein said high velocity gas flow across the concave surface of the blade creates a higher pressure adjacent the concave surface of the blade than the pressure adjacent the convex surface of the blade, whereby the pressure differential multiplied by the surface are of the blade produces a force which is used to turn the rotating member. 3. The gas turbine of claim 2, wherein said nozzle has a converging internal flow path to force the hot gas to flow at a very high velocity. 4. The gas turbine of claim 3, wherein said nozzle also has a diverging internal flow path which will increase the velocity to a supersonic flow whereby the useful momentum of the hot gases are increased. 5. The gas turbine of claim 1, wherein said rotating member has at least one dovetail shaped mounting slot into which the blade can be slid into from the side, said blade having a wedge shaped base with mounting holes through which pins and bolts are installed thereby holding the blades in place once they are slid into place in the mounting slot. 6. The gas turbine of claim 5, wherein said rotating member has a plurality of dovetail mounting slots, and one of said blades mounted in each of said mounting slots. 7. The gas turbine of claim 1, wherein the gas flow is introduced at a very shallow angle of about 10 degrees between the flow inlet and the blade. 8. The gas turbine of claim 1, wherein said housing includes a left end bell, a right end bell, and a ring that are sized and configured to enclose, seal, and support the rotating member. 9. The gas turbine of claim 8, wherein said rotating member is mounted on a shaft, and said shaft is supported by bearings that are mounted in both said left end bell and said right end bell. 10. The gas turbine of claim 9, wherein said shaft is operatively connected to an electrical generator or other mechanical device to extract work from the rotating member. 11. A power generating system comprising; a thermodynamic heat source loop having an external heat source of approximately 150.degree. F. or less and a first working fluid in heat exchange relationship with a heat source; a first pump within said heat source loop to circulate said first working fluid and a heat exchanger; a thermodynamic heat engine loop having a second working fluid, said second working fluid being a refrigerant and a pump in said thermodynamic heat engine loop to circulate said second working fluid and raise its pressure during the thermodynamic cycle; and a heat engine in fluid communication with said second working fluid and a thermodynamic heat reclaiming loop having a third working fluid, said third working fluid being a refrigerant and a compressor in said thermodynamic heat reclaiming loop to circulate said third working fluid and increase the pressure and temperature of the third working fluid within the heat reclaiming loop, said heat exchanger transferring heat from said first working fluid to said third working fluid; said heat reclaiming loop having a heat input heat exchanger and a separate heat output heat exchanger, whereby said input heat exchanger transfers heat from the heat engine loop to said heat reclaiming loop and said output heat exchanger transfers heat into said heat engine loop from said heat reclaiming loop. 12. The power generating system of claim 11, wherein said second working fluid will operate at temperatures of less than 300.degree. F. and at pressures of less than 200 psig and the working fluid will condense at temperatures as low as 80.degree. F. and boil at about 70.degree. F. when circulated through the thermodynamic heat engine loop. 13. The power generating system of claim 11 wherein said thermodynamic heat source loop includes a holding tank containing a heat storage medium, said heat storage medium being a phase change material that will change from a solid to a liquid at a given constant temperature, whereby the heat of fusion of the heat storage material facilitates the storage of large amounts of heat in a small volume. 14. The power generating system of claim 11 wherein said heat source originates with waste heat from an air-conditioning system, other power plant or other thermo dynamic systems. 15. The power generating system of claim 12 wherein said heat source includes a power plant turbine condenser. 16. The power generating system of claim 12 wherein said heat source includes a thermal solar array. 17. The power generating system of claim 12 wherein said heat source is geothermal. 18. The power generating system of claim 12 wherein said heat engine includes a rotating member, said member configured as a generally circular disk having a first planar face and a second planar face, said rotating member further including a peripheral outer surface contiguous with both said first planar surface and said second outer surface and, a blade mounted on the peripheral outer surface of said rotating member and having a height extending radially outward from said peripheral outer surface and a width extending between said first planar surface and said second planar surface; said blade having a concave surface on a first side of the blade and a convex surface on a second side of the blade, both the convex and concave surfaces extending from a location adjacent the first planar surface to a location adjacent the second planar surface; a source of gaseous working fluid; a housing enclosing said rotating member, said housing having at least one gas inlet port for introducing said second working fluid into said heat engine, and at least one gas exhaust port and a chamber sized and configured to receive said rotating member; each of said at least one gas inlet port including a nozzle creating a gas flow of very high velocity, said nozzle having a tapered tip at the exit of the nozzle for directing the very high velocity gas flow at a very shallow angle on to the concave surface of said blade. 19. The power system of claim 18 wherein said high velocity gas flow exits said nozzle and enters nearly straight on to the concave surface of said blade, the high velocity gas flow then turns and follows the curvature of said concave surface and exits the concave surface of said blade flowing in a direction in the range of 120 to nearly 180 degrees from the direction that the high velocity gas flow entered upon the concave surface of the blade thereby imparting a momentum equal to almost twice the momentum of the high velocity gas flow. 20. The power system of claim 19, wherein said high velocity gas flow across the concave surface of the blade creates a higher pressure adjacent the concave surface of the blade than the pressure adjacent the convex surface of the blade, whereby the pressure differential multiplied by the surface are of the blade produces a force which is used to turn the rotating member. 21. The power system of claim 12 wherein said thermodynamic heat engine loop includes a waste heat output heat exchanger and a separate heat reclaiming input heat exchanger, said waste heat output exchanger being in indirect heat exchange relationship with said heat reclaiming loop heat input heat exchanger and, said heat reclaiming input heat exchanger being in indirect heat exchange relationship with said heat reclaiming loop heat output heat exchanger. 22. The power system of claim 12 wherein the thermodynamic heat reclaiming loop includes an expansion valve thereby reducing the pressure in the heat reclaiming loop and counterbalancing the compressor and at the same time producing a cooling action necessary to remove heat from the thermodynamic heat engine loop 23. The power system of claim 22 wherein the thermodynamic heat reclaiming loop further includes a first pressure regulating valve that prevents the pressure from the expansion valve from dropping too low thereby avoiding overcooling of the reclaiming loop output heat exchanger and a second pressure regulator that prevents the pressure from the compressor from dropping too low. 24. The power system of claim 23 wherein the thermodynamic heat reclaiming loop further includes an accumulator that catches stray liquid thereby preventing stray liquid from reaching the compressor and causing damage and a holding vessel which holds a sufficient supply of refrigerant to prevent a shortage of said third working fluid. 25. The power system of claim 24 wherein the thermodynamic heat reclaiming loop further includes a sub-cooling heat exchanger which expels excess heat from the heat reclaiming loop to the atmosphere as required thereby keeping the third working fluid from creating unwanted gas bubbles that can cause the valves to malfunction and a filter and drier element that removes stray particles and moisture from the third working fluid thereby preventing icing, damage and corrosion. 26. The power system of claim 12 wherein the thermodynamic heat source loop includes bypass valves which permit bypassing the heat source around said heat exchanger when desired, thereby bypassing the heat into a dump load. 27. The power system of claim 26 wherein said thermodynamic heat source loop includes a relief valve to avoid the buildup of a damaging excess of pressure. 28. A power generating system comprising; a thermodynamic heat source loop having an external heat source of approximately 150.degree. F. or less and a first working fluid in heat exchange relationship with a heat source; a first pump within said heat source loop to circulate said first working fluid to a heat storage tank and a buffering heat source loop including a second pump that transfers heat from said heat storage tank to a heat exchanger; a thermodynamic heat engine loop having a second working fluid, said second working fluid being a refrigerant and a pump in said thermodynamic heat engine loop to circulate said second working fluid and raise its pressure during the thermodynamic cycle; and a heat engine in fluid communication with said second working fluid and a thermodynamic heat reclaiming loop having a third working fluid, said third working fluid being a refrigerant and a compressor in said thermodynamic heat reclaiming loop to circulate said third working fluid and increase the pressure and temperature of the third working fluid within the heat reclaiming loop, said heat exchanger transferring heat from said first working fluid to said third working fluid; said heat reclaiming loop having a heat input heat exchanger and a separate heat output heat exchanger, whereby said input heat exchanger transfers heat from the heat engine loop to said heat reclaiming loop and said output heat exchanger transfers heat into said heat engine loop from said heat reclaiming loop said heat engine includes a rotating member, said member configured as a generally circular disk having a first planar face and a second planar face, said rotating member further including a peripheral outer surface contiguous with both said first planar surface and said second outer surface and, at least one blade mounted on the peripheral outer surface of said rotating member and having a height extending radially outward from said peripheral outer surface and a width extending between said first planar surface and said second planar surface; said blade having a concave surface on a first side of the blade and a convex surface on a second side of the blade, both the convex and concave surfaces extending from a location adjacent the first planar surface to a location adjacent the second planar surface; a housing enclosing said rotating member, said housing having at least one gas inlet port for introducing said second working fluid into said heat engine, and at least one gas exhaust port and a chamber sized and configured to receive said rotating member; each of said at least one gas inlet port including a nozzle creating a gas flow of very high velocity, said nozzle having a tapered tip at the exit of the nozzle for directing the very high velocity gas flow at a very shallow angle on to the concave surface of said blade, said high velocity gas flow exits said nozzle and enters nearly straight on to the concave surface of said blade, the high velocity gas flow then turns and follows the curvature of said concave surface and exits the concave surface of said blade flowing in a direction of between approximately 120 to nearly 180 degrees from the direction that the high velocity gas flow entered upon the concave surface of the blade thereby imparting a momentum equal to almost twice the momentum of the high velocity gas flow, and, said high velocity gas flow across the concave surface of the blade creates a higher pressure adjacent the concave surface of the blade than the pressure adjacent the convex surface of the blade, whereby the pressure differential multiplied by the surface are of the blade produces a force which is used to turn the rotating member. 29. The power generating system of claim 28, wherein said second working fluid will operate at temperatures of less than 300.degree. F. and at pressures of less than 200 psig and the working fluid will condense at temperatures as low as 80.degree. F. and boil at about 70.degree. F. when circulated through the thermodynamic heat engine loop. 30. The power generating system of claim 28 wherein said heat storage tank includes a holding tank containing a heat storage medium, said heat storage medium being a phase change material that will change from a solid to a liquid at a given constant temperature, whereby the heat of fusion of the heat storage material facilitating the storage of large amounts of heat in a small volume. 31. The power generating system of claim 28 wherein said heat source originates with waste heat from an air-conditioning system or refrigeration system. 32. The power generating system of claim 28 wherein said heat source includes a power plant turbine condenser. 33. The power generating system of claim 28 wherein said heat source is geothermal or solar. 34. The power system of claim 28 wherein said thermodynamic heat engine loop includes a waste heat output heat exchanger and a separate heat reclaiming input heat exchanger, said waste heat output exchanger being in indirect heat exchange relationship with said heat reclaiming loop heat input heat exchanger and, said heat reclaiming input heat exchanger being in indirect heat exchange relationship with said heat reclaiming loop heat output heat exchanger. 35. The power system of claim 28 wherein the thermodynamic heat reclaiming loop includes an expansion valve thereby reducing the pressure in the heat reclaiming loop and counterbalancing the compressor and at the same time producing a cooling action necessary to remove heat from the thermodynamic heat engine loop 36. The power system of claim 35 wherein the thermodynamic heat reclaiming loop further includes a first pressure regulating valve that prevents the pressure from the expansion valve from dropping too low thereby avoiding overcooling of the reclaiming loop output heat exchanger and a second pressure regulator that prevents the pressure from the compressor from dropping too low. 37. The power system of claim 36 wherein the thermodynamic heat reclaiming loop further includes an accumulator that catches stray liquid thereby preventing stray liquid from reaching the compressor and causing damage and a holding vessel which holds a sufficient supply of refrigerant for prevent a shortage of said third working fluid. 38. The power system of claim 37 wherein the thermodynamic heat reclaiming loop further includes a sub-cooling heat exchanger which expels excess heat from the heat reclaiming loop to the atmosphere as required thereby keeping the third working fluid from creating unwanted gas bubbles that can cause the valves to malfunction and a filter and drier element that removes stray particles and moisture from the third working fluid thereby preventing icing, damage and corrosion. 39. The power system of claim 28 wherein the thermodynamic heat source loop includes bypass valves which permit bypassing the heat source around said heat exchanger when desired, thereby bypassing the heat into a dump load. 40. The power system of claim 39 wherein said thermodynamic heat source loop includes a relief valve to avoid the buildup of a damaging excess of pressure. 41. The power system of claim 28 wherein the thermodynamic heat source loop and the buffering loop each include expansion tanks to prevent suction pressures from falling too low and causing pump cavitation and to prevent corrosion. 42. The power system of claim 28 wherein a de-superheater is located immediately downstream of said heat engine whereby excess heat is dumped to the environment. 43. The power system of claim 38 further including a water cooled condenser heat exchanger located immediately downstream of the sub cooler heat exchanger that is used only during start up and adjustment phases of operation of the system. 44. The power system of claim 42 wherein the heat engine loop includes a sub cooler located downstream of said de-superheater and upstream of a circulation pump. 45. The power system of claim 44 wherein said sub cooler is refrigerated. 46. The power system of claim 44 wherein said sub cooler is air cooled. 