A vertical elongated kiosk with a floor-engaging portion is equipped with a handle and optional wheels adjacent a rear surface to facilitate is mobility. A deck region has a dispenser which may include a spout from which hand/surface sanitizer is dispensed in response to a motion sensor. Electrical power is provided alternatively by a storage battery which may be recharged by a solar panel or an ac outlet plug. A wireless receiver/transmitter communicates with a remote base computer to control and monitor the operation of the kiosk. Informational displays, both video and placard, can be accommodated and a business card dispenser provided.
Claims 1. A hand/surface-sanitizing kiosk comprising a) a vertical support structure including a floor-engaging portion and a station from which a hand/surface cleanser is dispensed; b) a dispenser for delivering a quantity of hand/surface cleanser to said station; c) external surface area adapted to receive advertising/promotional/informational messages. 2. The hand/surface-sanitizing kiosk of claim 1 wherein said station comprises an area positioned waist high, said area resembling a sink with a spout. 3. The hand/surface-sanitizing kiosk of claim 2 said dispenser including a container for said hand/surface cleanser, a pump for delivering said hand/surface cleanser from said container to said spout in said area, and an energy source for powering said pump. 4. The hand/surface-sanitizing kiosk of claim 3 wherein said energy source is selected from the group consisting of a storage battery and an electrical cord which is plugged into an ac outlet. 5. The hand/surface-sanitizing kiosk of claim 4 further comprising a solar collector for recharging said storage battery. 6. The hand/surface-sanitizing kiosk of claim 1 further comprising support means beneath said floor engaging portion for stabilizing said hand/surface-sanitizing kiosk. 7. The hand/surface-sanitizing kiosk of claim 6 wherein said support means, comprises a plurality of wheels. 8. The hand/surface-sanitizing kiosk of claim 1 further comprising substantially flat regions located on exterior surface portions of said rectangular body to mount graphic displays. 9. The hand/surface-sanitizing kiosk of claim 8 wherein said graphic displays are selected from a group consisting of a) regulatory-compliant tutorials on the use of said kiosk; b) advertising placards; c) informational blurbs; d) business cards; e) video broadcasts. 10. The hand/surface-sanitizing kiosk of claim 8 wherein said graphic displays are presented on a video display. 11. A hand/surface-sanitizing kiosk comprising a) an elongated rectangular body, said body including a floor engaging portion and a waist-high station resembling a sink; b) a dispenser for delivering a quantity of hand/surface cleanser, said dispenser including a container for said hand/surface cleanser, a pump for delivering said hand/surface cleanser from said container to said area, and a battery for powering said pump; c) substantially flat regions located on exterior surface portions of said rectangular body to mount graphic displays. 12. The portable hand/surface-sanitizing kiosk of claim 11 wherein said graphic displays are selected from a group consisting of a) regulatory-compliant tutorials on the use of said kiosk; b) advertising placards; c) informational blurbs; d) business cards; e) video broadcasts. 13. The portable hand/surface-sanitizing kiosk of claim 11 wherein said graphic displays are presented on a video monitor. 14. The portable hand/surface-sanitizing kiosk of claim 11 further comprising a plurality of wheels mounted adjacent a lower rear edge of said floor-engaging portion to facilitate transport of said portable hand/surface-sanitizing kiosk. 15. The portable hand/surface-sanitizing kiosk of claim 11 further comprising sensors for gathering data by monitoring a) levels of said waterless cleanser in said container; b) power levels in said storage battery; c) regulatory compliance information relating to time and number of activations of said motion sensor; d) location of said portable hand/surface-sanitizing kiosk. 16. The portable hand/surface-sanitizing kiosk of claim 11 further comprising wireless transmission means to transmit said data to a computer server and wireless receiving means enabling the computer server to remotely adjust operation of said portable hand/surface-sanitizing kiosk. 17. A business method of generating a revenue stream comprising the steps of a) positioning a portable hand-surface sanitizing kiosk in a retail establishment; b) selling ad space for placards on a plurality of external surfaces of said kiosk; c) selling electronic advertising messages to be shown on a video screen secured to a portion of said kiosk; d) dividing said revenue stream between a manufacturer of said kiosk, an owner of said retail establishment and a broker responsible for selling said ad space. 