An air conditioning system using a solar cell, which uses the electricity effectively by heating the heat devices for designated time and a method for driving the system. The air conditioning system includes a solar cell generating electricity from solar light, a power distribution control part controlling operating voltage of the electricity of the solar cell and distributing to a battery or to the heating element, a control terminal generating a user command signal and an interface part controlling the power distribution control part in response to a command signal from the control terminal.
Claims 1. An air conditioning system comprising: a solar cell generating electricity from solar light; a power distribution control part controlling operating voltage of the electricity of the solar cell and distributing to a battery or a heating element; a control terminal generating a user command signal; and an interface part controlling the power distribution control part in response to a command signal from the control terminal, wherein the interface part comprises a first communication module which is a communication interface between the control terminal and the interface part; a second communication module which is a communication interface between the interface part and the power distribution control part; a monitoring part monitoring status of the air conditioning system; a first control module controlling the monitoring part; a second control module controlling electrical power supply to the heating element by controlling the power distribution control part; and a time control module receiving a command signal from the control terminal and controlling the second control module to operate the heating element during time of a key-corresponding signal included in the command signal. 2. The air conditioning system of claim 1, wherein the heating element comprises one of a seat heater, an engine inner heater and a heat storage part. 3. The air conditioning system of claim 2, wherein the interface part comprises a decision module letting the time control module to control the second control module during the time of the key-corresponding signal when the command signal from the control terminal includes the key-corresponding signal. 4. The air conditioning system of claim 1, wherein the monitoring part comprises one of a display device or an alarm device. 5. A method for driving an air conditioning system using solar cell comprising: a) transferring a command signal from a control terminal to an interface part; b) controlling a power distribution control part in response to the command signal; and c) operating a heating element in response to the power distribution control part. 6. The method for driving the air conditioning system of claim 5, further comprising: d) terminating the operation of the heating element when a set-time is ended; wherein the step of b) comprises: transferring the command signal from a first communication module to a decision module; based on the command signal, deciding if an operating time is set up by the decision module; transferring the command signal from the decision module to a first control module, a time control module and a second control module; and displaying an operating status in response to the command signal by the first control module, and operating timing operation during the set-up time by the time control module, and controlling the power distribution control part by the second control module. 