An apparatus (1) for generating electricity using photovoltaic panels (2) comprises a panel (2) mounting structure (4) adapted to position the panels in a body of water in such a way that the top faces (3) of the panels (2) designed to receive the solar radiation are operatively covered by a layer of water of predetermined depth. A method for generating electricity using photovoltaic panels (2) comprises preparing a panel (2) mounting structure (4) and positioning the structure (4) in a body of water in such a way that the top faces (3) of the panels (2) designed to receive the solar radiation are operatively covered by a layer of water of predetermined thickness.
Claims 1. An apparatus (1) for generating electricity using photovoltaic panels (2), having: a panel (2) mounting structure (4) adapted to position the panels in a body of water in such a way that the top faces (3) of the panels (2) designed to receive the solar radiation are operatively covered by a layer of water of predetermined thickness; a frame (5) connected to the panels (2); at least one float (6) connected to the frame (5); anchoring means (7) for securing the frame (5) to the bottom of the body of water, wherein the frame (5) comprises a first portion (12) connected to the anchoring means (7) and a second portion (13) rotating relative to the first portion (12) about an axis perpendicular to the surface of the body of water, the panels (2) being fixed to said second portion (13) of the frame (5), to be movably connected to the first portion (12) of the mounting frame (5) to rotate about said axis; and in that the apparatus comprises drive means associated with the frame (5) for automatically rotating the second portion (13) of the frame (5) and the panels (2) as one with it about said axis perpendicular to the water surface. 2. The apparatus according to claim 1, comprising means for varying the distance of the panels (2) submerged in the body of water from the surface of the water. 3. The apparatus according to claim 2, wherein said means for varying the depth of the panels (2) comprise one or more sealed chambers (10) connected to means for feeding fluids of different density into the chambers (10). 4. The apparatus according to claim 2, comprising a control unit connected to a depth detector and to the variation means for automatically adjusting the depth of the panels (2) in order to optimize the efficiency of energy conversion. 5. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the first frame portion (12) is annular in shape. 6. The apparatus according to claim 1, comprising drive means associated with the frame (5) and operating on the panels (2) to incline them with respect to the water surface, the panels being movably connected to the mounting frame (5) so that they can be inclined by rotation about axes parallel to the water surface. 7. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the panels (2) are positioned relative to the frame (5) at a fixed angle to the water surface or are movable by rotation about axes parallel to the water surface between a set number of predetermined angled positions. 8. The apparatus according to claim 1, comprising a plurality of floating units (14) connected to each other to form a modular apparatus, the first frame portion (12) of each of said units being annular in shape and the second portion (13) being rotatably mounted in it. 9. The apparatus according to claim 1, comprising a pumping device designed to pump water from the body of water onto the top faces (3) of the panels (2), thereby creating said layer of water, the structure (4) being designed to keep the panels (2) above the surface of the water. 10. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the layer of water has a thickness that may vary in a range between 1 and 2000 mm. 11. A method for generating electricity using photovoltaic panels (2), comprising the following steps: preparing a structure (4) for mounting the panels (2); placing the structure (4) in a body of water in such a way that the top faces (3) of the panels (2) designed to receive the solar radiation are operatively covered by a layer of water of predetermined thickness; turning at least a portion (13) of the frame (5) and the panels (2) associated with it about an axis perpendicular to the surface of the body of water. 12. The method according to claim 11, comprising a step of varying the distance of the panels (2) from the surface of the body of water, the panels (2) being submerged in the water. 13. The method according to claim 12, comprising the steps of: measuring said distance; automatically adjusting the depth of the panels (2) in order to optimize the efficiency of energy conversion. 14. The method according to claim 11, comprising a step of inclining the panels (2) relative to the surface of the body of water, the panels being movably connected to the mounting frame (5) or being movable between predetermined inclined positions or being positioned at a fixed angle to the frame (5). 15. The method according to claim 11, comprising a step of pumping water from the body of water onto the top faces (3) of the panels (2), thereby creating said layer of water, the panels (2) being positioned above the surface of the water. 16. The method according to claim 11, wherein the layer of water has a thickness that may vary in a range between 1 and 2000 mm. 17. The method according to claim 11, comprising a step of connecting a plurality of floating units (14) to each other to form a modular apparatus, the first portion (12) of the frame (5) of each of said units (14) being annular in shape and the second portion (13) of the frame (5) being rotatably mounted in it and connected to the photovoltaic panels (2). 