A modular emergency power system architecture (200) with a plurality of output power supply lines for feeding power to a destination, in which the operational status of each output power supply line is configurable. The architecture comprises a plurality of load bars (208, 209) from which power is delivered to the destination. The load bars (208, 209) are selectively connectable to send power to or receive AC power from a mains supply (202) and/or a DC bus (210) via one or more AC/DC power conversion modules (212, 214). The DC bus (210) is connected to receive a secondary (e.g. emergency) power supply (218, 224). The architecture may provide redundancy and on-the-fly reconfigurability to complement changes in the physical location of critical components in the destination, e.g. caused by virtualisation, zoning or repair. The architecture is operable as a stand-alone uninterruptible power supply (UPS) or as an extended runtime generator for an existing UPS.
Claims 1-30. (canceled) 31. An emergency power supply apparatus comprising: a plurality of load bars conveying power to a load, the plurality of load bars being connectable in parallel to a primary power source via a switch unit, which selectively connects one or more of the plurality of load bars to the primary power source; a DC bus arranged to receive DC power from a secondary power source; a plurality of power conversion modules, each power conversion module being connectable between the DC bus and a respective load bar and being selectively configurable in use for at least one of transferring power from the respective load bar to the DC bus; or transferring power from the DC bus to the respective load bar; and a controller in communication with the power conversion modules to set a power transfer direction between each load bar and the DC bus thereby to control an operational state for each load bar. 32. The apparatus according to claim 31, wherein the plurality of power conversion module is configurable by the controller to switch each load bar between the following operational states: DC bus feed, in which when the primary power source is active a power conversion module acts to transfer power from its respective load bar to the DC bus; AC export, in which when the primary power source is inactive a power conversion module acts to transfer power from the DC bus to its respective load bar for export from the apparatus; critical (no break) AC feed, in which a power conversion module acts to transfer unbroken power from the DC bus to its respective load bar at all times; and urgent (minimal break) AC feed, in which when the primary power source is active power is fed from it directly to a respective load bar, which is connected directly to the load, but when the primary power source is inactive a power conversion module acts to transfer power to the respective load bar from the DC bus. 33. The apparatus according to claim 31, wherein each power conversion module is activatable to form a connection between the DC bus and any one of the plurality of load bars. 34. The apparatus according to claim 33, wherein each activated power conversion module is arranged to occupy one of the following operating modes: rectifier mode, in which the power conversion module is connected to one of the load bars to transfer power therefrom to the DC bus; and inverter mode, in which the power conversion module is connected to one of the load bars to transfer power thereto from the DC bus. 35. The apparatus according to claim 34, wherein a plurality of power conversion modules are connected to a common load bar of the plurality of load bars, and wherein each of the activated power conversion modules connected to that common load bar occupy the same operating mode. 36. The apparatus according to claim 33, wherein the load bar to which each power conversion module is connected and/or the operating mode of each power conversion module is selectable. 37. The apparatus according to claim 32 arranged to detect the status of the primary power source, wherein the operational states of the load bars are controlled based on the detected status. 38. The apparatus according to claim 37, wherein the primary power source is an AC source and wherein at least one of: the switch unit applies a detection signal to a power signal from the primary power source, and the power conversion modules are arranged to recognize the detection signal to determine whether or not power from the primary power source is present on the load bar; or the power conversion modules connected to a load bar occupying the urgent (minimal break) state are arranged to operate as an inverter to move the frequency of the load bar above the frequency of the power signal from the primary power source, and the power conversion modules are arranged to detect the frequency on the load bar to determine whether or not power from the primary power source is present on the load bar. 39. The apparatus according to claim 34, wherein the secondary power source includes a DC generator, such an a fuel cell generator or photovoltaic cell, and a bridge power module arranged to maintain the voltage of the DC bus in the event of a power outage at the primary power source. 40. The apparatus according to claim 39, wherein one or more power control modules operating in the rectifier mode, the DC generator and the bridge power module are arranged to provide power to the DC bus autonomously according to a priority protocol. 41. The apparatus according to claim 31, wherein the load is partitioned into a plurality of zones and each load bar is connectable to each zone, whereby the power capacity and/or availability at each zone is selectively controllable. 42. An extended run generator for providing back up power to an uninterruptible power supply for critical loads in a destination in the event of a mains outage, the generator comprising: a secondary power source; and emergency power supply apparatus according to claim 32, in which: the DC bus is connected to receive power from the secondary power source, and a first load bar occupying the urgent (minimal break) AC feed state, which, in the event of a mains outage, is connected by one or more power conversion modules to transfer power from the DC bus the uninterruptible power supply. 43. An uninterruptible power supply (UPS) for providing unbroken power to critical loads in a destination in the event of a mains outage, the UPS comprising: a secondary power source; and emergency power supply apparatus according to claim 32, in which: the DC bus is connected to receive power from the secondary power source, a first load bar is connected via the switch unit to the mains and connected by one or more power conversion modules to transfer power to the DC bus, and a second load bar is connected by one or more power conversion modules to receive power from the DC bus for powering the critical loads. 44. A method of testing and initialising a power conversion module in emergency power supply apparatus according to claim 34, the method comprising: connecting the power conversion module between the DC bus and a first load bar which occupies the urgent (minimal break) AC feed state; activating the power conversion module in the rectifier mode to deliver power from the first load bar to the DC bus; checking if the power conversion module operates normally; wherein if operation is normal the method includes: deactivating the power conversion module; reconfiguring it to connect the DC bus and a second load bar which occupies the critical (no break) AC feed state; and after reconfiguring, activating the power conversion module in the inverter mode to deliver power from the DC bus to the second load bar. 45. A method of reconfiguring an emergency power supply apparatus according to claim 31, the method comprising the steps of: deactivating an active power conversion module connected between a first load bar and the DC bus; after deactivation, disconnecting the power conversion module from the first load bar and connecting it to a second load bar; activating the power conversion module in a mode determined based on the operational state of the second load bar. 