A back sheet comprises an interconnect circuit coupling a plurality of solar cell tiles. A tiled solar cell, comprising a solar cell and encapsulating and glass layers, is inserted into the solar cell tiles. Each solar cell is individually monitored and addressed through the use of the interconnect circuit. As such, each solar cell and the interconnect circuit may be programmed or reconfigured through reconfiguration of the interconnect circuit.
Claims 1. A system for configuring and re-configuring solar cells integrated on a back sheet, the system comprising: an interconnect circuit integrated onto the back sheet for interconnecting a plurality of solar cells so as to provide an array of individually addressable solar cells; and a control circuit, coupled to the interconnect circuit, for coupling or excluding to an output one or more of the solar cells through the interconnect circuit. 2. The system as set forth in claim 1, further comprising a monitoring circuit on the back sheet, coupled to the interconnect circuit, for monitoring one or more conditions at the individually addressable solar cells. 3. The system as set forth in claim 2, wherein the monitoring circuit monitors different clusters of the solar cells and the control circuit re-configures the solar cells based on the needs of an application. 4. The system as set forth in claim 2, wherein the control circuit configures the interconnect circuit to exclude solar cells that are outside a specification. 5. The system as set forth in claim 2, wherein the control circuit configures the interconnect circuit to dynamically exclude solar cells based on receiving periodic data from the monitoring circuit. 6. The system as set forth in claim 4, wherein the control circuit configures the interconnect circuit to harvest power from one or more excluded solar cells on a parallel bus within the interconnect circuit and to integrate the power from the parallel bus to the output. 7. The system as set forth in claim 2, wherein the control circuit is integrated in a junction box that is coupled to the back sheet, for measuring and processing information from the monitoring circuit, and for reconfiguring the solar cells and for communicating with the monitoring and interconnect circuits on the back sheet. 8. The system as set forth in claim 7, wherein the control circuit in the junction box comprises a processor and memory for storing embedded software and for executing the measuring, processing, monitoring and reconfiguring. 9. The system as set forth in claim 7, wherein the control circuit in the junction box comprises a single printed circuit board ("PCB") for the back sheet, such that the solar cell monitoring and reconfiguration of the solar cells for the entire back sheet is managed from the single PCB. 10. The system as set forth in claim 1, wherein the control circuit manages each individually addressable solar cell. 11. The system as set forth in claim 1, wherein the control circuit manages groups of solar cells in an m.times.n grouping (m<number of rows in the back sheet; n<less than the number of columns in the back sheet) for configuration and reconfiguration. 12. The system as set forth in claim 1, wherein the control circuit further comprises storing software, in memory, and for executing the software, in a processor, to implement a learning system that forecasts failure modes of the solar cells. 13. The system as set forth in claim 1, wherein the control circuit further comprises an addressing scheme to select solar cells through the interconnect circuit. 14. The system as set forth in claim 1, wherein the control and interconnect circuits support configurable parallel and serial chaining of solar cells. 15. The system as set forth in claim 1, wherein the control and interconnect circuits further comprise integrating redundancy into the back sheet through inclusion of additional solar cells in the back sheet that are programmatically chained into a solar cell string using the interconnect circuit. 16. The system as set forth in claim 1, further comprising a DC/DC converter to integrate energy harvested from one or more excluded solar cells in order to additively include energy from the excluded solar cells to the output. 17. The system as set forth in claim 2, wherein the control circuit further comprises executing a test of the system by addressing each solar cell and checking the status of each solar cell. 18. The system as set forth in claim 1, wherein the control circuit further comprises integrating additional applications that utilize the addressability of the solar cell. 19. The system as set forth in claim 18, wherein the application comprises an application to integrate a cleaning system that is intelligently triggered when cleaning the solar cells is required. 20. The system as set forth in claim 18, wherein the application comprises an application to create a bitmap display of the solar cells in a solar power farm and to display the output, using a color coded system, to communicate the state of the solar cells in the entire solar power farm or a subset of the solar power farm. 21. A method for configuring and re-configuring solar cells integrated on a back sheet, the method comprising: interconnecting, by an interconnect circuit integrated onto the back sheet, a plurality of solar cells so as to provide an array of individually addressable solar cells; and coupling or excluding, by a control circuit coupled to the interconnect circuit, to an output one or more of the solar cells through the interconnect circuit. 22. The method as set forth in claim 21, further comprising a monitoring circuit on the back sheet, coupled to the interconnect circuit, for monitoring one or more conditions at the individually addressable solar cells. 23. The method as set forth in claim 22, wherein the monitoring circuit monitors different clusters of the solar cells and the control circuit re-configures the solar cells based on the needs of an application. 24. The method as set forth in claim 22, wherein the control circuit configures the interconnect circuit to exclude solar cells that are outside a specification. 25. The method as set forth in claim 22, wherein the control circuit configures the interconnect circuit to dynamically exclude solar cells based on receiving periodic data from the monitoring circuit. 26. The method as set forth in claim 24, wherein the control circuit configures the interconnect circuit to harvest power from one or more excluded solar cells on a parallel bus within the interconnect circuit and to integrate the power from the parallel bus to the output. 27. The method as set forth in claim 22, wherein the control circuit is integrated in a junction box that is coupled to the back sheet, for measuring and processing information from the monitoring circuit, and for reconfiguring the solar cells and for communicating with the monitoring and interconnect circuits on the back sheet. 28. The method as set forth in claim 27, wherein the control circuit in the junction box comprises a processor and memory for storing embedded software and for executing the measuring, processing, monitoring and reconfiguring. 29. The method as set forth in claim 27, wherein the control circuit in the junction box comprises a single printed circuit board ("PCB") for the back sheet, such that the solar cell monitoring and reconfiguration of the solar cells for the entire back sheet is managed from the single PCB. 30. The method as set forth in claim 21, wherein the control circuit manages each individually addressable solar cell. 31. The method as set forth in claim 21, wherein the control circuit manages groups of solar cells in an m.times.n grouping (m<number of rows in the back sheet; n<less than the number of columns in the back sheet) for configuration and reconfiguration. 32. The method as set forth in claim 21, wherein the control circuit further comprises storing software, in memory, and for executing the software, in a processor, to implement a learning system that forecasts failure modes of the solar cells. 33. The method as set forth in claim 21, wherein the control circuit further comprises an addressing scheme to select solar cells through the interconnect circuit. 34. The method as set forth in claim 21, wherein the control and interconnect circuits support configurable parallel and serial chaining of solar cells. 35. The method as set forth in claim 21, wherein the control and interconnect circuits further comprise integrating redundancy into the back sheet through inclusion of additional solar cells in the back sheet that are programmatically chained into a solar cell string using the interconnect circuit. 36. The method as set forth in claim 21, further comprising a DC/DC converter to integrate energy harvested from one or more excluded solar cells in order to additively include energy from the excluded solar cells to the output. 37. The method as set forth in claim 22, wherein the control circuit further comprises executing a test by addressing each solar cell and checking the status of each solar cell. 38. The method as set forth in claim 21, wherein the control circuit further comprises integrating additional applications that utilize the addressability of the solar cell. 39. The method as set forth in claim 38, wherein the application comprises an application to integrate a cleaning system that is intelligently triggered when cleaning the solar cells is required. 40. The method as set forth in claim 38, wherein the application comprises an application to create a bitmap display of the solar cells in a solar power farm and to display the output, using a color coded system, to communicate the state of the solar cells in the entire solar power farm or a subset of the solar power farm. 