The control system comprises energy accumulators (20; 120) coupled to a first inverter (10) and controlled through a second inverter (12). Such accumulators (20; 120) are adapted to store the energy generated by the electrical machine (3) associated to the elevator apparatus (1), and the energy coming by a source and optionally not used by the machine (3), as well as to deliver the stored energy towards the machine (3) when this requires energy with a power higher than a threshold. The system is arranged to automatically cause the lifting of the car (2) up to the highest floor when preset conditions occur in a time interval of inactivity of the elevator apparatus (1).
Claims 1. A control system for an elevator apparatus comprising a car or the like, which is movable between a lower level or floor and an upper level or floor, and driven by an a.c. reversible electrical machine with the energy provided by a source, and controlled through a first inverter; the system comprising energy storage means coupled to said first inverter and controlled through a second inverter, and adapted to store energy generated by said electrical machine and energy coming from the source and optionally not used by said machine, as well as to deliver the stored energy towards said machine when the latter requires a power higher than a threshold; the system being characterized in that it is arranged to automatically cause a lifting of the car up to the upper floor when preset conditions occur in a time interval of inactivity of the elevator apparatus. 2. The system according to claim 1, characterized in that it is arranged to automatically cause the lifting of the car up to the upper floor when the elevator apparatus results to have been inactive for a pre-established period of time. 3. The system according to claim 1, characterized in that it is arranged to automatically cause the lifting of the car up to the upper floor when the stored energy in said storage means falls below a predetermined threshold. 4. The system according to claim 1, which, upon the first use of the elevator apparatus after an automatic lifting of the car to the upper floor, is adapted to drive said first inverter so as to control the descent speed of the car according to a predetermined function of the energy stored in said storage means. 5. A control system for an elevator apparatus comprising a car or the like, and which can be moved through an a.c. reversible electrical machine, supplied with the energy which is provided by a source with a predetermined maximum supply power, and controlled through a first inverter; the system including energy storage means which are coupled to said first inverter and are controlled through a second inverter, and are adapted to store energy generated by said electrical machine and/or coming from the source, as well as to deliver the stored energy towards said machine, and controlling and regulation means arranged to drive said inverter according to pre-established modes as a function of the power at the input of said first inverter; the system being characterized in that said controlling and regulation means are arranged to calculate the electric power operatively required or supplied by said electrical machine, and to drive said inverter so as to: allow the supply of energy from said source to the electrical machine, when the electric power required by said machine is lower than or equal to the maximum supply power of the source; deliver the energy drawn from the storage means to the electrical machine, with a power corresponding to the difference between the electric power required by said machine and the maximum supply power of the source, when the latter is lower than the electric power required by the machine; store the energy supplied by said electrical machine and that coming from said source in the storage means, until when a state variable indicative of the charge condition of said storage means is lower than a preset maximum value; and store only the energy supplied by the electrical machine in the storage means, when said state variable exceeds said preset maximum value. 6. The system according to claim 5, wherein, when the electric power required by said machine is lower than or equal to the maximum supply power of the source, and when a state variable indicative of the charge condition of said storage means is lower than a preset maximum value, the energy coming from the network is stored in the storage unit with a power corresponding to the difference between the maximum supply power of the network and optionally from the auxiliary source and the power required by the machine, until reaching a preset maximum energy value in the storage means. 7. The system according to claim 5, wherein, when the maximum supply power of the source is lower than or equal to the electric power required by said machine, and when a state variable indicative of the charge condition of said storage means is lower than a preset minimum value, the control unit controls the inverter, and thereby the machine, which is operating as a motor, to reduce the car speed according to a predetermined law. 8. The system according to claim 5, wherein the storage means comprise a further a.c. reversible electrical machine connected to the output of the second inverter and coupled to a rotatable flywheel; said state variable being related to the rotation speed of said flywheel. 9. The system according to claim 5, wherein the storage means comprise an electric accumulator coupled to the output of the second inverter through current rectifier means; said state variable being related to the voltage on said electric accumulator. 10. The system according to claim 5, wherein, after the use of the elevator apparatus, the control unit continues to absorb power from the network within the predetermined maximum limit for a predetermined time. 11. The system according to claim 5, wherein, after the use of the elevator apparatus, the control unit continues to absorb power from the network within the predetermined maximum limit until the energy in the storage means reaches a preset maximum value. 12. The system according to claim 5, in which a converter is connected to the bus, to which a d.c. electric energy auxiliary source is connected, such as one or more solar panels of the photovoltaic type, or one or more fuel cells. 13. The system according to claim 5, coupled to the source through a converter of the bidirectional or reversible type. 14. The system according to claim 5, wherein the control is arranged to control said first inverter so that the car speed is a predetermined function of the state variable indicative of the charge condition of said storage means. 