A solar battery module comprises a frame member and a solar battery panel. The frame member includes frame strips and coupling members. Each frame strip has an open-ended mounting slot, and two engaging grooves formed respectively in two ends. Each coupling member has two abutment portions abutting respectively against two adjacent ends of two adjacent frame strips, a curved connecting portion interconnecting the abutment portions, a curved positioning slot in spatial communication with the mounting slots in two adjacent frame strips, and two engaging arms extending respectively from the abutment portions and retained respectively within two corresponding engaging grooves. The panel includes mounting portions disposed respectively within the mounting slots in the frame strips, and positioning portions disposed respectively within the positioning slots in the coupling members.
Claims 1. A solar battery module comprising: a frame member including a plurality of frame strips and a plurality of coupling members each interconnecting two adjacent ones of said frame strips, each of said frame strips having two opposite abutment ends abutting respectively against two adjacent ones of said coupling members, a mounting slot extending along a longitudinal direction thereof and having two opposite open ends corresponding respectively to said abutment ends, and two engaging grooves formed respectively in end surfaces of said abutment ends, each of said coupling members having two abutment portions abutting respectively against two corresponding ones of said abutment ends of two adjacent ones of said frame strips, a curved connecting portion interconnecting said abutment portions, a curved positioning slot formed in said abutment portions and said connecting portion and in spatial communication with said mounting slots in the two adjacent ones of said frame strips, and two engaging arms extending respectively and outwardly from said abutment portions and retained respectively within two corresponding ones of said engaging grooves in the two adjacent two ones of said frame strips; and a solar battery panel including a plurality of mounting portions disposed respectively within said mounting slots in said frame strips of said frame member, and a plurality of positioning portions each interconnecting two adjacent ones of said mounting portions and disposed within said positioning slot in a corresponding one of said coupling members of said frame member. 2. The solar battery module as claimed in claim 1, wherein any two adjacent ones of said frame strips extend in two different directions, respectively, which are perpendicular to each other. 3. The solar battery module as claimed in claim 2, wherein each of said coupling members further has two parallel sidewalls and a connecting wall connected between said sidewalls to define said positioning slot in a corresponding one of said coupling members thereamong, said solar battery panel being generally rectangular and having four chamfered corners, said coupling members being disposed respectively at said four chamfered corners of said solar battery panel, each of said positioning portions of said solar battery panel being disposed between said sidewalls of a corresponding one of said coupling members. 4. The solar battery module as claimed in claim 3, wherein said frame member further has a waterproof strip disposed within said mounting slots in said frame strips and said positioning slots in said coupling members and between said solar battery panel and said connecting walls of said coupling members. 5. The solar battery module as claimed in claim 1, wherein each of said frame strips of said frame member further has a mounting wall formed with at least one fastener hole therethrough, said mounting wall and said mounting slot of each of said frame strips of said frame member being disposed respectively at two opposite sides of a corresponding one of said frame strips. 6. The solar battery module as claimed in claim 1, wherein each of said coupling members of said frame member further has a mounting wall connected integrally to said abutment portions and said connecting portion of a corresponding one of said coupling members and formed with a fastener hole therethrough, said mounting wall and said positioning slot of each of said coupling members of said frame member being disposed respectively at two opposite sides of a corresponding one of said coupling members. 7. The solar battery module as claimed in claim 1, wherein each of said engaging arms of said coupling members has an insert portion that is inserted into a corresponding one of said engaging grooves in a corresponding one of said frame strips, and a contact portion extending from said insert portion such that a corresponding one of said engaging arms is press-fitted within the corresponding one of said engaging grooves in the corresponding one of said frame strips. 8. The solar battery module as claimed in claim 7, wherein each of said engaging arms of said coupling members further has a serrated portion extending from said insert portion to facilitate pressing-fitting of the corresponding one of said engaging arms within the corresponding one of said engaging grooves in the corresponding one of said frame strips. 9. The solar battery module as claimed in claim 1, wherein: each of said frame strips further has two openings in spatial communication with said engaging grooves in a corresponding one of said frame strips, respectively; and each of said engaging arms of said coupling members has two spaced-apart insert portions that are parallel to each other and that are inserted into a corresponding one of said engaging grooves in a corresponding one of said frame strips, a retaining portion extending from one of said insert portions, and a resilient member having two ends connected respectively to said insert portions for biasing said retaining portion into a corresponding one of said openings in the corresponding one of said frame strips so as to prevent removal of a corresponding one of said engaging arms from the corresponding one of said engaging grooves in the corresponding one of said frame strips. 10. The solar battery module as claimed in claim 1, wherein said frame member further includes a marking member disposed on one of said abutment portions of one of said coupling members of said frame member, and is exposed outwardly of said solar battery panel. 