A sustainable structure is provided that is powered by a rechargeable battery that is charged by alternating wind and solar energy generators.
Claims 1. A mobile structure that is adapted to receive at least one human, said structure comprising: a solar powered electricity generator; a wind powered electricity generator; and, at least one DC electricity outlet coupled to at least one of said wind or solar powered electricity generators. 2. The mobile structure of claim 1 further comprising a trailer chassis jointed to said structure. 3. The mobile structure of claim 2 further comprising at least one wheel and a trailer hitch. 4. The mobile structure of claim 1 wherein the solar powered electricity generator is an array of photovoltaic solar panels. 5. The mobile structure of claim 1 wherein the solar wind powered electricity generator comprises a wind turbine. 6. The mobile structure of claim 1 further comprising a DC battery bank that is electrically coupled to at least one of said wind or solar powered electricity generators so that unconsumed electricity may be collected. 7. The mobile structure of claim 1 further comprising a public power grid coupled to at least one of said wind or solar powered electricity generators so that unconsumed electricity may be provided to said public power grid. 8. The mobile structure of claim 1 further comprising: a DC to AC electricity inverter that is coupled to at least one of said wind or solar powered electricity generators; and, an AC outlet coupled to said inverter. 9. The mobile structure of claim 1 further wherein said adaptation to receive a human is a room within the structure selected from the group consisting essentially of a conference room, a class room, an office, a kitchen, an equipment room, and a lavoratory. 10. The mobile structure of claim 1 wherein the structure is a trailer. 11. The mobile structure of claim 1 wherein the structure is a railcar. 12. The mobile structure of claim 1 wherein the structure is a shipping container. 13. The mobile structure of claim 1 further comprising a composting toilet. 14. A method of producing electricity comprising the steps delivering a mobile structure to a remote location, said structure being adapted to receive at least one human; providing a solar powered electricity generator to said structure; providing a wind powered electricity generator to said structure, and, coupling at least one DC electricity outlet to at least one of said wind or solar powered electricity generators. 15. The method of claim 14 wherein the solar powered electricity generator is an array of photovoltaic solar panels. 16. The method of claim 14 wherein the solar wind powered electricity generator comprises a wind turbine. 17. The method of claim 14 further comprising the step of coupling a DC battery bank to at least one of said wind or solar powered electricity generators so that unconsumed electricity may be collected. 18. The method of claim 14 further comprising the step of coupling a public power grid to at least one of said wind or solar powered electricity generators so that unconsumed electricity may be provided to said public power grid. 19. The method of claim 14 further comprising the steps of: coupling a DC to AC electricity inverter to at least one of said wind or solar powered electricity generators; and, coupling an AC outlet to said inverter. 20. A mobile structure comprising: at least one side-wall; at least one roof jointed with said side-wall(s) so that the structure formed by said joint is adapted to receive at least one human; a solar powered electricity generator on said roof; a wind powered electricity generator that is removably and externally attached to at least one of said side-wall(s), end-wall(s), or roof, wherein the wind powered electricity generator may be removed from the structure to improve the mobility of the structure; and, at least one DC electricity outlet coupled to at least one of said wind or solar powered electricity generators. 