A system and a method for optimizing and protecting solar panels, the system comprising a driving unit, a solar panel connected to the driving unit, a micro-controller controlling movements of the driving unit, a sun tracking unit sending data about the position of the sun to the micro-controller; and a shelter receiving the solar panel when the solar under control of the microcontroller. The method comprises connecting a solar panel to a driving unit connected to a microcontroller; connecting the microcontroller to a sun tracking unit sending data about the position of the sun to the microcontroller; providing a shelter; and monitoring, by the microcontroller, the driving unit into orienting the solar panel in relation to the position of the sun by rotation about at least one axis and into moving the solar panel from a deployed operating position to a sheltered non operating position into the shelter.
Claims 1. A system, comprising: a driving unit; a solar panel connected to the driving unit; a microcontroller controlling movements of the driving unit; a sun tracking unit sending data about the position of the sun to the microcontroller; and a shelter, receiving the solar panel when the solar panel is withdrawn from an exposed position, by action of the driving unit. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein said driving unit comprises a shaft supporting the panel at a free end thereof, said shaft being controlled in translation by said microcontroller, said shaft being adapted to extend out of said shelter and to withdraw within said shelter. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein said shaft is one of a hydraulic, a pneumatic, a mechanical and an electric shaft. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein said driving unit comprises a shaft connected to said shelter, said shaft being controlled by said microcontroller to move the shelter over said panel and away from said panel. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein said driving unit comprises rails supporting said shaft. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein said sun tracking unit comprises at least one of photoresistive cells, phototransistors and differential sensors. 7. The system of claim 1, further comprising sensors measuring the power of cells of the panel and sending data to said microcontroller. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein said sun tracking unit comprises at least one of photoresistive cells, phototransistors and differential sensors, said microcontroller commands withdrawal of the panel by said driving unit into a non operating position under a threshold of power measured by said at least one of photoresistive cells, phototransistors and differential sensors. 9. The system of claim 1, further comprising a limit switch sending data about the position of panel relative to the shelter. 10. The system of claim 1, wherein said microcontroller monitors orientation of the solar panel in relation to the sun by rotation about at least one axis and movement of the solar panel from a deployed operating position to a sheltered non operating position into said shelter. 11. The system of claim 1, wherein said microcontroller is further connected to at least one of an external network, user interfaces and a weather station. 12. The system of claim 1, wherein said microcontroller is further connected to a set of sensors including at least one of barometers, photoresistive cells, phototransistors, and anenometers. 13. The system of claim 1, wherein said microcontroller is further connected to one of: a phone network and a cable network. 14. The system of claim 1, wherein said microcontroller is further connected to an alarm system. 15. The system of claim 1, wherein said microcontroller monitors orientation of the solar panel in relation to the sun by rotation about at least one axis and movement of the solar panel from a deployed operating position to a sheltered non operating position into said shelter according to at least one of data from locally positioned sensors and data from an external network. 16. The system of claim 1, wherein said microcontroller monitors orientation of the solar panel in relation to the sun by rotation about at least one axis and movement of the solar panel from a deployed operating position to a sheltered non operating position into said shelter according to at least one of data from locally positioned sensors and data from an external network, said data from an external network including computed data and weather forecasts. 17. The system of claim 1, wherein said shelter is a recess behind a wall of one of a building and a vehicle, said driving unit comprising a shaft connected to said panel, said shaft being controlled in translation by said microcontroller, said shaft being adapted to extend out of said recess, thereby deploying the panel away from said wall, and to withdraw within said recess, thereby withdrawing the panel into a sheltered position. 18. The system of claim 1, wherein said panel is suspended in a housing. 19. The system of claim 1, wherein said shelter is a housing, said driving unit comprising a shaft connected to said panel, said shaft being controlled in translation by said microcontroller, said shaft being adapted to extend out of said housing, thereby deploying the panel away from said housing, and to withdraw within said housing, thereby withdrawing the panel into a sheltered position. 20. The system of claim 1, wherein said shelter is a housing, said driving unit comprising a shaft connected to said panel, said shaft being controlled in translation by said microcontroller, said shaft being adapted to extend out of said housing, thereby deploying the panel away from said housing, and to withdraw within said housing, thereby withdrawing the panel into a sheltered position, said system being affixed to one of a streetlamp and an outdoor sign. 21. The system of claim 1, wherein said shelter is one of a soffit under a overhanging roof and a downwards-facing surface of a building, and said driving unit comprises a motorized shaft secured to said shelter, said microcontroller monitoring rotation of said panel about said shaft. 22. The system of claim 1, wherein said panel comprises lateral parts and a central part, shelter being formed by said lateral parts of the panel folding back down on said central part. 23. The system of claim 1, wherein said shelter is a housing, said driving unit comprising a shaft suspending said panel into said housing, said shaft being controlled in rotation by said microcontroller. 24. The system of claim 1, wherein said shelter is a housing, said driving unit comprising a shaft suspending said panel into said housing, said shaft being controlled in rotation by said microcontroller, said panel being rotatable inside said housing about said shaft, between a face-up position where a working surface of the panel is exposed upwards and operative in a range of working positions as dictated by the position of sun, and a face-down position, in which the working surface of panel is sheltered in the housing. 25. The system of claim 1, wherein said shelter is a cover, said driving unit moving said cover over the panel and away from the panel as controlled by the microcontroller. 26. The system of claim 1, wherein said panel is flexible, said driving unit folding said flexible panel and unfolding said flexible panel as controlled by the microcontroller. 27. The system of claim 1, wherein said shelter is a shutter, said panel being supported on one surface of said shutter, and said driving unit comprises a motorized shaft secured to said shutter, said microcontroller monitoring rotation of said shutter about said shaft. 28. A method for optimizing a solar panel, comprising: connecting a solar panel to a driving unit; connecting the driving unit to a microcontroller; connecting the microcontroller to a sun tracking unit sending data about the position of the sun to the microcontroller; providing a shelter; and monitoring, by the microcontroller, the driving unit into orienting the solar panel in relation to the position of the sun by rotation about at least one axis and into moving the solar panel from a deployed operating position to a sheltered non operating position into the shelter. 