A portable alarm device includes a portable enclosure, a wireless communication system disposed in the portable enclosure and configured to receive a signal from a monitoring device. The device further includes a processor in communication with the wireless communication system and wherein the processor is configured to initiate an alert when the signal indicates that the portable enclosure is beyond a pre-determined distance from the monitoring device.
Claims 1. A portable alarm device, comprising: a portable enclosure; a wireless communication system disposed in the portable enclosure and configured to receive a signal from a monitoring device; a processor in communication with the wireless communication system and wherein the processor is configured to initiate an alert when the signal indicates that the portable enclosure is beyond a pre-determined distance from the monitoring device. 2. The device of claim 1, wherein the movement of the portable enclosure is detected by measuring a strength of a radio signal received from a monitoring device. 3. The device of claim 1, wherein the movement of the portable enclosure is detected by monitoring location information received from a tracking device. 4. The device of claim 1, further comprising a tracking device. 5. The device of claim 4, wherein said tracking device is configured to be selectively enabled in response to movement of said compact enclosure. 6. The device of claim 1, further comprising a vibration sensor configured to detect movement of the portable enclosure, and wherein the processor is configured to initiate an alert in response to a detection of movement. 7. The device of claim 1, further comprising a tilt sensor configured to detect movement of the portable enclosure, and wherein the processor is configured to initiate an alert in response to a detection of movement. 8. The device of claim 1, further comprising a motion detector configured to detect movement within a pre-determined range from the portable enclosure, and wherein the processor is configured to initiate an alert in response to a detection of movement. 9. The device of claim 1, further comprising a siren. 10. The device of claim 1, further comprising a security loop that can be secured to an article of property. 11. The device of claim 1, further comprising a retractable cable contained within the enclosure and adapted to be drawn from and locked onto the enclosure, thereby creating a closed security loop. 12. The device of claim 11, wherein the processor initiates an alert in response to a disconnect in the security loop. 13. The device of claim 1, wherein the alert is sent to the monitoring device via the wireless communication system. 14. The device of claim 1, wherein the alert is sent to a central monitoring station via the wireless communication system. 15. The device of claim 1, wherein the alert is sent to an electronic key fob via the wireless communication system. 16. The device of claim 1, wherein the wireless communication system includes a cellular modem. 17. The device of claim 1, wherein the processor, after initiating an alert, is further configured to provide location information from a tracking device. 18. The device of claim 1, further comprising a power source. 19. The device of claim 18, wherein the power source is a non-rechargeable battery, a rechargeable battery, a solar cell, a connection to an AC power outlet, or a connection to a DC power outlet. 20. The device of claim 1, further comprising a control panel. 21. The device of claim 1, further comprising a magnetic material fixedly attached to the portable enclosure to permit the portable enclosure to be releasably secured to a metallic surface of an article of property. 22. A method of securing an article of property, comprising: receiving a signal from a monitoring device; measuring a strength of the signal; using the strength of the signal to detect unanticipated movement of an article of property; and sending an alert in response to the detected unanticipated movement. 23. The method of claim 22, wherein the alert is sent to the monitoring device. 24. The method of claim 22, wherein the alert is sent to a central monitoring device. 25. The method of claim 22, further comprising periodically sending location information from a tracking device after sending the alert. 26. The method of claim 25, further comprising enabling the tracking device in response to the detected unanticipated movement. 27. A security system, comprising: a monitoring device; and a base station configured to communicate with the monitoring device and a central monitoring station, wherein the base station is configured to send an alert to the monitoring device and to the central monitoring station in response to a detected security event. 28. The system of claim 25, wherein the security event is unanticipated movement of the base station. 29. The system of claim 25, further comprising an electronic key fob configured to receive an alert from the portable alarm system. 30. The system of claim 25, further comprising an electronic key fob that allows a user to remotely arm and disarm the base station. 31. The system of claim 25, further comprising a web server configured to communicate with the base station. 32. The system of claim 25, wherein the base station is configured to send location information from a tracking device to the central monitoring station. 33. The system of claim 25, wherein the base station is further configured to send an alert to a cellular phone via a text message. 34. An alarm in monitoring device comprising: a base platform; and a loop mechanism configured to separate from the base platform and attach to an article of property. 35. The alarm monitoring device of claim 34, wherein said loop mechanism includes a loop having a retractable cable assembly configured to be reversibly drawn from said loop mechanism. 36. The alarm monitoring device of claim 35, wherein said loop mechanism defines an attachment point such that said loop is configured to mate with said attachment point and wherein disconnecting said loop from said attachment point indicates a security event. 37. The alarm monitoring device of claim 35, wherein cutting said loop indicates a security event. 38. The alarm monitoring device of claim 34, wherein said loop mechanism includes a tracking device configured to provide location information to an external device. 39. The alarm monitoring device of claim 38, wherein said loop mechanism is configured to enable said tracking device based on a security event. 40. The alarm monitoring device of claim 38, wherein said loop mechanism is configured to enable said tracking device based on a proximity of said loop mechanism to said base platform. 41. The alarm monitoring device of claim 38, wherein said loop mechanism is configured to enable said tracking device based on movement of said loop mechanism. 42. A portable device comprising: a base station; and a monitoring device in communication with said base station, wherein said monitoring device includes a base platform and a loop mechanism removably disposed on said base platform. 43. The portable alarm device of claim 42, wherein said loop mechanism includes a loop having a retractable cable assembly configured to be reversibly drawn from said loop mechanism. 44. The portable alarm device of claim 43, wherein said loop mechanism defines an attachment point such that said loop is configured to mate with said attachment point and wherein disconnecting said loop from said attachment point indicates a security event. 45. The portable alarm device of claim 43, wherein cutting said loop indicates a security event. 46. The portable alarm device of claim 42, wherein said loop mechanism includes a Tracking device configured to provide location information to at least one of said station and said monitoring device. 47. The portable alarm device of claim 46, wherein said loop mechanism is configured to enable said tracking device based on a security event. 48. The portable alarm device of claim 46, wherein said loop mechanism is configured to enable said Tracking device based on a proximity of said loop mechanism to said base platform. 49. The portable alarm device of claim 46, wherein said loop mechanism is configured to enable said Tracking device based on a proximity of said monitoring device to said base station. 50. The portable alarm device of claim 46, wherein said loop mechanism is configured to enable said Tracking device based on movement of said loop mechanism. 