Sensors and techniques for an automated data acquisition and notification system having a plurality of receptacles adapted to store items. In each of the plurality of receptacles, at least one sensor is operated to detect a presence of an item in that receptacle. Light is emitted from a planar surface within the receptacle to a space within the receptacle opposite the planar surface. While that light is emitted light incident on the planar surface is detected. A determination is made whether an amount of light that is detected is significant to indicate a presence of the item.
Claims 1. A sensor adapted for detecting a presence of material in a receptacle, the sensor comprising: a base structure defining a planar surface; a light emitter situated on the planar surface and facing away from the planar surface such that the light emitter is arranged to emit light to a space facing the planar surface; a photovoltaic device that converts light energy into an electrical signal, the photovoltaic device being situated on the planar surface and facing away from the planar surface such that the photovoltaic device is arranged to detect light incident on the planar surface; and a measuring circuit electrically coupled to the photovoltaic device, the measuring circuit being adapted to determine if an amount of light detected by the photovoltaic device is sufficient to indicate a detection of a presence of the material. 2. The sensor of claim 1, wherein the light emitter comprises a set of at least one light-emitting diode. 3. The sensor of claim 1, wherein the space facing the planar surface is an enclosed space of the receptacle, and wherein an enclosure of the enclosed space has a surface that absorbs the light emitted by the light emitter. 4. The sensor of claim 1, wherein the measuring circuit is coupled to a data acquisition system that receives signals from a plurality of other measuring circuits. 5. The sensor of claim 1, wherein the measuring circuit includes a processor programmed to provide at least one data analysis and storage capability selected from the group consisting of: logic to aggregate data and provide a statistical computation, logic to validate a detection based on multiple overlapping events, logic to dynamically adjust decision criteria for that sensor, or any combination thereof; 6. The sensor of claim 1, wherein the light emitter is specifically adapted to illuminate a mail item, the photovoltaic device is adapted to monitor ilumination of the mail item, and the measuring circuit are adapted to determine a presence or absence of the mail item based on the illumination monitored by the photovoltaic device. 7. A method for operating an automated data acquisition and notification system that includes a plurality of receptacles adapted to store items, the method comprising: in each of the plurality of receptacles, operating at least one sensor to detect a presence of an item in that receptacle, including: emitting light from a planar surface within the receptacle to a space within the receptacle opposite the planar surface; while emitting the light, detecting light incident on the planar surface; and determining if an amount of light that is detected is sufficient to indicate a presence of the item. 8. The method of claim 7, wherein the emitting, detecting, and determining are specifically adapted to ascertain whether a mail item is present in at least one of the receptacles. 9. The method of claim 7, wherein operating emitting the light includes energizing a light-emitting diode. 10. The method of claim 7, further comprising: while emitting the light, absorbing substantially all of the light incident on an interior surface of the receptacle. 11. The method of claim 7, wherein detecting the light includes detecting light by a plurality of distinct sensors. 12. The method of claim 11, further comprising: analyzing multiple overlapping detections by the plurality of distinct sensors to validate a positive detection. 13. The method of claim 11, wherein detecting light by a plurality of distinct sensors includes detecting light incident on a plurality of planes. 14. The method of claim 7, wherein determining if an amount of light that is detected is sufficient to indicate a presence of the item includes aggregating data and providing a statistical computation. 15. The method of claim 7, wherein determining if an amount of light that is detected is sufficient to indicate a presence of the item includes validating a detection based on multiple overlapping events. 16. The method of claim 7, wherein determining if an amount of light that is detected is sufficient to indicate a presence of the item includes dynamically adjusting decision criteria for the detecting of light incident on the planar surface. 17. A data acquisition and notification system adapted to be associated with at least one receptacle, the system comprising: a sensor group of at least one sensor in the receptacle, the sensor group adapted to detect a presence of a subject material placed in the receptacle, wherein the sensor group includes an electromagnetic emitter and an electromagnetic detector arranged such that electromagnetic waves are emitted by the electromagnetic emitter and, if detectable subject material is present in the receptacle, the emitted electromagnetic waves reflect off of the subject material and those reflected electromagnetic waves are detected by the electromagnetic detector; and monitoring hardware operatively coupled to the sensor group and controlled by a data acquisition program that causes the monitoring hardware to gather sensor information from the sensor group and to communicate the sensor information to a distinct user interface device. 18. The system of claim 17, wherein the electromagnetic emitter comprises a light-emitting diode and wherein the electromagnetic detector comprises a photovoltaic device. 19. The system of claim 17, wherein the sensor group includes a plurality of sensors, and wherein the system further comprises decision logic configured to analyze multiple overlapping detections by the plurality of sensors to validate a positive detection. 20. The system of claim 17, further comprising a receptacle in which the sensor group is situated, wherein the receptacle has an interior that absorbs the electromagnetic waves emitted by the electromagnetic emitter such that, in an absence of any detectable subject material from the receptacle, the electromagnetic detector does not detect any significant portion of the emitted electromagnetic waves. 21. The system of claim 17, wherein the sensor group includes distinct sensors situated in different planes. 