An enclosure, which includes a box portion having a top wall, the top wall having at least one fan and at least one baffle; and a lid portion, which fits over the top wall of the box portion and creates at least one passage extending along a front wall and/or a back wall of the enclosure to allow airflow from within the box portion of the enclosure.
Claims 1. An enclosure comprising: a box portion having a top wall, the top wall having at least one fan and at least one baffle; and a lid portion, which fits over the top wall of the box portion and creates at least one passage extending along a front wall and/or a back wall of the enclosure to allow airflow from within the box portion of the enclosure. 2. The enclosure of claim 1, wherein the at least one baffle has a curvature thereto, and air pushed by the at least one fan flows over and clings to the curvature of the at least one baffle to provide additional ventilation to the enclosure, and a vented portion for passive ventilation from within the enclosure. 3. The enclosure of claim 1, wherein the lid portion comprises a top wall, a front wall, a pair of sidewalls, and a back wall. 4. The enclosure of claim 1, wherein the box portion comprises a base, a front wall, a pair of sidewalls, and a back wall. 5. The enclosure of claim 1, wherein the lid portion is hinged to the box portion across the back wall thereof for pivotal movement between an open position and a closed position 6. The enclosure of claim 1, wherein the at least one fan is at least one thermostatically controlled fan. 7. The enclosure of claim 1, wherein the front wall of the lid portion has a greater height than the back wall of the lid portion. 8. The enclosure of claim 1, further comprising a solar panel attachable to an outer surface of the lid portion, which provides a source of energy to power the at least one fan. 9. The enclosure of claim 1, wherein the front wall of the box portion has a pair of front panels which are hinged to an outer edge of the sidewalls of the box portion for pivotal movement between an open position and a closed position. 10. The enclosure of claim 9, wherein the pair of front panels has a locking mechanism, which prevents the pair of front panels from moving between the open position and the closed position without unlocking the locking mechanism. 11. The enclosure of claim 1, further comprising a plurality of slide out shelves, each of the plurality of slide out shelves configured to hold at least one battery. 12. The enclosure of claim 1, further comprising a power supply and network electronics, wherein the network electronics includes fiber optics and/or splice equipment with fiber optic cable cradles for various cable sizes and/or a temperature sensor for sensing the temperature within the enclosure. 13. The enclosure of claim 1, wherein the enclosure is constructed of galvanized steel and/or aluminum with a polyester electrostatic power paint for heat dissipation. 14. The enclosure of claim 1, further comprising a mounting template on a lower portion of the box portion of the enclosure for installation of the enclosure on a concrete pad. 15. An enclosure comprising: a box portion, the box portion comprising a base, a front wall, a pair of sidewalls, and a back wall, and wherein the box portion has a top wall having at least one thermostatically controlled fan and at least one baffle extending along a top edge of the top wall adjacent to the front wall and/or a top edge of the back wall of the box portion; a lid portion, the lid portion comprising a lower wall, a front wall, a pair of sidewalls, and a back wall, and wherein the lid portion fits over the top wall of the box portion and creates at least one passage extending along the front wall and/or the back wall of the enclosure and regulates the flow of air and/or heat from the box portion; and wherein the at least one baffle has a vented portion for passive ventilation from within an inner portion of the box portion of the enclosure. 16. The enclosure of claim 15, wherein the front wall of the box portion has a pair of front panels which are hinged to an outer edge of the sidewalls of the box portion for pivotal movement between an open position and a closed position. 17. A method of venting air from an enclosure comprising: directing a flow of air from within the enclosure over at least one curved surface or through a venturi to create a lower pressure area at an opening on an upper portion of the enclosure. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein the enclosure includes: a box portion configured to receive at least one battery, the box portion having a top wall having at least one fan and at least one baffle extending along a top edge of the top wall adjacent to a front wall and/or a top edge of a back wall of the box portion; and a lid portion, which fits over the top wall of the box portion and creates at least one passage extending along the front wall and/or the back wall of the enclosure, which increases airflow from the box portion of the enclosure. 19. The method of claim 18, further comprising activating the at least one fan based on a predetermined fan activation temperature and powering the at least one fan by an internal power source. 20. The method of claim 18, wherein the at least one baffle has a curvature thereto, and air pushed by the at least one fan flows over and clings to the curvature of the at least one baffle to provide additional ventilation to the enclosure, and a vented portion for passive ventilation from within the enclosure. 