A photovoltaic system may include a DC to AC inverter including a minimum operating power setting and a microprocessor for calculating a maximum available power output for a photovoltaic array.
Claims 1. A method of powering up a DC to AC inverter comprising: receiving temperature data from a temperature sensor proximate to a photovoltaic array; receiving irradiance data from an irradiance sensor proximate to a photovoltaic array; calculating a maximum available power output based on the temperature data and the irradiance data; and comparing the calculated maximum available power output to a minimum operating power setting of the DC to AC inverter. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising calculating a maximum power point of a photovoltaic array. 3. The method of claim 2, wherein the step of calculating a maximum available power output is based on the temperature data, the irradiance data, and the maximum power point. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein the step of calculating a maximum available power output comprises using a look-up table. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein the step of calculating a maximum available power output comprises using an algorithm. 6. The method of claim 1, further comprising powering on the DC to AC inverter if the maximum available power output is greater than or equal to the minimum operating power setting. 7. The method of claim 1, further comprising powering off the DC to AC inverter if the maximum available power output is less than or equal to the minimum operating power setting. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein the temperature data are received wirelessly from the temperature sensor. 9. The method of claim 1, wherein the irradiance data are received wirelessly from the irradiance sensor. 10. A photovoltaic system comprising: a DC to AC inverter capable of being connected to a photovoltaic array, wherein the DC to AC inverter comprises a minimum operating power setting, above which the DC to AC inverter converts DC power to AC power; a temperature sensor operable to measure and transmit temperature information from a photovoltaic array; an irradiance sensor operable to measure and transmit irradiance information from a photovoltaic array; and a microprocessor which receives temperature information from the temperature sensor and irradiance information from the irradiance sensor, wherein the microprocessor is configured to calculate a maximum available power output for a photovoltaic array based on the temperature information and the irradiance information, and wherein the microprocessor is configured to compare the maximum available power output to the minimum operating power setting. 11. The system of claim 10, wherein the DC to AC inverter comprises the microprocessor. 12. The system of claim 10, further comprising a remote computer platform, wherein the remote computer platform comprises the microprocessor. 13. The system of claim 10, wherein the microprocessor is configured to calculate a maximum power point of a photovoltaic array. 14. The system of claim 13, wherein the maximum available power output for the photovoltaic array is based on the temperature information, the irradiance information, and the calculated maximum power point. 15. The system of claim 10, wherein the microprocessor is configured to calculate the maximum available power output using a look-up table stored in computer memory connected to the microprocessor. 16. The system of claim 10, wherein the microprocessor is configured to calculate the maximum available power output using an algorithm stored in computer memory connected to the microprocessor. 17. The system of claim 10, wherein the microprocessor is configured to output an ON signal to the DC to AC inverter if the maximum available power output is higher than or equal to the minimum operating power setting, wherein upon receiving the ON signal from the microprocessor, the DC to AC inverter begins converting DC power received from a photovoltaic array into AC power. 18. The system of claim 10, wherein the microprocessor is configured to output an OFF signal to the DC to AC inverter if the maximum available power output is lower than the minimum operating power setting, wherein upon receiving the OFF signal from the microprocessor, the DC to AC inverter remains in an OFF state. 19. The system of claim 10, wherein the microprocessor is configured to adjust a minimal operating voltage setting on the DC to AC inverter if the maximum available power output is higher than the minimum operating power setting. 20. The system of claim 10, wherein the temperature sensor transmits temperature data to the microprocessor wirelessly. 21. The system of claim 10, wherein the irradiance sensor transmits irradiance data to the microprocessor wirelessly. 22. The system of claim 10, further comprising a photovoltaic array including a plurality of photovoltaic modules. 