A photovoltaic plant includes a plurality of longitudinal solar panels, a plurality of longitudinal reflector sheets, and a plurality of bending-resistant clamping strips. The plurality of longitudinal solar panels are disposed with mounting rails on a substantially horizontally orientated flat substrate at a predetermined angle and in parallel rows with a predetermined spacing to one another. The plurality of longitudinal reflector sheets are arranged between the rows of the solar panels. The clamping strips are disposed in a spaced vertical arrangement between the mounting rails on a back of the solar panels. Each of the clamping strips are configured to connect an upper edge of a respective one of the solar panels to an upper edge of an adjacent first reflector sheet of the reflector sheets and a lower edge of the respective solar panel to a lower edge of an adjacent second reflector sheet of the reflector sheet.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic plant comprising: a plurality of longitudinal solar panels disposed with mounting rails on a substantially horizontally orientated flat substrate at a predetermined angle and in parallel rows with a predetermined spacing to one another; a plurality of longitudinal reflector sheets arranged between the rows of the solar panels; and a plurality of bending-resistant clamping strips disposed in a spaced vertical arrangement between the mounting rails on a back of the solar panels, each of the clamping strips being configured to connect an upper edge of a respective one of the solar panels to an upper edge of an adjacent first reflector sheet of the reflector sheets and a lower edge of the respective solar panel to a lower edge of an adjacent second reflector sheet of the reflector sheet, each of the clamping strips including an upper angled portion, the upper angled portion having an upper front arm and a first fixing device configured to fix the adjacent first reflector sheet, the upper angled portion being configured to receive the respective solar panel at the upper edge thereof, each of the clamping strips including a lower angled portion, the lower angled portion having a lower front arm and a second fixing device configured to fix the adjacent second reflector sheet, the lower angled portion being configured to receive the respective solar panel at the upper edge thereof. 2. The photovoltaic plant according to claim 1, wherein each of the clamping strips includes at least one connection element disposed at the back of the solar panels parallel to the upper and lower edges of the solar panels. 3. The photovoltaic plant according to claim 1, wherein each of the clamping strips includes a rib reinforcement in a region of the lower dual angled portion. 4. The photovoltaic plant according to claim 1, wherein the clamping strips are plastic. 5. The photovoltaic plant according to claim 1, wherein each of the clamping strips includes at least one of a lower clamping lip within the lower dual angled portion and an upper clamping lip within the upper dual angled portion. 6. The photovoltaic plant according to claim 1, wherein each of the clamping strips includes a first accommodation groove in the lower front arm of the lower angled portion for accommodating the lower edge of the adjacent second reflector sheet. 7. The photovoltaic plant according to claim 1, wherein each of the clamping strips includes an inner chamfer in the upper front arm of the upper angled portion for accommodating the upper edge of the adjacent first reflector sheet. 8. The photovoltaic plant according to claim 1, wherein each of the clamping strips includes an accommodation groove on a back of the clamping strip for accommodating the upper edge of the adjacent first reflector sheet. 9. The photovoltaic plant according to claim 1, wherein each of the clamping strips includes a rigid length setting device. 10. The photovoltaic plant according to claim 1, wherein the reflector sheets have at least one of a bending-resistant and flexible construction. 11. The photovoltaic plant according to claim 1, wherein the reflector sheets include at least one of sheets made of a metal, plates made of a plastic and films made of a plastic. 12. The photovoltaic plant according to claim 1, wherein the solar panels include a frameless solar laminate. 13. The photovoltaic plant according to claim 1, wherein the solar panels are each held on one side thereof by an insertion element fixed in the mounting rails. 14. The photovoltaic plant according to claim 1, further comprising an insertion element formed as a compact one-piece moulded element having a surface with an insertion slot, which runs at the predetermined set angle over an entire width of the moulded element and in which each of the solar panels is attached by a mounting element made of plastic. 