In one embodiment, a solar power inverter includes at least one component associated with conversion of direct current (DC) from one or more photovoltaic cells to alternating current (AC). The component is electrically coupleable to an electrical conductor configured to carry electrical current. The solar power inverter also includes a first surge protective device (SPD) electrically coupled to the component and electrically coupleable to the electrical conductor. The solar power inverter also includes a second SPD electrically coupled in parallel with the first SPD and electrically coupleable to the electrical conductor. As described in more detail herein, the first SPD is configured to actuate in response to a voltage surge on the electrical conductor before the second SPD.
Claims 1. A solar power inverter comprising: at least one component associated with conversion of direct current (DC) from one or more photovoltaic cells to alternating current (AC), the component electrically coupleable to an electrical conductor configured to carry electrical current; a first surge protective device (SPD) electrically coupled to the component and electrically coupleable to the electrical conductor; and a second SPD electrically coupled in parallel with the first SPD and electrically coupleable to the electrical conductor; wherein the first SPD is configured to actuate in response to a voltage surge on the electrical conductor before the second SPD. 2. The solar power inverter of claim 1 wherein the first SPD is configured to actuate in response to a voltage surge above a first voltage and the second SPD is configured to actuate in response to a voltage surge above a second voltage that is greater than the first voltage. 3. The solar power inverter of claim 1 wherein the electrical conductor is configured to carry AC. 4. The solar power inverter of claim 3 wherein the electrical conductor is a first electrical conductor, and wherein the solar power inverter further comprises: a third SPD electrically coupled to the component and electrically coupleable to a second electrical conductor configured to carry AC; a fourth SPD electrically coupled in parallel with the third SPD and electrically coupleable to the second electrical conductor; a fifth SPD electrically coupled to the component and electrically coupleable to a third electrical conductor configured to carry AC; and a sixth SPD electrically coupled in parallel with the third SPD and electrically coupleable to the third electrical conductor, wherein the third SPD is configured to actuate in response to a voltage surge on the second electrical conductor before the fourth SPD, and wherein the fifth SPD is configured to actuate in response to a voltage surge on the third electrical conductor before the sixth SPD. 5. The solar power inverter of claim 4, further comprising: a seventh SPD electrically coupled to the first, third, and fifth SPDs and electrically coupleable to ground; and an eighth SPD electrically coupled to the second, fourth, and sixth SPDs and electrically coupleable to ground. 6. The solar power inverter of claim 1 wherein the electrical conductor is configured to carry direct current (DC). 7. The solar power inverter of claim 6 wherein the electrical conductor is a first electrical conductor, and wherein the solar power inverter further comprises: a third SPD electrically coupled to the component and electrically coupleable to a second electrical conductor configured to carry DC; and a fourth SPD electrically coupled in parallel with the third SPD and electrically coupleable to the second electrical conductor, wherein the third SPD is configured to actuate in response to a voltage surge on the second electrical conductor prior to the fourth SPD. 8. The solar power inverter of claim 7, further comprising: a fifth SPD electrically coupled to the first and third SPDs and electrically coupleable to ground; and a sixth SPD electrically coupled to the second and fourth SPDs and electrically coupleable to ground. 9. The solar power inverter of claim 8 wherein the fifth SPD includes a gas tube and the sixth SPD includes a gas tube. 10. The solar power inverter of claim 1 wherein the first SPD includes a metal-oxide varistor and the second SPD includes a metal-oxide varistor. 11. The solar power inverter of claim 1 wherein at least one of the first and second SPDs includes a diode. 12. The solar power inverter of claim 1, further comprising: a first device configured to detect a failure of the first SPD and provide an indication of the failure to a detection component of the solar power inverter; and a second device configured to detect a failure of the second SPD and provide an indication of the failure to the detection component. 13. A solar power inverter comprising: one or more components associated with conversion of direct current (DC) from one or more photovoltaic cells to alternating current (AC); a first surge protective device (SPD) electrically coupled to the one or more components, the first SPD having a first clamping voltage; and a second SPD electrically coupled in parallel with the first SPD, the second SPD having a second clamping voltage that is greater than the first clamping voltage, wherein the difference between the first clamping voltage and the second clamping voltage is such that the first SPD responds to a voltage surge before the second SPD. 14. The solar power inverter of claim 13 wherein the difference between the first clamping voltage and the second clamping voltage is further such that the first SPD dissipates a majority of power associated with the voltage surge. 15. The solar power inverter of claim 13 wherein the one or more components are susceptible to damage by voltage at a threshold voltage, and wherein the threshold voltage exceeds the first and second clamping voltages by at least a predetermined margin. 16. The solar power inverter of claim 13 wherein the one or more components are electrically coupleable to an electrical conductor configured to carry AC, and wherein the first and second SPDs are electrically coupleable to the electrical conductor. 17. The solar power inverter of claim 13 wherein the one or more components are electrically coupleable to an electrical conductor configured to carry DC, and wherein the first and second SPDs are electrically coupleable to the electrical conductor. 18. A solar power inverter comprising: means for performing a function associated with converting direct current (DC) from one or more photovoltaic cells to alternating current (AC); first means for protecting the means for performing from voltage surges; and second means for protecting the means for performing from voltage surges, the second means for protecting electrically coupled in parallel with the first means for protecting, wherein the first means for protecting is configured to actuate in response to a voltage surge before the second means for protecting. 19. The solar power inverter of claim 18 wherein the first means for protecting is configured to dissipate a majority of power associated with the voltage surge. 20. The solar power inverter of claim 18 wherein the first means for protecting is configured to clamp voltage surges at a first clamping voltage, the second means for protecting is configured to clamp voltage surges at a second clamping voltage greater than the first clamping voltage, wherein the means for performing are susceptible to damage by voltage at a threshold voltage, and wherein the threshold voltage exceeds the first and second clamping voltages by a predetermined margin. 21. The solar power inverter of claim 18 wherein the means for performing is electrically coupleable to an electrical conductor configured to carry AC, and wherein the first and second means for protecting are electrically coupleable to the electrical conductor. 22. The solar power inverter of claim 18 wherein the means for performing is electrically coupleable to an electrical conductor configured to carry DC, and wherein the first and second means for protecting are electrically coupleable to the electrical conductor. 23. A method of manufacturing a solar power inverter, the method comprising: electrically coupling a first surge protective device (SPD) to a solar power inverter component; and electrically coupling a second SPD in parallel with the first SPD, wherein the first SPD is configured to actuate in response to a voltage surge prior to the second SPD. 24. The method of claim 23 wherein the solar power inverter component is susceptible to damage from voltage exceeding a threshold voltage V.sub.T, and wherein the method further comprises: determining a surge margin V.sub.sm for the solar power inverter component; selecting the first SPD having a first clamping voltage V.sub.1 such that V.sub.1<V.sub.T-V.sub.sm, and selecting the second SPD having a second clamping voltage V.sub.2 such that V.sub.1<V.sub.2<V.sub.T-V.sub.sm. 25. A surge protection system, comprising: a first surge protective device (SPD) electrically coupleable to an electrical component, wherein the electrical component is electrically coupleable to an electrical conductor configured to carry electrical current; and a second SPD electrically coupled in parallel with the first SPD, wherein the first SPD is configured to actuate in response to a voltage surge on the electrical conductor before the second SPD actuates. 26. The surge protection system of claim 25 wherein the first SPD has a first clamping voltage, the second SPD has a second clamping voltage greater than the first clamping voltage, and wherein the difference between the first clamping voltage and the second clamping voltage is such that the first SPD actuates in response to a voltage surge before the second SPD actuates. 27. The surge protection system of claim 26 wherein the electrical component is susceptible to damage by voltage at a threshold voltage, and wherein the threshold voltage exceeds the first and second clamping voltages by at least a predetermined margin. 28. The surge protection system of claim 25 wherein the electrical component performs a function associated with generation of electricity from a renewable energy source. 