A light assembly is provided, which includes a solar cell, a light guiding plate mounted on one side of the solar cell; a frame releasably holding the solar cell and the light guiding plate; and a LED array releasably mounted within the frame and adjacent to the light guiding plate so that the light generated by the LED array passes through the side surface of the light guiding plate and illuminates the area in front of the light guiding plate or the light guiding plate.
Claims 1. A light assembly comprising: a solar cell; a light guiding plate mounted on one side of the solar cell; a frame releasably holding the solar cell and the light guiding plate; and a LED array releasably mounted within the frame and adjacent to the light guiding plate so that the light generated by the LED array passes through the side surface of the light guiding plate and illuminates the area in front of the light guiding plate or the light guiding plate. 2. The light assembly of claim 1, wherein the solar cell is a single crystal solar cell, poly-crystalline solar cell, thin film solar cell or plastic solar cell. 3. The light assembly of claim 1, wherein the light guiding plate includes a light reflection surface on the closest side of the light guiding plate from the solar cell. 4. The light assembly of claim 3, wherein the light guiding plate includes a scattering surface on the farthest side of the light guiding plate from the solar cell. 5. The light assembly of claim 1, wherein the light guiding plate comprises glass or plastic material. 6. The light assembly of claim 5, wherein the plastic material is poly methyl metacrylate (PMMA). 7. The light assembly of claim 1, wherein the frame is made of a metal or plastic material. 8. The light assembly of claim 7, wherein the metal material is selected from the group consisting of gold, silver, copper, iron, aluminum, magnesium, titanium, an alloy thereof and a metal composite. 9. The light assembly of claim 7, wherein the plastic material is an engineering plastic selected from the group consisting of carbon composite, polymer composite, and ceramic composite. 10. The light assembly of claim 1, further comprising a rechargeable battery in electrical connection with the solar cell and the LED array. 11. The light assembly of claim 10, further comprising a light sensitive switch circuitry in electrical connection with the rechargeable battery to allow the rechargeable battery selectively energize the LED array depending upon the light of the ambient environment. 12. The light assembly of claim 1, further comprising a reflector mounted next to the LED, and so configured that more light generated from the LED can enter the light guiding plate. 13. The light assembly of claim 1, further comprising a plate opposing to the light guiding plate mounted on the other side of the solar cell. 14. The light assembly of claim 1, further comprising a buffer disposed between the frame and the solar cell, and between the frame and the light guiding plate. 15. The light assembly of claim 14, wherein the buffer is coated with a reflection material. 16. A method of manufacturing a light assembly according to claim 1, comprising: mounting a light guiding plate on one side of a solar cell from the sunlight; releasably mounting a LED array within a frame; and using the frame to releasably hold the solar cell and the light guiding plate so that light generated by the LED array passes through the side surface of the light guiding plate, wherein the LED array and the solar cell are so configured that the heat generated by the LED array and the solar cell transfers to the frame. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein the frame is made of a metal or plastic material. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein the metal material is selected from the group consisting of gold, silver, copper, iron, aluminum, magnesium, titanium, an alloy thereof and a metal composite. 19. The method of claim 17, wherein the plastic material is an engineering plastic selected from the group consisting of carbon composite, polymer composite, and ceramic composite. 