Disclosed is a sensing apparatus, a network system, and a controlling method on the basis of a satellite. A satellite-based sensing network system, comprising: a plurality of satellite transmitters that collect information on a peripheral environment and an operating state, and transmits it to peripheral satellites; a satellite wireless receiving/display device that directly receives and displays the information collected from the satellites; a ground control center that receives, stores, and analyzes the information collected from the satellites; and a management center that maintains and repairs the satellite transmitter based on the analyzed results.
Claims 1. A satellite-based sensing network system, comprising: a plurality of satellite transmitters that collect information on a peripheral environment and an operating state, and transmits it to peripheral satellites; a satellite wireless receiving/display device that directly receives and displays the information collected from the satellites; a ground control center that receives, stores, and analyzes the information collected from the satellites; and a management center that maintains and repairs the satellite transmitter based on the analyzed results. 2. The satellite-based sensing network system according to claim 1, wherein the ground control center provides the information to user terminal through an Internet network. 3. The satellite-based sensing network system according to claim 1, wherein the satellite transmitter collects the information associated with at least one of weather information, atmospheric information, bridge management, environment monitoring, facilities management, water quality pollution management, national defense, public health, prevention of disasters, and security. 4. The satellite-based sensing network system according to claim 1, wherein the satellite wireless receiving/display device receives the information from the satellites and includes wireless terminals in various types. 5. The satellite-based sensing network system according to claim 1, wherein the satellite transmitter generates power through a solar cell and a small-sized storage battery and is operated by the generated power. 6. The satellite-based sensing network system according to claim 1, wherein the satellite transmitter transmits the information to the satellites at predetermined time interval. 7. The satellite-based sensing network system according to claim 1, wherein the ground control center informs the management center that the peripheral environment is abnormal according to the analyzed results and the management center takes predetermined actions. 8. The satellite-based sensing network system according to claim 1, wherein the satellite transmitter includes a receiver receiving sensed information from a plurality of sensors through a mobile communication network or a wired network and transmits the sensed information received through the receiver to the satellite. 9. A satellite-based sensing apparatus, comprising: a sensor that collects information on a peripheral environment and an operating state; and a satellite transmitter that transmits the collected information to a satellite network. 10. The satellite-based sensing apparatus according to claim 9, wherein the satellite transmitter includes at least one of: a decoder that decodes the information according to a protocol of the satellite network; a transmitter that transmits the decoded information according to a predetermined time period; and a receiver that receives information collected from the plurality of sensors of sensor network consisting of a mobile communication network or a wired network. 11. The satellite-based sensing apparatus according to claim 9, wherein the sensor includes at least one of an image sensor, a temperature sensor, a humidity sensor, a wind direction sensor, a rainfall sensor, a heat sensor, a load sensor, a vibration sensor, an atmospheric sensor, and a level sensor. 12. The satellite-based sensing apparatus according to claim 9, wherein the satellite network includes: a stationary satellite that amplifies and retransmits the transmitted information; a ground control center that receives and analyzes the retransmitted information; and a management center that maintains and repairs the satellite-based sensing apparatus based on the analyzed results. 13. The satellite-based sensing apparatus according to claim 12, wherein the management center provides at least one of the analyzed results, the information, and the state of the satellite-based sensing apparatus to an user terminal. 14. A method for controlling a satellite-based sensing network, comprising: collecting information on a peripheral environment sensed by a plurality of sensors and an operating state of the sensor; and transmitting the collected information to peripheral satellites according to a predetermined period. 15. The method for controlling a satellite-based sensing network according to claim 14, further comprising at least one of: decoding the collected information to transmit it to the satellites according to the predetermined period; and generating power from solar power generation or a battery. 16. A method for controlling a satellite-based sensing network, comprising: receiving information on a peripheral environment sensed by a plurality of sensors through satellites and information on an operating state of the sensor; analyzing whether there is abnormal generation in the sensor or the peripheral environment by using the received information; and commanding predetermined action against the abnormal sensor or the abnormal peripheral environment. 17. The method for controlling a satellite-based sensing network according to claim 16, further comprising taking predetermined action against the abnormal sensor or the abnormal peripheral environment according to the command. 18. The method for controlling a satellite-based sensing network according to claim 16, further comprising storing the received information and the analyzed results and providing them to a user terminal according to the user request. 19. The method for controlling a satellite-based sensing network according to claim 16, wherein the receiving includes providing the predetermined service using the information by an user wireless terminal. 