A back sheet comprises an interconnect circuit coupling a plurality of solar cell tiles. A tiled solar cell, comprising a solar cell and encapsulating and glass layers, is inserted into the solar cell tiles. Each solar cell is individually addressable through the use of the interconnect circuit. As such, each solar cell may be individually monitored through the utilization of the interconnect circuit of the back sheet.
Claims 1. A system for monitoring solar cells on a back sheet, the system comprising: an interconnect circuit on the back sheet for interconnecting a plurality of solar cells so as to provide an array of individually addressable solar cells; and a monitoring circuit, coupled to the interconnect circuit, for monitoring one or more conditions at the individually addressable solar cells. 2. The system for monitoring solar cells as set forth in claim 1, wherein the monitoring circuit comprises at least one temperature sensor. 3. The system for monitoring solar cells as set forth in claim 1, wherein the monitoring circuit comprises a sampling circuit for sampling a voltage level at each of the solar cells as a function of time with a certain periodicity and interval between samplings. 4. The system for monitoring solar cells as set forth in claim 1, wherein the monitoring circuit comprises at least one humidity sensor. 5. The system for monitoring solar cells as set forth in claim 1, wherein the monitoring circuit comprises at least one irradiance sensor. 6. The system for monitoring solar cells as set forth in claim 1, wherein the monitoring circuit samples the solar cells by using a clocking scheme to walk through all each of the solar cells in a row of selected solar cells. 7. The system for monitoring solar cells as set forth in claim 1, wherein a current-voltage (IV) characteristic of at least one of the solar cells is measured and stored in a database comprising a historical IV characteristic trend of the solar cell. 8. A method for monitoring solar cells on a back sheet, the method comprising: interconnecting a plurality of solar cells so as to provide an array of individually addressable solar cells; and monitoring, by a monitoring circuit coupled to an interconnect circuit, for monitoring one or more conditions at the individually addressable solar cells. 9. The method for monitoring solar cells as set forth in claim 8, wherein the monitoring circuit comprises at least one temperature sensor. 10. The method for monitoring solar cells as set forth in claim 8, wherein the monitoring circuit comprises a sampling circuit for sampling a voltage level at each of the solar cells as a function of time with a certain periodicity and interval between samplings. 11. The method for monitoring solar cells as set forth in claim 8, wherein the monitoring circuit comprises at least one humidity sensor. 12. The method for monitoring solar cells as set forth in claim 8, wherein the monitoring circuit comprises at least one irradiance sensor. 13. The method for monitoring solar cells as set forth in claim 8, wherein the monitoring circuit samples the solar cells by using a clocking scheme to walk through each of the solar cells in a row of selected solar cells. 14. The method for monitoring solar cells as set forth in claim 8, wherein a current-voltage (IV) characteristic of the solar cells is measured and stored in a database to comprise a historical IV characteristic trend of the solar cells. 15. A system for monitoring solar cells, the system comprising: a back sheet comprising an interconnect circuit for interconnecting a plurality of solar cells, the interconnect circuit coupled to each of the solar cells and at least one sensor; and a monitoring circuit, coupled to the interconnect circuit, for receiving signals from the solar cells and the sensor and for determining at least one condition at the solar cells. 16. The system for monitoring solar cells as set forth in claim 17, wherein the monitoring circuit comprises sampling accuracy tuned for a specific monitoring application. 17. The system for monitoring solar cells as set forth in claim 17, wherein the monitoring circuit comprises a sampling circuit for sampling a voltage level at each of the solar cells as a function of time with a certain periodicity and interval between samplings. 18. The system for monitoring solar cells as set forth in claim 17, wherein the monitoring circuit enables a row of the solar cells such that the enabling allows a voltage to be measured across each of the enabled solar cells. 19. The system for monitoring solar cells as set forth in claim 17, wherein the sensor comprises at least one irradiance sensor. 20. The system for monitoring solar cells as set forth in claim 17, wherein the sensor comprises at least one temperature sensor. 