A solar power station includes a plurality of solar panels each connected to a leaf, the leaf including a roof beam; a plurality of bearing plates respectively attached to the roof beams of the leaves; a first supporting structure connected to the bearing plates; a second supporting structure rotatably connected to the first supporting structure and fixedly mounted to a base; and a plurality of hydraulic jacks. One end of each hydraulic jack is fixed with the first supporting structure, and another end of the hydraulic jack is pivotally mounted to the roof beam of one of the leaves.
Claims 1. A solar power station comprising: a plurality of solar panels each connected to a leaf, the leaf comprising a roof beam; a plurality of bearing plates respectively attached to the roof beams of the leaves; a first supporting structure connected to the bearing plates; a second supporting structure rotatably connected to the first supporting structure and fixedly mounted to a base; and a plurality of hydraulic jacks, one end of each hydraulic jack being fixed with the first supporting structure, and another end of the hydraulic jack being pivotally mounted to the roof beam of one of the leaves. 2. The solar power station of claim 1, further comprising a steel wire, wherein the first supporting structure comprises a beam connected with the bearing plates, a truss structure connected with the beam and a first pole connecting the beam and the truss structure, a first end of the first pole being apart from the beam by a short distance, a first end of the steel wire being connected to a first end of the first pole, a second end of the steel wire being connected to the beam and the truss structure. 3. The solar power station of claim 2, wherein the truss structure comprises a multi-connected space truss, the multi-connected space truss comprising members jointed together at their ends. 4. The solar power station of claim 2, wherein the truss structure comprises a plurality of triangle space trusses that form a multi-connected tetrahedron, the multi-connected tetrahedron being fixed to the beam and the first pole. 5. The solar power station of claim 2, wherein the truss structure comprises a compound truss, the compound truss being formed by connecting two or more simple trusses together. 6. The solar power station of claim 2, further comprising a plurality of shafts respectively connected with the beam, each of the shafts passing through a pair of the bearing plates. 7. The solar power station of claim 6, further comprising a plurality of bearing brackets that are respectively connected with the beam, wherein each of the shafts passes through a pair of the bearing plates and a pair of the bearing brackets, and the center axes of the shafts are respectively apart from the beam by a distance. 8. The solar power station of claim 2, wherein the first supporting structure further comprises a rotatable platform, and the second supporting structure comprises a second pole and a shock absorbing pole, the first pole being fixed with the rotatable platform with one end, one end of the second pole being rotatably connected to the rotatable platform through a rotatable bearing and a bearing plate, and another end of the second pole being connected with the shock absorbing pole through an elastic unit. 9. The solar power station of claim 8, wherein the second pole has a plurality of narrow tubes fixed thereon and a hoop holding the second pole with the narrow tubes and fixed with an end of the shock absorbing pole. 10. The solar power station of claim 9, wherein the hoop holds the second pole with the narrow tubes through a track. 11. The solar power station of claim 9, wherein the hoop holds the second pole with the narrow tubes through a spring. 12. The solar power station of claim 9, wherein the second pole with the narrow tubes is inserted into the shock absorbing pole. 13. The solar power station of claim 8, wherein the elastic unit comprises an upper spring, a lower spring and a separation plate disposed therebetween. 14. The solar power station of claim 8, further comprising a rotatable plate, the rotatable plate being fixed with the first pole and with the rotatable platform. 15. The solar power station of claim 14, further comprising a locking structure, the locking structure comprising a circular hoop that is connected with an outer ring of the rotatable plate and connected to a circular outer ring of an upper end of the second pole. 16. The solar power station of claim 8, wherein the rotatable bearing comprises an outer race fixed to an end of the second pole, and an inner race with gears fixed to the first pole and rotatably engaged with the outer race. 17. The solar power station of claim 16, further comprising a tracking motor and a reducer connected with the tracking motor, the tracking motor and the reducer being disposed inside the second pole, the tracking motor being configured to drive a gear to rotate an inner gear of the inner race. 18. The solar power station of claim 8, wherein the rotatable bearing comprises an inner race fixed to an end of the second pole, and an outer race with gears fixed to the first pole and rotatably engaged with the inner race. 19. The solar power station of claim 18, further comprising a tracking motor and a reducer connected with the tracking motor, the tracking motor and the reducer being disposed outside of the second pole, the tracking motor being configured to drive a gear to rotate the outer gear. 20. The solar power station of claim 2, wherein the first supporting structure further comprises a rotatable platform for mounting the hydraulic jacks, and the second supporting structure comprises a second pole and a shock absorbing pole, one end of the second pole being disposed inside the first pole and rotatably connected to the first pole through a rotatable bearing and a bearing plate, and another end of the second pole being connected with the shock absorbing pole through an elastic unit. 21. The solar power station of claim 20, wherein the rotatable bearing comprises an outer race fixed to a top end of the second pole, and an inner race with gears fixed close to a top end of the first pole and rotatably engaged with the outer race. 22. The solar power station of claim 20, wherein a plurality of track rings are fixed onto the outer surface of the second pole or a plurality of track rings are fixed onto the inner surface of the first pole, a bearing is disposed on each of the track rings, and the bottom of the second pole is sealed and filled with reinforcing concrete. 23. The solar power station of claim 22, wherein the bearings are cylindrical roller bearings, ball bearings, or flange bearings. 24. The solar power station of claim 20, wherein the bearing plate is connected to the first pole at a position close to the position where the first pole is connected with the beam. 25. The solar power station of claim 20, wherein a cap is covered on the first end of the first pole. 26. The solar power station of claim 20, further comprising a circular ring welded to the second pole and being in contact with the bottom end of the first pole, and a rotatable bearing on the top of the circular ring, the rotatable bearing comprising an inner race fixed to the top of the circular ring and an outer race with gears fixed to the bottom end of the first pole and rotatably engaged with the inner race. 27. The solar power station of claim 26, further comprising a tracking motor and a reducer connected with the tracking motor, the tracking motor and the reducer being disposed between the first pole and the second pole, and the tracking motor being configured to drive a gear to rotate an inner ring gear of the first pole, or alternatively, the tracking motor and the reducer being disposed outside of the second pole, and the tracking motor being configured to drive a gear to rotate an outer gear. 28. The solar power station of claim 2, wherein the first supporting structure further comprises a supporting bearing bracket for mounting the hydraulic jacks, a second end of the first pole is connected with a first cylinder pipe, the second supporting structure comprises a second pole and a lower part of a second end of the second pole is connected with a second external cylinder pipe. 29. The solar power station of claim 28, wherein the lower part of the second pole is fixed to the base, the lower part of the first pole is disposed inside the second pole, and the first cylinder pipe is disposed inside the second cylinder pipe. 30. The solar power station of claim 28, wherein the second pole is fixed to the base and disposed inside the first pole, the first cylinder pipe is sealed and of a donut shape, the inner circular circumference of the first sealed cylinder pipe is surroundingly fixed to the lower end of the first pole, the bottom of the second cylinder pipe is sealed and of a donut shape, the circular inner circumference of the second cylinder pipe is surroundingly fixed to the lower part of the second pole, the second pole passes through the circular inner circumference of the donut shape of the external sealed second cylinder pipe, and the first cylinder pipe is disposed inside the second cylinder pipe. 31. The solar power station of claim 28, wherein the second end of the second pole and the second external cylinder pipe are sealed and filled with high density and low viscosity liquid for absorbing shocks, and the enclosure of the first cylinder pipe is sealed and filled with foam so as to make the first cylinder pipe float. 32. The solar power station of claim 29, further comprising an outer ring gear fixed to the surface of the first pole, a top plate fixed to the first end of the second pole, an elastic spring and a cover hoop fixed to the top plate, and a tracking motor and a reducer fixed on the top plate. 33. The solar power station of claim 29, wherein a plurality of track rings are fixed onto the outer surface of the first pole or onto the inner surface of the second pole, a bearing is disposed on each of the track rings to contact the outer surface of the first pole and the inner surface of the second pole, and a spring is disposed between the track rings. 34. The solar power station of claim 30, wherein a plurality of track rings are fixed onto the outer surface of the second pole or onto the inner surface of the first pole, and a bearing is disposed on each of the track rings to contact the inner surface of the first pole and the outer surface of the second pole. 35. The solar power station of claim 28, further comprising an external shell hoop that comprises the internal thread helixes or spirals turning around and attached from the bottom to the top of the inner surface of the external shell hoop. 36. The solar power station of claim 32, further comprising an external shell hoop that comprises the internal thread helixes or spirals turning around and attached from the bottom to the top of the inner surface of the external shell hoop, the external shell hoop being fixed to the top plate in the same way as the cover hoop is fixed to the top plate. 37. The solar power station of claim 34, further comprising an external shell hoop that comprises the internal thread helixes or spirals turning around and attached from the bottom to the top of the inner surface of the external shell hoop, wherein the external shell hoop is fixed between the bottom of the first pole and the top of first cylinder pipe or fixed to the upper part of first pole above the truss structure, a cone shaped waterproof cover is surroundingly fixed to the surface of the first pole below the external shell hoop, and a spring is disposed above the external shell hoop and on the top of the track rings below the external shell hoop. 38. The solar power station of claim 29, wherein the first pole comprises external thread helixes or spirals turning around and attached close to the external shell hoop, a bolt passes through and is fixed to the upper end of the external thread of first pole, and a blocker is fixed to the bottom end of the external thread of the first pole. 39. The solar power station of claim 30, wherein the second pole comprises external thread helixes or spirals turning around and attached close to the external shell hoop, a bolt passes through and is fixed to the upper end of the internal thread of external shell hoop, and a blocker is fixed to the bottom end of internal thread of external shell hoop. 40. The solar power station of claim 36, wherein a row of ball bearings are disposed onto the top surface of the internal thread of the external shell hoop and the top surface of the external thread of the first pole. 41. The solar power station of claim 37, wherein a row of ball bearings are disposed onto the top surface of the internal thread of the external shell hoop and the top surface of the external thread of the second pole. 42. The solar power station of claim 40, wherein the buoyancy upward level of the first pole is configured to follow a liquid level change within the second cylinder pipe, the upward buoyancy force pushes the external thread of the first pole to follow the internal thread of the fixed external shell hoop and turn around, and a lower part of the second cylinder pipe comprises an opening and a pipe connected to the opening, the opening and the pipe being configured for connecting the second cylinder pipe to a corresponding opening of lower part of the another second cylinder pipe of another solar power station and transferring the liquid therebetween so as to balance the liquid level therebetween. 43. The solar power station of claim 41, wherein the buoyancy upward level of the first pole is configured to follow a liquid level change within the second cylinder pipe, the upward buoyancy force pushes the internal thread of external shell hoop to follow the external thread of the fixed second pole and turn around, and a lower part of the second cylinder pipe comprises an opening and a pipe connected to the opening, the opening and the pipe being configured for connecting the second cylinder pipe to a corresponding opening of lower part of the another second cylinder pipe of another solar power station and transferring the liquid therebetween so as to balance the liquid level therebetween. 44. The solar power station of claim 28, further comprising a permanent magnet system to support the first supporting structure, the permanent magnet system comprising an upper permanent magnet within an upper container formed by the first cylinder pipe, and a lower permanent magnet within a lower container that is fixed to the second cylinder pipe by bolts and nuts and covered by a steel plate. 45. The solar power station of claim 44, further comprising an electromagnet core system, the electromagnet core system comprising a plurality of rows of iron core poles within the upper container and the lower container, and copper wires being fixed at the top covers of the upper container and the lower container by the bolts and nuts, within the upper container and the lower container the copper wires coiling around each of the iron core poles. 46. The solar power station of claim 45, the upper container and the lower container are separated by a gap, and a spring is fixed onto the top of the steel plate on the lower container. 47. The solar power station of claim 2, further comprising a supporting bearing bracket for mounting the hydraulic jacks, the second supporting structure comprising a second pole filled with reinforcing concrete, the lower part of the second pole passing through the bottom of a second external cylinder pipe to the base. 48. The solar power station of claim 47, further comprising a rotation gear system, the rotation gear system comprising a motor, a reducer fixed to the top end of the second pole, and a ring gear fixed to the inner surface of the first pole. 49. The solar power station of claim 8, wherein one end of each of the hydraulic jacks is fixed to the rotatable platform. 50. The solar power station of claim 28, wherein each of the hydraulic jacks comprises a gusset plate with an opening, a supporting bearing structure disposed on two sides of the first pole, and a shaft disposed through the opening of the gusset plate and the supporting bearing structure. 51. The solar power station of claim 28, wherein each of the hydraulic jacks comprises a pair of short pipes welded to two sides of the hydraulic jack, a supporting bearing structure disposed on two sides of the first pole, and a pair of shafts respectively disposed through the short pipes and the supporting bearing structure. 52. The solar power station of claim 50, wherein the supporting bearing structure is disposed in a box, the box is fixed to the first pole, and the shaft is fixed to the center of the box behind the first pole. 53. The solar power station of claim 50, wherein the shaft is directly connected to the first pole. 54. The solar power station of claim 51, wherein the supporting bearing structure comprises a plurality of bearing plates and an angle frame structure, the angle frame structure being fixed to the bearing plates and the first pole. 55. The solar power station of claim 51, wherein the gusset plate with the supporting bearing structure for respectively mounting the hydraulic jacks is fixed to a triangle space truss below the beam. 56. The solar power station of claim 51, wherein each hydraulic jack is fixed to a folded coupler, the folded coupler comprises a pair of lower arms and a pair of upper arms connected together by a center shaft, an end of the hydraulic jack is fixed to the center shaft, a first ends of the upper arms are fixed to the bottom roof of the solar panel, a second ends of the lower arms are fixed to a bearing bracket, the bearing bracket is disposed at the back side of a triangle space truss of the first pole. 57. The solar power station of claim 50, wherein the supporting bearing structure comprises a triangle frame that is configured to support the hydraulic jack, the triangle frame comprises two symmetrical portions separated by the first pole, a upper end and a lower end of the triangle frame are foldingly connected to a side of the first pole, a short vertical trapezium frame is connected to the base of the middle of triangle frame, and a bearing bracket of the hydraulic jacks is connected to the short vertical trapezium frame. 58. The solar power station of claim 1, further comprising a plurality of light sensors respectively disposed on the edges of the solar panels. 