A power generation system for feeding power from generators into an AC grid, the system comprising a plurality of inverters connected to corresponding ones of the generators, and connected to the AC grid is disclosed. The plurality of inverters forms part of a data network, wherein one of the inverters forms a communication unit for receiving feed-in parameters from a grid control system and for controlling the plurality of inverters via the data network such that the power generation system feeds power to the AC grid in accordance with the feed-in parameters.
Claims 1. A power generation system for feeding power from generators into an AC grid, the system comprising a plurality of inverters connected to corresponding ones of the generators, and connected to the AC grid, the plurality of inverters forming part of a data network, wherein one of the inverters forms a communication unit for receiving feed-in parameters from an external grid control system and for controlling the plurality of inverters via the data network such that the power generation system feeds power to the AC grid in accordance with the feed-in parameters. 2. The power generation system of claim 1, wherein the one of the inverters is configured as a master, and the respective other ones of the inverters are configured as slaves. 3. The power generation system of claim 1, wherein in case of a failure of the one of the inverters, the power generation system is configured to select another one of the inverters as a backup communication unit. 4. The power generation system of claim 1, wherein at least two of the plurality of inverters are configured to act as the communication unit. 5. The power generation system of claim 1, wherein each inverter of the plurality of inverters is configured to act as the communication unit. 6. The power generation system of claim 1, wherein the generators comprise one of the group of a photovoltaic generator, a fuel cell, a battery system, a biomass power unit, a combined heat-power unit, a combustion engine, a wind turbine, a hydroelectric generator, and a gas turbine. 7. The power generation system of claim 1, wherein the data network comprises a radio connection. 8. The power generation system of claim 1, wherein the data network comprises a wired connection. 9. The power generation system of claim 1, wherein the communication unit is connected to the Internet or a wide-area network for receiving the feed-in parameters. 10. The power generation system of claim 1, wherein the communication unit is configured to convert the feed-in parameters into operation commands for controlling individual ones of the plurality of inverters, and to transmit the operation commands to the corresponding inverter, thereby controlling the operation of the corresponding inverter so as to feed power to the AC grid in accordance with the feed-in parameter. 11. The power generation system of claim 1, wherein the system is configured to automatically select one of the plurality of inverters as the communication unit. 12. The power generation system of claim 1, further comprising an electrical storage device. 13. The power generation system of claim 12, wherein the power generation system is configured to direct energy generated by the plurality of inverters into and out of the energy storage device so as to feed power to the AC grid in accordance with the feed-in parameters. 14. The power generation system of claim 1, wherein each of the plurality of inverters is configured to deliver a nominal power between 1 kW and 100 kW. 15. An inverter for feeding power into an alternating-current power grid, wherein the inverter can be connected on the input side to a generator generating electrical energy, the inverter comprising: a data connection to a data network, wherein the data network comprises a plurality of additional inverters with additional power generators for feeding power into the alternating-current power grid, wherein the data network forms a communication unit with at least one inverter, wherein at least one of the inverters as a master forms a control unit for the communication unit with a plurality of additional inverters operating as slaves, and wherein, through the control unit, the communication unit is controlled so that a power plant unit is provided that is uniform with respect to feed-in parameters and that is connected in a power grid as an external unit with an integrated inspection and control structure. 16. The inverter according to claim 15, wherein at least one generator is a photovoltaic generator. 17. The inverter according to claim 15, wherein at least one generator is a fuel-cell power generator, a battery system, a biomass power plant, a combined heat and power plant, an internal combustion engine generator, a wind turbine, a hydroelectric generator, a gas-turbine generator, and/or another photovoltaic generator. 18. The inverter according to claim 15, wherein the data connection is constructed at least partially as a radio connection. 19. The inverter according to claim 15, wherein the data connection is constructed at least partially as a wired connection. 20. The inverter according to claim 15, wherein the data network is connected by the inverter operating as a master to a higher-level controller, in particular to a local or super-regional grid control system, wherein the higher-level controller transmits target values, commands, and/or parameters to the network comprising the plurality of additional inverters. 21. The inverter according to claim 20, wherein a slave takes over the master role when the master fails. 