A parking space monitoring system, with multiple microprocessors for handling various parking space management conditions, including at least one of the following conditions: (1) Space Occupancy (vehicle detection); (2) Parking Meter Status; (3) Display of Parking Policy to Motorists; (3) Motorist User Interactions; (4) Maintenance User Interactions; (5) Radio Communications with a Central management system and Network; and (6) Coordination of the operation between various ones of the microprocessors.
Claims 1. A parking space monitoring system, comprising multiple microprocessors for handling various parking space management conditions, including at least one of the following conditions: (1) Space Occupancy (vehicle detection); (2) Parking Meter Status; (3) Display of Parking Policy to Motorists; (3) Motorist User Interactions; (4) Maintenance User Interactions; (5) Radio Communications with a Central management system and Network; and (6) Coordination of the operation between various ones of said microprocessors. 2. A parking space monitoring system as in claim 1, further comprising a power control mechanism for reinitializing individual ones of said multiple microprocessors without affecting the operation of the other of said microprocessors in the parking space monitoring system. 3. A parking space monitoring system as in claims 1 and 2 wherein the individual operability status of an individual one of said microprocessors is queried by another of said microprocessors and instructs said power control mechanism to reinitialize a non-responsive microprocessor. 4. A parking space monitoring system as in claim 1, further comprising a power supply and solar cells for supplementing additional power shared with at least one of the external devices such as parking meters, digital signage and other types of related user interfacing devices. 5. A parking space monitoring system as in claim 1, further comprising mobile computers, a remote processing center and a network to connect said remote processing center to aggregate data and instruct said mobile computers to instruct field personnel of at least one of current violations, maintenance issues or meter collection requirements. 6. A parking space monitoring system as in claim 5 wherein said mobile computers include a Global Positioning System (GPS) whereby said (GPS) reports current geographical location to receive direction as to the instruction of field personnel with respect to current violations, maintenance issues or meter collection requirements are most proximate to the person using said mobile devices. 7. A parking space monitoring system as in claim 5, further comprising a plurality of parking space monitoring devices, a configuration of said mobile computers, said remote processing center and said plurality of parking space monitoring devices for defining and weighing additional information related to the urgency of action by field personnel and the responding proximity of the person for determining the highest degree of effective response including at least one of the citation fine amount, violation type, type of equipment failure, historical usage rates in the location being monitored, meter rates, time in violation, current duration of equipment failure, and type of residential or commercial parking location. 8. A parking space monitoring system as in claims 5 and 6, wherein a supervisor observes the location of each worker in the parking space monitoring device based on the last transmission of GPS data and dispatches each said worker to emergencies, and ensures that each of said workers are in those locations that they have been assigned and that they are actively pursuing their assigned work. 9. A parking space monitoring system as in claim 1, further comprising at least one of a reed relay switch and other type of switch for use by in-field personnel to wake the parking space monitoring system from a power-saving sleep mode and to initiate a programmable set of instructions, including at least one of: (1) retrieving updated commands from said remote processing center or the local network, (2) sending the unit's configuration and diagnostic information, (3) posting time to a connected parking meter and any other set of operational and troubleshooting tasks the parking space monitoring system is capable of initiating. 10. A parking space monitoring system as in claim 1, further comprising a separate device employing at least one of an induction loop, magnetometer, RADAR, ultrasonic, infrared viable means, and a radio, said separate device monitoring the parking space's occupancy and communicates the parking space's occupancy status either directly through at least one of (1) said radio, (2) the network to which the devices are connected, and (3) by said remote processing center. 11. A parking space monitoring system as in claim 10, further comprising a connected detection unit including said induction loop and installed below grade in the parking spaces of said parking space monitoring system. 12. A parking space monitoring system as in claim 1, further comprising means for tracking and communicating the operational status for each of said multiple microprocessors including at least one of the following error conditions: (1) Unspecified general error--No response; (2) Transfer aborted; (3) Checksum error; (4) Link level protocol error; (5) Transport level protocol error; (6) Application level protocol error; (7) Invalid Transport error; (8) Invalid request type; (9) Invalid data in request; (10) Invalid count was specified in request; (11) Verify error; (12) No transfer buffer available; (13) No memory buffer available; (14) Invalid message length; (15) Error accessing real time clock; (16) Invalid chip ID; (17) Not active; (18) Device is busy; (19) Invalid sequence number: (20) No response to application level request; (21) Device cannot accept input--retry later; (22) Parking meter error: protocol error; (23) Parking meter error: Invalid acknowledgement character received from parking meter; (24): Listen pulse error; (25) Parking meter error: Meter mode character error; and (26) Parking meter error Parking meter has been disabled. 13. A parking space monitoring system as in claim 5, further comprising means for applying sequenced message numbers to each message received by said remote processing center, whereby any messages that fail to be successfully communicated from the parking space monitoring system are identified as missing, said means for subsequently quantifying said messages to indicate the number of missing messages that occur during a particular time frame and examining said messages to identify potential maintenance needs. 