A thickness measuring device for measuring the thickness of a layer on a substrate surface of a substrate is provided, including multiple piezoelectric crystal elements, which are arranged in an array corresponding to multiple positions on the substrate surface and which are adapted to monitor the deposition rate of a vapor to be deposited on the substrate surface.
Claims 1. A thickness measuring device for measuring the thickness of a layer on a substrate surface of a substrate, comprising multiple piezoelectric crystal elements, which are arranged in an array corresponding to multiple positions on the substrate surface and which are adapted to monitor the deposition rate of a vapor to be deposited on the substrate surface. 2. The thickness measuring device according to claim 1, wherein the array is at least one element chosen from a row, a straight row, and an array arranged in a plane. 3. The thickness measuring device according to claim 1, wherein the substrate surface has a width across which the thickness is to be measured, and the array has a length adapted to the width of the substrate surface. 4. The thickness measuring device according to claim 1, wherein the array of the multiple piezoelectric crystal elements is adapted to be arranged in a plane chosen from a plane corresponding to a plane of the substrate surface, a plane which is in parallel to a plane of the substrate surface, a plane corresponding to a transport plane of the substrate, and a plane which is in parallel to a transport plane of the substrate. 5. The thickness measuring device according to claim 1, wherein the array of the multiple piezoelectric crystal elements is adapted to be positioned on a substrate support for supporting or transporting the substrate. 6. The thickness measuring device according to claim 1, wherein the thickness measuring device comprises a layer thickness extracting device connected to or connectable to the multiple piezoelectric crystal elements and adapted to extract the layer thickness from at least two of the piezoelectric crystal elements. 7. The thickness measuring device according to claim 1, wherein the thickness measuring device comprises a layer thickness comparison device adapted to compare the layer thickness extracted from at least two of the piezoelectric crystal elements. 8. The thickness measuring device according to claim 1, wherein the thickness measuring device comprises at least one shutter adapted to shield at least one or all of the multiple piezoelectric crystal elements. 9. The thickness measuring device according to claim 1, wherein the thickness measuring device is a thickness uniformity measuring device. 10. A coating installation comprising a thickness measuring device for measuring the thickness of a layer on a substrate surface of a substrate, the thickness measuring device comprising multiple piezoelectric crystal elements, which are arranged in an array corresponding to multiple positions on the substrate surface and which are adapted to monitor the deposition rate of a vapor to be deposited on the substrate surface. 11. A method of measuring the thickness of a layer on a substrate surface of a substrate, comprising providing multiple piezoelectric crystal elements arranged in an array corresponding to multiple positions on the substrate surface, producing a vapor of material to be deposited on the substrate surface, and measuring the deposition rate of the vapor by means of the multiple piezoelectric crystal elements. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein the array of the multiple piezoelectric crystal elements is arranged in a plane chosen from a plane corresponding to a plane of the substrate surface, a plane which is in parallel to a plane of the substrate surface, a plane corresponding to a transport plane of the substrate, and a plane which is in parallel to a transport plane of the substrate. 13. The method of claim 11, wherein the vapor is produced by a vapor source, at least one substrate is transported on a substrate support, the substrate surface facing the vapor source, and the array of the multiple piezoelectric crystal elements is positioned facing the vapor source. 14. The method of claim 11, wherein the array of the multiple piezoelectric crystal elements is supported on a substrate support. 15. The method of claim 11, wherein the array of the multiple piezoelectric crystal elements is transported on a substrate support. 16. The method of claim 11, wherein the array of the multiple piezoelectric crystal elements is provided in a position chosen from a position on a substrate support, a position on the substrate support instead of at least one substrate, a position on the substrate support in a gap between two substrates, a position facing the vapor source during transport of the at least one substrate, a position facing the vapor source after and before transport of the at least one substrate, and a position facing the vapor source during transport of the at least one substrate through gaps between two substrates. 17. The method of claim 11, wherein the deposition rate of the vapor on at least one of the multiple piezoelectric crystal elements is correlated with the layer thickness of the material on the substrate surface. 18. The method of claim 11, comprising at least one step chosen from: at least one element chosen from the deposition rate of the vapor of material and the layer thickness of the material on the substrate surface is determined during transport of the at least one substrate; the deposition rate of at least one element chosen from the vapor of material and the layer thickness of the material on the substrate surface is determined after transport of the at least one substrate; and the deposition rate is determined by means of changes of oscillation frequency of the multiple piezoelectric crystal elements. 19. The method of claim 11, wherein a calibration of changes of oscillation frequency of at least one of the multiple piezoelectric crystal elements with respect to the layer thickness on the substrate surface is performed. 20. The method of claim 11, comprising at least one step chosen from: changes of oscillation frequency of at least two of the multiple piezoelectric crystal elements are determined; changes of oscillation frequency at least two of the multiple piezoelectric crystal elements are processed; and changes of oscillation frequency at least two of the multiple piezoelectric crystal elements are compared. 21. The method of claim 11, comprising at least one step chosen from: the layer thickness is extracted from at least two of the multiple piezoelectric crystal elements; and the layer thickness is extracted from at least two of the multiple piezoelectric crystal elements and compared. 22. The method of claim 11, wherein the layer thickness uniformity is determined. 23. The method of claim 11, wherein the layer thickness is measured in situ. 24. The method of claim 11, wherein the substrate surface has a width across which the layer thickness is to be measured, and the array of the multiple piezoelectric crystal elements has a length and is positioned with its length in parallel to the width of the substrate surface. 25. The method of claim 11, wherein the vapor is produced in at least one process chosen from evaporation, sputtering, PVD, CVD, production of electrical contacts, production of electrical contacts for semiconductor devices, and production of contact layers of solar cells. 