The method included herein is an alternative energy wireless solar panel wind turbine communication server appliance node mechanism with built in communications server array, wireless energy and communications mechanism with protection, sharing, storage, accessing, authentication, battery management, certification, processing attachment and tracking mechanisms. The method and mechanism is utilized via networked servers, solar panels, and wireless electronic devices (online and offline) as well as mobile (wireless) communications devices built into one waterproof, temperature, controlled self sensing hardware package. The method and mechanism also works as part of a kilowatt hour banking system, and thermal passive solar control mechanism for living spaces.
Claims 1. (canceled) 2. (canceled) 3. (canceled) 4. (canceled) 5. (canceled) 6. (canceled) 7. (canceled) 8. (canceled) 9. (canceled) 10. (canceled) 11. (canceled) 12. (canceled) 13. (canceled) 14. (canceled) 15. (canceled) 16. (canceled) 17. (canceled) 18. (canceled) 19. (canceled) 20. (canceled) 21. A solar panel and wind turbine hybrid apparatus in combination with a computer server comprising; one or more solar panels and one or more wind turbines for generating electrical energy; a computer server connected to the solar panels and wind turbines for the purpose of creating, processing, serving, managing, storing, maximizing, and monetizing the electrical generation; an hour metering and banking manager connected to the solar panels and wind turbines; a battery metering and manager server; a cooling system manager; a thermal sensor; servers controlling management for use with conventional power and communication grids or independently off the conventional power and communication grid; a cooling and heating apparatus that is connected to solar heaters, generators, for energy creation and water and space heating and cooling; and a solar transparent material wiper for clearing a solar arrays surface from obstructions. 22. The device of claim 21, further comprising a wireless energy transmission and receiving transformer; one or more low voltage data servers; and wireless data transmission routers combined in one solar server array of nodes with communication between each solar panel and wind turbine communication server appliance node and many solar panel wind turbine communication server appliance nodes. 23. The device of claim 21, further comprising a parallel processing network of solar servers coupled with mini wind turbines. 24. The device of claim 22, further comprising a video camera system for remote management of the solar surfaces; and a wireless network embedded in the server appliance node unit for transmitting and receiving electricity and communications. 25. The device of claim 21, further comprising a ventilator system apparatus; and a winter heating apparatus creating a passive solar heat energy connected to the ventilator system apparatus of the solar panel wind turbine communication server appliance node cooling system. 26. The device of claim 21, further comprising a solar panel protection cover and heat generator which can automatically retract; and the cover provides side or top or bottom or underneath storage. 27. The device of claim 26, further comprising an infrared top or bottom solar panel for nighttime or non-optimal solar light energy generation when the cover is utilized or stored; and the infrared top or bottom solar panel is mounted on top of the solar panel. 28. The device of claim 27, wherein the infrared top or bottom solar panel is automatically inflated to create passive solar heat which is piped or ducted into the cooling system line. 29. The device of claim 27, wherein the infrared top or bottom solar panel can retract or be permanently mounted within the roof with the sliding infrared solar panel cover for night time and inclement weather energy generation. 30. The device of claim 26, further comprising a solar panel built into a skylight creating electricity, collecting light for lighting the space below, and passive heating apparatus; and a lighting, energy, and heating measurements and control apparatus built into solar panel wind turbine communication server appliance node. 31. The device of claim 30 wherein the skylight is mounted into the roof, side, or surface of a building; the skylight includes an inflatable flexible sided cushion with a top plastic or glass surface that automatically inflates with an air pump; and the skylight is retractable for non-heating accumulation and protection of the solar panel. 32. The device of claim 21, further comprising a retractable mini wind turbine generator that is retracted and folds into the body of the solar and wind turbine hybrid. 33. The device of claim 21, further comprising a solar panel wind turbine communication server with an appliance node for VOIP cell connection; each solar panel wind turbine communication server appliance node is a separate receiver and transmitter that is networked into the parallel server cluster nodes; each of the servers is installed at a specific spatial point target for remote identification of the location, security identification tracking and analysis, and diagnostic purposes; each solar panel wind turbine communication server appliance node is connected to the hour energy bank; a solar panel wind turbine communication server appliance nodes interactive network backbone grid, which is connected to an advertising VOIP communication network and the energy bank which permits users to participate in the excess revenue generated from surplus energy delivered back to the grid; and a metering system implemented throughout the solar panel wind turbine communication server appliance node network attached to any real property or public space to meter the thermal units, kilowatt hours and transactions between the network and the energy bank. 34. The device of claim 21, further comprising a solar server parallel processing system for transferring data, video, voice, and files independent of the current communication and energy grid from any solar panel wind turbine communication server appliance node network system and apparatus to another solar panel wind turbine communication server appliance node networked system or into the conventional energy and communication grid. 35. The device of claim 21, further comprising and further comprising a backbone system for transferring data, video, voice, and files independent of the current communication and energy grid remotely from any solar panel wind turbine communication server appliance node network system. 36. The device of claim 33, further comprising a belt apparatus for sensing all five human senses; and one or more gaseous, thermal, optical, pressure, and weather sensors at specific spatial points and remotely from any networked wired or wireless device that is connected to the server for the purpose of monitoring, and tracking and providing useful information and data via VOIP, with video. 37. The device of claim 21, further comprising each solar panel wind turbine communication server appliance has separate control signals for diagnosing problems; a camera for reporting to a monitoring station with a cam shot to view the field or rooftop solar panel wind turbine communication; and each solar server array or unit having an automatic or manual mechanical cleaner system and heater with multi camera systems and sensors for keeping the surface of the solar panel wind turbine communication server appliance clean and clear of obstructions. 38. The device of claim 21, further comprising an independent network backbone for local communication, wireless or wired to the interior or exterior of a structure to provide communications in the solar server network; and a multiple spatial point communication apparatus providing wired or wireless communication from any solar panel wind turbine communication server appliance in the network. 39. The device of claim 21, further comprising a built in independent component so if the electrical grid goes down the solar panel wind turbine communication server appliance node network grid will keep working to keep electricity and communication running when the conventional grid is unavailable. 40. The device of claim 21, further comprising a combination heating and cooling multiple fan or pump apparatus for cooling and heating each solar panel wind turbine and solar battery cluster by disbursing the hot or cold air or water through pipes and generators into any structure that requires heating, cooling, or electrical energy use; and a hot water heater apparatus connected to the grid of solar panel wind turbines that has a black pipe array which is combined with the heat from the cooling solar panel wind turbine to create extreme temperatures for heating, cooling, and electricity creation. 41. The device of claim 21, further comprising a cooling heating piping apparatus that has a clear top and a black reflective bottom surface that can be rotated; the rotating piping apparatus allows a cover to be placed over water and air pipes to increase heat generation; the pipe apparatus can be rotated into clear or shaded dark for temperature control by a main server thermal manager; a magnetic motor with a built in generator apparatus for ventilation of the solar panel wind; one or more batteries networked cluster attached to a parallel solar server networked grid to receive, store, and send energy to the conventional power grid, or the solar server grid; a meter attached to the batteries to measure the kilowatt hours that are used or that energy delivered to and used by the conventional power grid or the independent solar wind power grid; and a battery manager that is controlled by a battery manager server. 42. The device of claim 21, further comprising a dual purpose electrical socket for splitting the conventional power grid supply from the solar panel wind turbine so that a user can choose which supply they want to use for their power needs; and an automatic switching apparatus between the grids. 43. The device of claim 21, further comprising a wind turbine apparatus with a plurality of multiple generators that convert mechanical energy into electrical energy for multiple electricity generation assembled into one assembly or multiple assemblies on a shaft connected to a servo adjustable wind vane whereby the wind vane is adjustable for an open position while generating electricity, and a closed ball position for storage and inclement weather protection with wires for transmission of electricity going down a double insulated shaft into the solar panel wind turbine for transmission electricity to the main box or nearby collector; a low energy ventilator and thermal gaseous sensor built into the multiple wind turbines attached to the solar panel wind turbine for measuring and keeping turbine shaft at optimum temperature; and a servo built into the solar panel wind turbine that controls automatic storage and use position for the wind turbines that is controlled by a group of microcontrollers in the main server unit and that is connected to information related to weather, and internal sensing devices for decisions to raise the wind turbines, or lower the wind turbines for storage to be out of the way and not blocking light with shadows on solar panels at different times of the day or night or storage for protection of the wind turbines during high winds or inclement weather, and raised for the generation of electricity utilizing wind. 44. The device of claim 21, further comprising a multiple gear, single lever, single shaft pull system that automatically converts the wind vanes into a round or oval shaped ball for storage and protection; and pulled by a servo that either opens or closes the wind vanes for use or storage that is connected into a retraction apparatus and managed by the server with wind speed, sensors for temperature, gaseous analysis, and weather information for decisions to retract or raise the wind vanes for energy creation or storage for protection from inclement weather. 45. The device of claim 21, further comprising a magnetic motor generator for generating additional energy to the cluster grid. 