In accordance with the present disclosure, a power management system is provided that includes a control system to monitor the actual power output of one or more arrays of photovoltaic modules. The power management system includes a processor-based device to estimate the power output of the one or more arrays of photovoltaic modules and to compare the estimated power output to the actual power output measurement received from the control system. A method is provided for monitoring power generation. A method is provided for generating a model to estimate power generation.
Claims 1. A power management system, comprising: a control system configured to monitor the actual power output of one or more arrays comprised of photovoltaic modules; and a processor-based device configured to receive input signals, to calculate an estimated power output of the one or more arrays of photovoltaic modules and the respective photovoltaic modules based on the input signals, and to compare the estimated power output for the one or more arrays of photovoltaic modules to the actual power output measurement received from the control system. 2. The power management system of claim 1, wherein the processor-based device is configured to adjust the input signals until the estimated power output of the one or more arrays of photovoltaic modules substantially matches the actual power output measurement of the one or more arrays of photovoltaic modules. 3. The power management system of claim 2, comprising identifying the source of a power loss in the one or more arrays of photovoltaic modules based on the adjusted input signals. 4. The power management system of claim 1, wherein the input signals include position of the sun, degree of shading, amount of irradiation, temperature, open circuit voltage, time of year, physical connections between each photovoltaic module, and/or solar module type. 5. The power management system of claim 1, wherein the processor-based device executes an algorithm to process the input signals to calculate the estimated power output for both the one or more arrays of photovoltaic modules and the respective photovoltaic modules. 6. The power management system of claim 1, wherein the processor-based device executes an algorithm to adjust the input signals until the estimated power output substantially matches the actual power output measurement of the one or more arrays of photovoltaic modules. 7. The power management system of claim 1, wherein the estimated power output represents a global maximum power point determined where multiple different local maximum power points are present. 8. The power management system of claim 1, wherein the estimated power output represents a global maximum power point determined for a specified degree of shading. 9. A method for monitoring power generation, comprising: obtaining input signals related to photovoltaic power generation; calculating an estimated power output for each photovoltaic module of a plurality of photovoltaic modules based on the obtained input signals, wherein the act of calculating is performed on a processor-based system; and calculating an estimated power output for the plurality of photovoltaic modules based on the estimated power output for each photovoltaic module of the plurality of photovoltaic modules and on the electrical connections between the photovoltaic modules, wherein the act of calculating is performed on the processor-based system. 10. The method for monitoring power generation of claim 9, further comprising: obtaining an actual power output measurement for the plurality of photovoltaic modules; and comparing the actual power output measurement to the estimated power output using the processor-based system. 11. The method for monitoring power generation of claim 10, further comprising: adjusting the input signals to obtain an estimated power output for the plurality of photovoltaic modules that substantially matches the actual power output measurement of the plurality of photovoltaic devices, wherein the act of adjusting is performed on the processor-based system. 12. The method for monitoring power generation of claim 11, further comprising: identifying a source of power loss within the plurality of photovoltaic modules based on the adjusted input signals. 13. The method for monitoring power generation of claim 12, further comprising: confirming the source of power loss via adjustments to one or more of the photovoltaic modules of the plurality of photovoltaic modules; and monitoring the plurality of photovoltaic modules for an increase in actual power output measurement by the plurality of photovoltaic modules. 14. The method for monitoring power generation of claim 9, wherein the input signals include position of the sun, degree of shading, amount of irradiation, temperature, open circuit voltage, time of year, physical connections between each photovoltaic module, and/or solar module type. 15. The method for monitoring power generation of claim 9, wherein the processor-based system executes an algorithm to use the input signals to calculate the estimated power output for each photovoltaic module of the plurality of photovoltaic modules and for the plurality of photovoltaic modules. 16. The method for monitoring power generation of claim 15, wherein the processor-based system executes an algorithm to adjust the input signals until the estimated power output matches the actual power output measurement of the plurality of photovoltaic modules. 17. A method for generating a model to estimate power generation, comprising: identifying one or more photovoltaic module types to be modeled; incorporating the one or more photovoltaic module types into a model; identifying interconnections of a plurality of photovoltaic modules to be modeled; incorporating the interconnections of the plurality of photovoltaic modules into the model; identifying internal operating conditions of the respective photovoltaic modules to be modeled; incorporating the internal operating conditions of the respective photovoltaic modules into the model; identifying external operating conditions of the respective photovoltaic modules to be modeled; incorporating the external operating conditions of the respective photovoltaic modules into the model; and using the model to estimate the power output for the respective photovoltaic modules based on the respective photovoltaic module type, the interconnections of the photovoltaic module with other photovoltaic modules, and on one or more inputs describing the internal operating conditions and the external operating conditions applying to the respective photovoltaic modules. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein the external operating conditions include position of the sun, degree of shading, amount of irradiation, temperature, and/or time of year. 19. The method of claim 17, wherein the internal operating conditions include open string fuses and/or open circuit voltage. 20. The method of claim 17, further comprising: using the model to estimate the power output of a photovoltaic system comprised of the respective photovoltaic modules. 21. The method of claim 20, further comprising: using the model to compare an actual power output measurement of the photovoltaic system to the estimated power output. 22. The method of claim 21, wherein a computer executes algorithms characterizing the model to estimate the power output of the photovoltaic system, to estimate the power output of the photovoltaic system, and/or to compare the actual power output measurement of the photovoltaic system to the estimated power output. 