A method and apparatus for charging a rechargeable battery comprises determining a safe charging voltage V.sub.safe that is the maximum open circuit voltage of the battery which provides a minimum battery capacity for a predetermined number of charge and discharge cycles of the battery. The battery is charged with a voltage V.sub.hv which is higher than the V.sub.safe. The charging voltage is removed and open circuit voltage of the battery is measured. The charging and measuring steps are repeated when the open circuit voltage is less than V.sub.safe, and the charging process is terminated when the open circuit voltage is substantially equal to V.sub.safe.
Claims 1. A method of charging a battery comprising an electrolyte between an anode and cathode, the method comprising: (a) determining a safe charging voltage V.sub.safe that is the maximum open circuit voltage of the battery which provides a minimum battery capacity for a predetermined number of charge and discharge cycles of the battery; (b) charging the battery with a charging voltage V.sub.hv which is higher than the V.sub.safe; (c) removing the charging voltage V.sub.hv and measuring the open circuit voltage OCV of the battery; and (d) repeating steps (b) and (c) when the open circuit voltage is less than V.sub.safe or terminating charging when the open circuit voltage is substantially equal to V.sub.safe. 2. A method according to claim 1 comprising providing a battery that includes a cathode comprising LiCoO.sub.2, and determining a safe charging voltage V.sub.safe that is from about 4.1 to about 4.2 volts. 3. A method according to claim 1 comprising providing a battery that includes a cathode comprising LiCoO.sub.2, and determining a safe charging voltage V.sub.safe that is about 4.2 volts to provide a minimum battery 5-hour rate discharge capacity of at least about 70% of the initial capacity after at least about 1000 charge and 80%-depth discharge cycles of the battery. 4. A method according to claim 1 comprising providing a battery that includes a cathode comprising LiCoO.sub.2, and determining a safe charging voltage V.sub.safe that is about 4.1 volts to provide a minimum battery 5-hour rate discharge capacity of at least about 70% of the initial capacity after at least about 3000 charge and 80%-depth discharge cycles of the battery. 5. A method according to claim 1 wherein the battery comprises an anode current collector and a cathode current collector, and wherein (b) comprises connecting a positive polarity of a direct current (DC) power source to the cathode current collector of the battery and connecting a negative polarity of a DC power source to the anode current collector of a rechargeable battery. 6. A method according to claim 1 comprising charging the battery with a voltage V.sub.hv which is higher than the V.sub.safe by at least about 0.2 volts. 7. A method according to claim 1 comprising charging the battery with a voltage V.sub.hv which is higher than the V.sub.safe by at least about 0.4 volts. 8. A method according to claim 1 comprising charging the battery with an initial charging voltage V.sub.hv of from about 4.4 to about 5 volts. 9. A method according to claim 1 comprising charging the battery with an initial charging voltage V.sub.hv of about 4.8 volts. 10. A method according to claim 1 wherein (b) comprises charging the battery with a voltage V.sub.hv for from about 5 to about 50 seconds. 11. A method according to claim 1 wherein (c) comprises waiting for a time period that is at least about 10% of the time period used to charge the battery before measuring the open circuit voltage of the battery. 12. A method according to claim 1 wherein (c) comprises waiting for a time period of from about 1 to about 5 seconds after removing the charging voltage, before measuring the open circuit voltage of the battery. 13. A method of charging a rechargeable battery comprising an electrolyte between an anode and cathode, the method comprising: (a) determining a safe charging voltage V.sub.safe that is the maximum open circuit voltage of the battery which provides a minimum battery capacity for a predetermined number of charge and discharge cycles of the battery; (b) charging the battery with a voltage V.sub.hv which is higher than the V.sub.safe; (c) removing the charging voltage and measuring the open circuit voltage of the battery; and (d) performing one of the following: (i) when the open circuit voltage is less than V.sub.safe, repeating steps (b) through (d); (ii) when the open circuit voltage is substantially equal to V.sub.safe, reducing the charging voltage by from about 0.1 to 0.3 volts, and then, repeating steps (b) through (d); or (iii) ending the charging process when the charging voltage equals V.sub.safe. 14. A method of charging a rechargeable battery comprising an electrolyte between an anode and cathode, the method comprising: (a) determining a safe charging voltage V.sub.safe that is the maximum open circuit voltage of the battery which provides a minimum battery capacity for a predetermined number of charge and discharge cycles of the battery; (b) determining an internal resistance R.sub.in of the battery; (c) charging the battery with a voltage V.sub.hv which is higher than V.sub.safe; (d) monitoring the charging current I.sub.crg of the battery; and (e) performing one of: (i) when V.sub.hv-I.sub.crg. X R.sub.in=V.sub.safe, reducing the charging voltage by about 0.1 to about 0.3 volts, and repeating (c) through (e); or (ii) when the charging voltage is equal to or less than V.sub.safe, ending the charging process. 15. A battery charging apparatus for charging a battery comprising an electrolyte between an anode and cathode, the apparatus comprising: (a) a voltage charger that provides a direct current voltage suitable for charging a battery; (b) a voltmeter to measure the open circuit voltage of the battery and generate an open circuit voltage signal; (c) an ammeter to measure a current of the circuit and generate a current signal; and (d) a controller to regulate the voltage charger in response to a voltage signal from the voltmeter, a current signal from the ammeter, and a determination of the internal resistance of the battery, the controller comprising computer-readable code to: (1) determine a safe charging voltage V.sub.safe that is the maximum open circuit voltage of the battery which provides a minimum battery capacity for a predetermined number of charge and discharge cycles of the battery; (2) operate the voltage charger to charge the battery with a voltage V.sub.hv which is higher than the V.sub.safe; (3) disconnect the voltage charger and use the voltmeter to measure the open circuit voltage of the battery; and (4) repeat (2) and (3) when the open circuit voltage is less than V.sub.safe, and terminate the charging process when the open circuit voltage is substantially equal to V.sub.safe. 16. An apparatus according to claim 15 comprising a resistance meter to generate a battery resistance signal representative of the internal resistance of the battery, and wherein the controller receives the battery resistance signal. 17. An apparatus according to claim 15 wherein the controller determines the internal resistance of the battery from a voltage signal from the voltmeter and a current signal from the ammeter. 18. An apparatus according to claim 15 wherein the voltage charger comprises one of (i) an external AC source connected to a rectifier, (ii) a DC voltage source, or (iii) a photovoltaic cell. 19. A battery charging apparatus for charging a battery comprising an electrolyte between an anode and cathode, the apparatus comprising: (a) a voltage charger that provides a direct current voltage suitable for charging a battery; (b) a voltmeter to measure the open circuit voltage of the battery and generate an open circuit voltage signal; (c) an ammeter to measure a current of the battery and generate a current signal; and (d) a controller to regulate the voltage charger in response to a voltage signal from the voltmeter, a current signal from the ammeter, and a determination of the internal resistance of the battery, the controller comprising computer-readable code to: (1) determining a safe charging voltage V.sub.safe that is the maximum open circuit voltage of the battery which provides a minimum battery capacity for a predetermined number of charge and discharge cycles of the battery; (2) operate the voltage charger to charge the battery with a voltage V.sub.hv which is higher than the V.sub.safe; (3) remove the charging voltage and measure the open circuit voltage of the battery; and (4) perform one of the following: (i) when the open circuit voltage is less than V.sub.safe, repeat steps (2) through (4); (ii) when the open circuit voltage is substantially equal to V.sub.safe, reducing the charging voltage by from about 0.1 to 0.3 volts, and then, repeating (2) through (4); or (iii) ending the charging process when the charging voltage equals V.sub.safe. 20. A battery charging apparatus for charging a battery comprising a cathode, the apparatus comprising (a) a voltage charger that provides a direct current voltage suitable for charging a battery; (b) a voltmeter to measure the open circuit voltage of the battery and generate an open circuit voltage signal; (c) an ammeter to measure a current of the circuit and generate a current signal; and (d) a controller to regulate the voltage charger in response to a voltage signal from the voltmeter, a current signal from the ammeter, and a determination of the internal resistance of the battery, the controller comprising computer-readable code to: (1) determining a safe charging voltage V.sub.safe that is the maximum open circuit voltage of the battery which provides a minimum battery capacity for a predetermined number of charge and discharge cycles of the battery; (2) determine an internal resistance R.sub.in of the battery; (3) operate the voltage charger to charge the battery with a voltage V.sub.hv which is higher than V.sub.safe; (4) monitor the charging current I.sub.crg of the battery; and (5) performing one of: (i) when V.sub.hv-I.sub.crg. X R.sub.in=V.sub.safe, reducing the charging voltage by about 0.1 to about 0.3 volts, and repeating (3) through (5); or (ii) when the charging voltage is equal to or less than V.sub.safe, ending the charging process. 