A battery system is described. In one embodiment, the battery system uses a battery override. In another embodiment, the battery system has an integrated power management system having a charge controller and an inverter integrated into a single device.
Claims 1. A method, implemented by a processing device programmed to perform operations, comprising: monitoring a state of charge (SOC) of a battery system comprising battery storage to provide power to an electronic device; determining if the SOC meets or exceeds an initial depth of draw (DOD) threshold; when the SOC meets or exceeds the initial DOD threshold, determining if an override control has been received from a user; and when the override control has been received, setting a new DOD threshold that is lower than the initial DOD threshold to allow the battery storage to continue to provide power to the electronic device. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising preventing the battery storage from providing power to the electronic device when the override control has not been received and the SOC meets or exceeds the initial DOD threshold. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein said monitoring comprises: calculating an amount of charge remaining in the battery storage based on the initial DOD threshold; and comparing the amount of charge remaining against the initial DOD threshold. 4. The method of claim 3, further comprising displaying the amount of charge remaining in the battery storage to the user. 5. The method of claim 4, further comprising monitoring the SOC of the battery system based on the new DOD threshold when the override control has been received from the user. 6. The method of claim 5, wherein said monitoring comprises: calculating a new amount of charge remaining in the battery system based on the new DOD threshold; and comparing the new amount of charge remaining against the initial DOD threshold. 7. The method of claim 6, further comprising displaying the new amount of charge remaining in the battery storage to the user. 8. The method of claim 5, further comprising: determining that the SOC meets or exceeds the new DOD threshold; and when the SOC meets or exceeds the new DOD threshold, preventing the battery storage from providing power to the electronic device. 9. The method of claim 5, further comprising: determining that the SOC meets or exceeds the new DOD threshold; when the SOC meets or exceeds the new DOD threshold, determining if a second override control has been received from the user; and when the second override control has been received, setting a third DOD threshold that is lower than the new DOD threshold to allow the battery storage to continue providing power to the electronic device. 10. The method of claim 9, further comprising monitoring the SOC of the battery system based on the third DOD threshold when the second override control has been received from the user. 11. A battery system, comprising: a battery storage to provide power to an electronic device; and a charge controller coupled to the battery storage, wherein the charge controller is configured to monitor a state of charge (SOC) of the battery storage, and determine if the SOC meets or exceeds an initial depth of draw (DOD) threshold, when the charge controller determines that the SOC meets or exceeds the initial DOD threshold, the charge controller is configured to determine if an override control has been received from a user, and when the override control has been received, the charge controller is further configured to set a new DOD threshold that is lower than the initial DOD threshold to allow the battery storage to continue providing power to the electronic device. 12. The battery system of claim 11, further comprising: a direct current (DC) to alternating current (AC) inverter coupled to the charge controller, wherein the DC to AC inverter is configured to convert the DC power supplied by the battery storage to AC power that is supplied to the electronic device; and a display coupled to the charge controller, wherein the charge controller is configured to display an amount of charge remaining in the battery storage and a new amount of charge remaining in the battery storage when in override. 13. The battery system of claim 11, further comprising an override control coupled to the charge controller, wherein the override control sends an override control signal to initiate an override mode of the charge controller when activated by the user. 14. The battery system of claim 11, wherein the battery system is coupled to a power source configured to charge the battery storage of the battery system. 15. The battery system of claim 11, wherein the battery system is coupled to a photovoltaic solar panel, wherein the photovoltaic solar panel is configured to charge the battery storage of the battery system. 16. The battery system of claim 11, further comprising an inverter configured to convert direct current (DC) power supplied by the battery storage to alternating current (AC) power that is supplied to the electronic device, and wherein the charge controller and the inverter are integrated into a single device. 17. A computer-readable storage medium storing instruction thereon when executed by a processing device cause the processing device to perform a method, comprising: monitoring a state of charge (SOC) of a battery system comprising battery storage to provide power to an electronic device; determining if the SOC meets or exceeds an initial depth of draw (DOD) threshold; when the SOC meets or exceeds the initial DOD threshold, determining if an override control has been received from a user; and when the override control has been received, setting a new DOD threshold that is lower than the initial DOD threshold to allow the battery storage to continue to provide power to the electronic device. 18. The computer-readable storage medium of claim 17, wherein the method further comprises preventing the battery storage from providing power to the electronic device when the override control has not been received and the SOC meets or exceeds the initial DOD threshold. 19. The computer-readable storage medium of claim 17, wherein said monitoring comprises: calculating an amount of charge remaining in the battery storage based on the initial DOD threshold; and comparing the amount of charge remaining against the initial DOD threshold. 20. The computer-readable storage medium of claim 19, further comprising displaying the amount of charge remaining in the battery storage to the user. 21. The computer-readable storage medium of claim 20, further comprising: calculating a new amount of charge remaining in the battery system based on the new DOD threshold; comparing the new amount of charge remaining against the initial DOD threshold; and displaying the new amount of charge remaining in the battery storage to the user. 22. A battery system, comprising: a battery storage comprising one or more deep-cycle battery cells configured to store power for providing electricity to an electronic device to be coupled to the battery system; and an integrated power management system coupled to the battery storage and to be coupled to a power source, wherein the integrated power management system comprises: a processing device configured to execute one or more instructions to dynamically control charging and discharging of the battery storage by the power source; and an inverter to convert direct current (DC) power received from the battery storage into alternating current (AC) power to provided to the electronic device when coupled to the battery system, wherein the inverter is integrated with the processing device into the integrated power management system as a single device. 23. The battery system of claim 22, wherein the processing device is further configured to execute one or more instructions to provide a battery override to extend a battery capacity of the battery storage when providing electricity to the electronic device and when activated by a user. 24. The battery system of claim 22, further comprising the power source, wherein the power source is at least one of a solar panel, a wall outlet, or a vehicle outlet. 