Circuitry and methodology for tracking the maximum power point (MPP) of a solar panel is disclosed. The voltage and current generated by the solar panel are monitored and used to generate a pulse signal for charging a capacitor. The changes in the voltage and current generated by the solar panel are also monitored, and that information is used to generate a pulse signal for discharging the capacitor. The charging and the discharging pulse signals are used to charge and discharge the capacitor. A reference signal indicative of the charge level of the capacitor is generated. As the current and voltage generated by the solar panel approach the maximum power point (MPP), the frequency of the discharging pulse signal becomes progressively higher, so that the capacitor charging occurs in progressively smaller increments. When the MPP is reached, the reference signal level becomes steady because the charge level of the capacitor becomes steady.
Claims 1. A circuit for tracking a maximum power point (MPP) for a solar panel, comprising: first and second pulse generation components coupled to a capacitor; wherein, the first pulse generation component for generating a pulse signal for charging the capacitor based on the voltage and current generated by the solar panel; the second pulse generation component for generating a pulse signal for discharging the capacitor based on the change in voltage and current generated by the solar panel; and the capacitor for generating a signal indicative of the MPP for the solar panel. 2. The circuit of claim 1, wherein the first and second pulse generation components are implemented in hardware. 3. The circuit of claim 1, wherein the first and second pulse generation components are implemented using analog devices. 4. The circuit of claim 1, further comprising: an input component is coupled to the solar panel; and the input component includes first and second sample-and-hold components and first and second comparators; wherein, the first sample-and-hold component and the first comparator for generating a signal indicative of the change in voltage generated by the solar panel; and the second sample-and-hold component and the second comparator for generating a signal indicative of the change in current generated by the solar panel. 5. The circuit of claim 4, wherein the sample-and-hold component includes a capacitor. 6. The circuit of claim 1, wherein, the first pulse generation component includes a first voltage ramp signal generation circuit and a third comparator; wherein, the first ramp voltage generation circuit for generating a first voltage ramp signal having a peak value determined by the voltage generated by the solar panel; and the third comparator for generating the pulse signal for charging the capacitor based on the first voltage ramp signal and the current generated by the solar panel. 7. The circuit of claim 1, wherein, the second pulse generation component includes a second voltage ramp signal generation circuit and a fourth comparator; wherein, the second ramp voltage generation circuit for generating a second voltage ramp signal having a peak value determined by the change in voltage generated by the solar panel; and the fourth comparator for generating the pulse signal for discharging the capacitor based on the second voltage ramp signal and the change in current generated by the solar panel. 8. The circuit of claim 1, further comprising: an output component including first and second current sources, first and second switches and the capacitor; wherein, the pulse signal generated by the first pulse generation component for turning on the first switch; the first current source for charging the capacitor when the first switch is turned on; the pulse signal generated by the second pulse generation component for turning on the second switch; and the second current source for discharging the capacitor when the second switch is turned on; and the output component for generating the signal indicative of the MPP for the solar panel if the charge level of the capacitor is steady. 9. The circuit of claim 8, wherein, the first switch is turned on if the pulse signal generated by the first pulse generation component is in the high state; the second switch is turned on if the pulse signal generated by the second pulse signal generation component is in the high state. 10. The circuit of claim 8, wherein the capacitor can be simultaneously charged and discharged. 11. The circuit of claim 1, wherein, the circuit is implemented in a DC-DC converter; the DC-DC converter is coupled to a DC-AC inverter; and the DC-AC inverter is coupled to a load, wherein, the signal generated by the capacitor is used to perform impedance matching for the load. 12. The circuit of claim 1, wherein the incremental amount by which the charge level of the capacitor changes decreases as the voltage and current generated by the solar panel approach the MPP for the solar panel. 13. The circuit of claim 1, wherein the solar panel can include one or more photovoltaic (PV) cells. 14. A method for determining and maintaining a maximum power point (MPP) for a solar panel, comprising: monitoring the voltage and current generated by the solar panel; generating a first pulse signal based on the voltage and current generated by the solar panel; generating a second pulse signal based on the change in the voltage and current generated by the solar panel; charging the capacitor by using the first pulse signal; discharging the capacitor by using the second pulse signal; and generating a reference signal indicative of the charge level of the capacitor. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein the reference signal is indicative of the MPP if the reference signal provides a steady signal level. 16. The method of claim 14, wherein the incremental amounts by which the voltage and current generated by the solar panel change decrease as the reference signal approaches the MPP for the solar panel. 17. The method of claim 14, wherein using the reference signal to perform impedance matching. 18. The method of claim 14, wherein simultaneously charging and discharging the capacitor. 19. A solar power generation system comprising: a solar panel including one or more solar cells coupled to a circuit for tracking a maximum power point (MPP) for a solar panel; the circuit coupled to a DC-DC converter; the DC-DC converter coupled to a DC-AC converter; and the DC-AC converter coupled to a power grid; wherein, the circuit comprising: an input component for processing a first signal indicative of a voltage generated by the solar panel and a second signal indicative of a current generated by the solar panel; the input component coupled to first and second pulse generation components; the input component for generating a third signal indicative of a change in the first signal level and a fourth signal indicative of a change in the second signal level; the input component for providing the third and fourth signals to the second pulse generation component; the first pulse generation component for generating a fifth signal by using the first and second signals; the second pulse generation component for generating a sixth signal by using the third and fourth signals; an output component coupled to the first and second pulse generation components; the first and second pulse generation components for providing the fifth and sixth signals to the output component; the output component including a capacitor; and the output component for generating a seventh signal indicative of the charge level of the capacitor; wherein, the fifth and sixth signals including pulse signals; the fifth signal for charging the capacitor; and the sixth signal for discharging the capacitor. 20. The solar power generation system of claim 19, wherein the seventh signal is indicative of the MPP for the solar panel if the charge level of the capacitor is steady. 