A photovoltaic system may include a DC to AC inverter, a voltage sensor configured to measure an input voltage from a photovoltaic array, and a controller configured to calculate a voltage differential.
Claims 1. A DC to AC inverter module comprising: a DC to AC inverter configured to convert DC power to AC power; a voltage sensor configured to measure an input voltage from a photovoltaic array, and to communicate the measured input voltage; and a controller in data communication with the voltage sensor, and in data communication with the DC to AC inverter, wherein the controller is configured to compare a first input voltage received from the voltage sensor with a second input voltage received from the voltage sensor, to calculate a voltage differential. 2. The DC to AC inverter module of claim 1, wherein the controller is configured to calculate a derivative of a photovoltaic array voltage at an end of a powering on sequence for the DC to AC inverter. 3. The DC to AC inverter module of claim 1, wherein the controller is configured to output an ON signal to the DC to AC inverter if a maximum available power output is higher than or equal to a minimum operating power setting of the DC to AC inverter, wherein upon receiving the ON signal from the controller, the DC to AC inverter initiates a sequence of converting DC power received from a photovoltaic array to AC power. 4. The DC to AC inverter module of claim 1, wherein the controller is configured to output an ON signal to the DC to AC inverter, wherein upon receiving the ON signal from the controller, the DC to AC inverter initiates a rapid powering on sequence. 5. The DC to AC inverter module of claim 1, wherein the DC to AC inverter is connected to a power grid, and wherein the DC to AC inverter is configured to process power received from a power grid. 6. The DC to AC inverter module of claim 5, wherein the controller is configured to communicate a SWITCH signal to the DC to AC inverter, wherein upon receiving the SWITCH signal from the controller, the DC to AC inverter switches from processing power received from a photovoltaic array to processing power received from a power grid. 7. A photovoltaic system comprising: a photovoltaic array comprising a plurality of photovoltaic modules; a DC to AC inverter in communication with the photovoltaic array, wherein the DC to AC inverter is configured to convert DC power to AC power; a voltage sensor configured to measure an input voltage from the photovoltaic array; and a controller in data communication with the voltage sensor, and in data communication with the DC to AC inverter, wherein the controller is configured to compare a first input voltage received from the voltage sensor with a second input voltage received from the voltage sensor, to calculate a voltage differential. 8. The photovoltaic system of claim 7, wherein the controller is configured to calculate a derivative of a photovoltaic array voltage at an end of a powering on sequence for the DC to AC inverter. 9. The photovoltaic system of claim 7, wherein the controller is configured to output an ON signal to the DC to AC inverter if a maximum available power output is higher than or equal to a minimum operating power setting of the DC to AC inverter, wherein upon receiving the ON signal from the controller, the DC to AC inverter initiates a sequence of converting DC power received from a photovoltaic array to AC power. 10. The photovoltaic system of claim 7, wherein the controller is configured to output an ON signal to the DC to AC inverter, wherein upon receiving the ON signal from the controller, the DC to AC inverter initiates a rapid powering on sequence. 11. The photovoltaic system of claim 7, wherein the DC to AC inverter is connected to a power grid, and wherein the DC to AC inverter is configured to process power received from a power grid. 12. The photovoltaic system of claim 11, wherein the controller is configured to communicate a SWITCH signal to the DC to AC inverter, wherein upon receiving the SWITCH signal from the controller, the DC to AC inverter switches from processing power received from a photovoltaic array to processing power received from a power grid. 13. The photovoltaic system of claim 7, further comprising a remote computing platform, wherein the remote computing platform comprises the controller. 14. A method of powering on a photovoltaic inverter, the method comprising: initiating a powering on sequence for a DC to AC inverter, wherein the DC to AC inverter is connected to a photovoltaic array; and comparing a first input voltage received from a voltage sensor connected to the photovoltaic array, with a second voltage received from the voltage sensor connected to the photovoltaic array, to calculate a voltage differential. 15. The method of claim 14, further comprising calculating a voltage derivative of the photovoltaic array at an end of a powering on sequence for the DC to AC inverter. 16. The method of claim 14, further comprising powering on the DC to AC inverter if a maximum available power output is higher than or equal to a minimum operating power setting of the DC to AC inverter. 17. The method of claim 14, further comprising initiating a rapid powering on sequence for the DC to AC inverter. 18. The method of claim 14, further comprising processing power received from a power grid via the DC to AC inverter. 19. The method of claim 18, further comprising switching the DC to AC inverter from processing power received from the photovoltaic array to processing power received from the power grid. 20. The method of claim 19, further comprising switching the DC to AC inverter from processing power received from the power grid to processing power received from the photovoltaic array. 