The weather shield provides a collapsible canopy for use with mobility enhancing devices such as walkers and wheelchairs. The weather shield includes a plurality of support rods movable between collapsed and extended configurations. Transparent side, front, and rear panels extend downwardly from a canopy top. The weather shield is removably attachable to mobility devices with respective mounting members.
Claims 1. A weather shield for use with a mobility device having spaced apart frame structures, said weather shield comprising: a left base member operatively coupled to the mobility device; a right base member operatively coupled to the mobility device; a plurality of support rods coupled to said left and right base members, each support rod having a first end pivotally connected to said left or right base member, respectively, such that said support rod is selectively movable between forward and rearward configurations; wherein each support rod includes a second end opposed from said support rod first end so as to define a plurality of left side support rod second ends and a plurality of right side support rod second ends; a canopy top attached to said second ends of said plurality of support rods, respectively, and spanning substantially between said left side support rod second ends and said right said support rod second ends; a front shielding portion attached to a front edge of said canopy top and extending downwardly therefrom, said front shielding portion having a generally transparent construction; wherein: said canopy top includes a generally opaque construction configured to inhibit transmission of solar energy therethrough; and said canopy top and said front shielding portion are constructed of a moisture resistant material. 2. The weather shield as in claim 1, wherein: said front shielding portion includes a pair of opposed side panels; each side panel is attached to opposed side edges of said canopy top and extending downwardly therefrom; and said side panels are constructed of a generally transparent and moisture resistant material. 3. The weather shield as in claim 1, further comprising a pair of mounting members removably coupled to the spaced apart frame structures of the mobility device, said left and right base members being attached to respective mounting members such that said canopy top is removed from the mobility device when said pair of mounting members are removed from the mobility device frame structures. 4. The weather shield as in claim 1, wherein a quantity of said plurality of support rods coupled to said left base member is equal to a quantity of said plurality of support rods coupled to said right base member. 5. The weather shield as in claim 1, wherein said front shielding portion includes a downwardly extending length that is less than a length of said plurality of support rods such that said front shielding portion does not contact the mobility device. 6. The weather shield as in claim 5, further comprising a rear shielding portion attached to a rear edge of said canopy top and extending downwardly therefrom, said front shielding portion having a generally transparent construction. 7. The weather shield as in claim 6, wherein said rear shielding portion includes a downwardly extending length that is greater than said length of said plurality of support rods, such that said rear shielding portion shields a rear portion of the mobility device. 8. The weather shield as in claim 7, wherein said rear shielding portion is constructed of a moisture resistant material. 9. The weather shield as in claim 1, wherein: said plurality of support rods are selectively movable to one of said forward or rearward configurations at the same time such that said plurality of support rods are at a collapsed configuration for storage; and said canopy top is constructed of a flexible material that collapses when said plurality of support rods are at said collapsed configuration. 10. The weather shield as in claim 3, wherein each of said pair of mounting members includes a clamp having front and back members configured to adjustably sandwich a respective mobility device support structure therebetween. 11. The weather shield as in claim 10, wherein said each of said pair of mounting members includes an auxiliary clamp separated from said clamp and configured to displace said plurality of support rods above the mobility device. 