A photovoltaic power system can include a switched grounding system.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic power system comprising: a photovoltaic array comprising a plurality of electrically connected photovoltaic modules and a positive array terminal and negative array terminal to conduct the current produced by the photovoltaic array; a DC to AC inverter; a positive conductor electrically connecting a positive inverter terminal of the DC to AC inverter to the positive array terminal and a negative conductor electrically connecting a negative inverter terminal of the DC to AC inverter to the negative array terminal; and a positive-conductor ground electrically connected by a switch to the positive conductor and a negative-conductor ground electrically connected by a switch to the negative conductor. 2. The photovoltaic power system of claim 1, wherein the positive conductor comprises a positive combiner terminal located in a combiner box between the photovoltaic array and the inverter and the negative conductor comprises a negative combiner terminal located in the combiner box. 3. The photovoltaic power system of claim 2, wherein the positive-conductor ground and negative-conductor ground are located between the photovoltaic array and the combiner box. 4. The photovoltaic power system of claim 3, further comprising a second positive conductor ground connected to the positive conductor and a second negative-conductor ground connected to the negative conductor, at the combiner box. 5. The photovoltaic power system of claim 4, further comprising a third positive conductor ground connected to the positive conductor and a third negative-conductor ground connected to the negative conductor, at the inverter. 6. The photovoltaic power system of claim 2, wherein the connection between the positive-conductor ground and the positive conductor and the negative-conductor ground and the negative conductor is located at the combiner. 7. The photovoltaic power system of claim 1, wherein the connection between the positive-conductor ground and the positive conductor and the negative-conductor ground and the negative conductor is located at the inverter. 8. The photovoltaic power system of claim 1, wherein the switch connecting the positive-conductor ground to the positive conductor is the same switch connecting the negative-conductor ground to the negative conductor. 9. The photovoltaic power system of claim 1, wherein the switch comprises an electromechanical device. 10. The photovoltaic power system of claim 1, wherein the switch comprises a semiconductor device. 11. The photovoltaic power system of claim 1, wherein the switch comprises a manually activated switch. 12. The photovoltaic power system of claim 1, wherein the switch comprises a remotely activated switch. 13. The photovoltaic power system of claim 1, wherein the switch comprises an automatically activated switch. 14. A method of manufacturing a photovoltaic power system comprising: electrically connecting a photovoltaic array comprising a plurality of photovoltaic modules to a DC to AC inverter to conduct the current produced by the photovoltaic array, comprising electrically connecting a positive array terminal of the photovoltaic array to a positive inverter terminal of the DC to AC inverter with a positive conductor and a negative array terminal of the photovoltaic array to a negative inverter terminal of the DC to AC inverter with a negative conductor; and electrically connecting a positive-conductor ground to the positive conductor; and electrically connecting a negative-conductor ground to the negative conductor. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein the step of electrically connecting a positive-conductor ground to the positive conductor comprises connecting a switch between the positive conductor and the positive-conductor ground, and wherein the step of electrically connecting a negative-conductor ground to the negative conductor comprises connecting a switch between the negative conductor and the negative-conductor ground. 16. The method of claim 14, wherein the step of electrically connecting a positive array terminal to a positive inverter terminal with a positive conductor comprises connecting the positive conductor from the positive array terminal to a positive combiner terminal in a combiner box and from the positive combiner terminal to the positive inverter terminal and the step of electrically connecting a negative array terminal to a negative inverter terminal with a negative conductor comprises connecting the negative conductor from the negative array terminal to a negative combiner terminal in the combiner box and from the negative combiner terminal to the negative inverter terminal. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein the positive-conductor ground is connected to the positive conductor and the negative-conductor ground is connected to the negative conductor, at the combiner. 18. The method of claim 16, wherein the positive-conductor ground is connected to the positive conductor and the negative-conductor ground is connected to the negative conductor, at the inverter. 