A method and an apparatus for carrying out the method are proposed for identifying defective photovoltaic modules. Two clamp-on ammeters are provided which are connected to a test data acquisition unit for simultaneous measurement of two DC currents. The position of the clamp-on ammeters at the time of the measurement is determined with a position registration means, and measured data and position data are transmitted via an antenna to a data processing center or recorded in a data memory element for further processing.
Claims 1. A measurement method for simultaneous measurement of currents of at least two photovoltaic (PV) units, comprising the steps of: measuring a first current value of a first of the at least two PV units with a first clamp-on ammeter and measuring a second current value of a second of the at least two PV units with a second clamp-on ammeter, transmitting the first current value and the second current value to a test data acquisition unit, and determining in an evaluation unit a performance of the first PV unit and the second PV unit from the first current value and the second current value transmitted to the test data acquisition unit. 2. The measurement method of claim 1, wherein with identically constructed PV units operating at an identical operating voltage, the PV unit having a smaller current is identified as the PV unit having less power output. 3. The measurement method of claim 1, wherein with identically constructed PV units operating at the different operating voltages, the PV unit having a smaller product of measured current and measured operating voltage of the PV unit associated with the respective current value is identified as the PV unit having less power output. 4. The measurement method of claim 1, wherein with differently constructed PV units operating at an identical operating voltage, the PV unit having a smaller current is identified as the PV unit having less power output. 5. The measurement method of claim 1, wherein with differently constructed PV units operating at different operating voltages, the PV unit having a smaller product of measured current and measured operating voltage of the PV unit associated with the respective current value is identified as the PV unit having less power output. 6. The measurement method of claim 2, wherein the first and second PV units are set to an identical operating voltage during the simultaneous measurement or are connected to a single inverter. 7. The measurement method of claim 4, wherein the first and second PV units are set to an identical operating voltage during the simultaneous measurement or are connected to a single inverter. 8. The measurement method of claim 1, comprising the steps of: measuring the first current on a first connecting cable of the first PV unit, simultaneously measuring the second current on a second connecting cable of the second PV unit, forming a ratio of the first measured current to the second measured current, and comparing the ratio with a comparison ratio formed from measured values of first and second currents that were flowing through the respective connecting cables of the first and second PV unit at an earlier time. 9. The measurement method of claim 1, wherein the PV system comprises at least three PV units, the method comprising with the steps of: i. grouping the at least three PV units in pairs and measuring simultaneously a corresponding current value on each of the pairs, until the current value of each of the at least three PV units has been measured at least once; ii. computing a ratio of the corresponding current values measured for each pair; and iii. storing the computed ratios in an electronic memory element. 10. The measurement method of claim 9, wherein the pairs in step i) are formed by grouping adjacent PV units, wherein the pairs of adjacent PV units are selected so that at least partially a contiguous chain of pairs is formed, with each pair representing a link of the chain. 11. The measurement method of claim 9, comprising the steps of: in a step iv) carried out subsequent to step i), measuring an actual current value on one of the at least three PV units, and in a step v), determining with a computing unit a total current of the photovoltaic system or, determining with the computing unit a theoretical total power of the photovoltaic system by taking into consideration corresponding operating voltage values of the at least three PV units or the actual current value and the computed ratios stored in the step iii). 12. The measurement method of claim 9, further comprising the steps of: registering an identification of a test location or a location of the current measurement at each measurement following step i), and storing the identification of the test location or the location of the current measurement together with current values of the pair measured at the test location or the location of the current measurement or a ratio computed from the current values of the pair. 13. The measurement method of claim 10, wherein each of the adjacent PV units of a pair comprises a first and a second connecting cable, and wherein the current value is measured on the first connecting cable of one of the adjacent PV units of the pair and on the second connecting cable of the other of the adjacent PV units of the pair. 14. The measurement method of claim 1, wherein PV unit comprises a strand of several PV modules connected in series. 15. The measurement method of claim 1, wherein a PV unit comprises a field formed from several strands which are connected in parallel. 16. The measurement method of claim 12, further comprising the step of sending the measured current values of each pair together with the identification wirelessly to a data processing site. 17. The measurement method of claim 12, wherein the location of the measurement is recorded with a suitable position registration means using GPS, an RFID chip or a barcode concurrently with the current measurement. 18. The measurement method of claim 8, wherein a plurality of first and second current values are measured consecutively within a short time, wherein the test data acquisition unit outputs an arithmetic mean of the plurality of first and second current values, and wherein the ratio if formed using the arithmetic mean of the first and second current values. 19. The measurement method of claim 6, wherein the operating voltage measured between connecting cables connecting the at least two photovoltaic units to a single inverter is stored together with the measured current value. 20. The measurement method of claim 1, wherein all PV units are connected to a single inverter which is maintained during all current measurements at a constant operating voltage value by setting a MPP (Maximal Power Point) controller of the inverter to the constant operating voltage value. 21. The measurement method of claim 1, wherein some of the PV units are connected to different inverters which are maintained during all current measurements at an identical constant operating voltage value by setting a MPP (Maximal Power Point) controller of all inverters to the identical constant operating voltage value. 22. The measurement method of claim 1, further comprising the steps of placing the first clamp-on ammeter and the second clamp-on ammeter simultaneously around a single connecting cable of one of the at least two PV units and calibrating the two clamp-on ammeters relative to each other. 23. The measurement method of claim 10, further comprising identifying one of the at least three PV units as a reference-PV unit according to standardized test conditions (STC) defined for photovoltaic modules for determining a standard power by way of a current measurement, a voltage measurement, an incident radiation intensity and a direct or indirect temperature measurement on the semiconductor, and computing the standard power (STC) of a PV unit that is part of a link of the chain. 24. A system for simultaneous measurement of current values of at least two photovoltaic (PV) units, comprising: two clamp-on ammeters for simultaneous measurement of the current values of the at least two PV units, a test data acquisition unit connected to the two clamp-on, and an evaluation unit which evaluates the current values received from the test data acquisition unit with respect to absolute value and a computed mutual ratio to each other, or which evaluates a power output by including a voltage between connecting lines of the at least two PV units. 25. The system of claim 24, wherein the system is a mobile system. 26. The mobile system of claim 25, further comprising a position registration means for measuring a position of the two clamp-on ammeters surrounding the connecting lines at a time of the measurement, and at least one of an antenna for transmitting the measured current values and position data and a data memory element for recording the measured current values and the position data. 27. The mobile system of claim 25, further comprising a calibration system for calibrating the two clamp-on ammeters, the calibration system comprising an integrated DC current source, which supplies a calibration current to a line constructed for simultaneously receiving both clamp-on ammeters, wherein the calibration current is supplied via a measurement shunt resistor. 28. The mobile system of claim 26, wherein the position registration means comprise GPS data, a barcode readable with a barcode reader, or an RFID chip readable with a communicating receiver, and wherein data in the position registration means are queried at the time of the measurement. 29. The system of claim 24, comprising: a stationary current and voltage measurement unit which stationarily measures the current value of a single of the at least two PV units, and a computing device receiving from the stationary current and voltage measurement unit the measured current result, said computing device computing a theoretical total power of the PV system from ratios of current value pairs and from the stationarily measured current value as well as from a voltage value determined for the current value pairs and a stationarily determined voltage value. 