A rotational trough reflector solar-electricity generation device includes a trough reflector that rotates around a substantially vertical axis. A strip-type photovoltaic (PV) device is fixedly mounted along the focal line of the trough reflector. A tracking system rotates the trough reflector such that the trough reflector is aligned generally parallel to the incident sunlight (e.g., in a generally east-west direction at sunrise, turning to generally north-south at noon, and turning generally west-east at sunset). A disc-shaped support structure is used to distribute the reflector's weight over a larger area and to minimize the tracking system motor size. Multiple trough reflectors are mounted on the disc-shaped support to maximize power generation.
Claims 1. A method for generating solar-electricity using a first trough reflector, wherein the first trough reflector defines a first focal line, the method comprising: disposing the first trough reflector on a planar support surface such that the first focal line defines an angle relative to the planar support surface; and rotating the first trough reflector around an axis that is substantially perpendicular to the planar support surface, whereby the first focal line remains disposed at said angle relative to said planar surface while said first trough reflector rotates around said axis. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising fixedly mounting a first photovoltaic element to the first trough reflector such that the first photovoltaic element is disposed along the first focal line, whereby rotation of the first trough reflector causes said first photovoltaic element to rotate around the axis while remaining within the plane. 3. The method of claim 1, further comprising: detecting a position of the sun relative to trough reflector, and rotating the trough reflector such that the first focal line is parallel to solar beams generated by the sun that are directed onto the trough reflector. 4. The method of claim 3, wherein said rotating the trough reflector comprises: during a sunrise time period, aligning the focal line in a first generally east-west direction, during a midday time period, aligning the focal line in a generally north-south direction, and during a sunset time period, aligning the focal line in a second generally east-west direction. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein disposing the first trough reflector on the planar support surface comprises disposing the first trough reflector on a roof of a residential house. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein disposing the first trough reflector on the planar support surface comprises disposing the first trough reflector on a circular base structure mounted on the planar support surface, wherein the circular base structure includes a peripheral edge defining a diameter that is greater than or equal to a longitudinal length of said first trough reflector, and wherein rotating the first trough reflector comprises applying a force to the peripheral edge of the circular base structure such that the circular base structure rotates relative to the planar support surface around said axis. 7. The method of claim 6, further comprising fixedly connecting one or more second trough reflectors to said circular base structure, each of said one or more second trough reflectors including an associated focal line, wherein the associated focal lines of the one or more second trough reflectors are parallel to the focal line of the first trough reflector. 8. The method of claim 1, further comprising fixedly connecting one or more second trough reflectors to said first trough reflector, each of said one or more second trough reflectors including an associated focal line, wherein the associated focal lines of the one or more second trough reflectors are parallel to the focal line of the first trough reflector such that rotating the first trough reflector around the axis causes said associated focal lines to remain disposed within the plane. 9. A method for generating solar-electricity using a trough reflector, wherein the trough reflector defines a focal line, the method comprising: mounting the trough reflector onto a planar support surface such that the focal line defines a predetermined angle relative to the support surface, and rotating the trough reflector around an axis that is substantially perpendicular to the support surface such that: during a sunrise time period, the focal line is aligned in a first generally east-west direction, during a midday time period, the focal line is aligned in a generally north-south direction, and during a sunset time period, the is aligned in a second generally east-west direction. 10. The method of claim 9, wherein mounting the trough reflector comprises mounting the trough reflector on a rooftop surface of a residential house. 11. The method of claim 9, further comprising: detecting a position of the sun relative to trough reflector, and rotating the trough reflector such that the focal line is parallel to solar beams generated by the sun that are directed onto the trough reflector. 12. The method of claim 9, further comprising fixedly mounting a first photovoltaic element to the trough reflector such that the first photovoltaic element is disposed along the focal line, whereby rotation of the trough reflector causes said first photovoltaic element to rotate around the axis while remaining within the plane. 13. The method of claim 9, wherein disposing the trough reflector on the planar support surface comprises disposing the trough reflector on a circular base structure mounted on the planar support surface, wherein the circular base structure includes a peripheral edge defining a diameter that is greater than or equal to a longitudinal length of said trough reflector, and wherein rotating the trough reflector comprises applying a force to the peripheral edge of the circular base structure such that the circular base structure rotates relative to the planar support surface around said axis. 14. The method of claim 13, further comprising fixedly connecting one or more second trough reflectors to said circular base structure, each of said one or more second trough reflectors including an associated focal line, wherein the associated focal lines of the one or more second trough reflectors are parallel to the focal line of the trough reflector. 15. The method of claim 9, further comprising fixedly connecting one or more second trough reflectors to said trough reflector, each of said one or more second trough reflectors including an associated focal line, wherein the associated focal lines of the one or more second trough reflectors are parallel to the focal line of the trough reflector such that rotating the first trough reflector around the axis causes said associated focal lines to remain disposed within the plane. 16. A method for generating solar-electricity using one or more trough reflectors, wherein each of the one or more trough reflectors defines an associated focal line, and wherein the associated focal lines of all of the one or more trough reflectors are parallel, the method comprising: disposing the one or more trough reflectors on a planar support surface; detecting a position of the sun relative to the one or more trough reflectors, and rotating the one or more trough reflectors such that solar beams generated by the sun are directed onto the first trough reflector in a direction parallel to the associated focal lines. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein rotating the one or more trough reflectors comprises rotating the one or more trough reflectors around an axis that is substantially perpendicular to the planar support surface, whereby the associated focal lines remain disposed at said angle relative to said planar surface while said one or more trough reflectors rotate around said axis. 