The present invention is a male recessed inlet for use with either an alternative power source or standard electricity via an extension cord that comprises the male recessed inlet, wiring, and a separate standard wall outlet. The male recessed inlet is wired to the standard wall outlet and is located in places where such an inlet is desirable.
Claims 1. A male recessed inlet system comprising: (a) a male recessed inlet; wherein the male recessed outlet features a single male plug that is recessed; wherein the male recessed inlet includes a single set of connection points; (b) a standard wall outlet; wherein the standard wall outlet is connected via wiring to the set of connection points of the male recessed inlet; wherein the standard wall outlet is mounted to a wall; wherein an extension cord plugs the standard wall outlet to an electrical supply; and wherein the male recessed inlet supplies electricity supplied from the standard wall outlet. 2. The male recessed inlet system as described in claim 1 wherein the electrical supply comprises a standard electrical supply via a standard wall outlet, electricity supplied via an auxiliary generator, or electricity supplied from a battery bank with inverter powered by an alternative energy source further comprising solar, wind, or geothermal powering means. 3. The male recessed inlet system as described in claim 2 wherein the auxiliary generator is powered by a hydrocarbon comprising gasoline, diesel fuel, propane, butane, ethanol, or methane. 4. The male recessed inlet system as described in claim 1 wherein the male recessed inlet has mounting holes for mounting to a surface or a standard electrical outlet box. 5. The male recessed inlet system as described in claim 1 wherein a cover is included and which secures the male recessed inlet to a surface via the mounting holes. 6. A male recessed inlet system comprising: (a) a male recessed inlet; wherein the male recessed outlet features a single male plug that is recessed; wherein the male recessed inlet includes a plurality of connection points; (b) a plurality of standard wall outlets; wherein the standard wall outlets are each connected via wiring to the one of the sets of connection points of the male recessed inlet; wherein the standard wall outlets are mounted to a wall; wherein an extension cord plugs an electrical supply into one of the standard wall outlets; and wherein the male recessed inlet supplies electricity supplied from one of the standard wall outlets. 7. The male recessed inlet system as described in claim 6 wherein the electrical supply comprises a standard electrical supply via a standard wall outlet, electricity supplied via an auxiliary generator, or electricity supplied from a battery bank with inverter powered by an alternative energy source further comprising solar, wind, or geothermal powering means. 8. The male recessed inlet system as described in claim 7 wherein the auxiliary generator is powered by a hydrocarbon comprising gasoline, diesel fuel, propane, butane, ethanol, or methane. 9. The male recessed inlet system as described in claim 6 wherein the male recessed inlet has mounting holes for mounting to a standard electrical device box. 10. The male recessed inlet system as described in claim 6 wherein a cover is included and which secures the male recessed inlet to a standard electrical device box via the mounting holes. 11. A male recessed inlet system comprising: (a) a male recessed inlet; wherein the male recessed outlet features a single male plug that is recessed; wherein the male recessed inlet includes a set of connection points; (b) a plurality of standard wall outlets; wherein the standard wall outlets are all connected together via wiring to the set of connection points of the male recessed inlet; wherein the standard wall outlets are mounted to a wall; wherein an extension cord plugs an electrical supply into one of the standard wall outlets; and wherein the male recessed inlet supplies electricity supplied from one of the standard wall outlets. 12. The male recessed inlet system as described in claim 11 wherein the electrical supply comprises a standard electrical supply via a standard wall outlet, electricity supplied via an auxiliary generator, or electricity supplied from a battery bank with inverter powered by an alternative energy source further comprising solar, wind, or geothermal powering means. 13. The male recessed inlet system, as described in claim 12 wherein the auxiliary generator is powered by a hydrocarbon comprising gasoline, diesel fuel, propane, butane, ethanol, or methane. 14. The male recessed inlet system as described in claim 11 wherein a plurality of extension cords plug into a multitude of standard wall outlets in order to collectively supply electricity to the male recessed inlet. 15. The male recessed inlet system as described in claim 11 wherein the male recessed inlet has mounting holes for mounting to a standard electrical device box. 16. The male recessed inlet system as described in claim 11 wherein a cover is included and which secures the male recessed inlet to a standard electrical device box via the mounting holes. 