This electrical connection assembly is used for a photovoltaic cell (4) having rear electrical contacts. The assembly comprises at least one spacer-plate (10) of electrically insulating material suitable for having the rear face of the cell bearing against a first side (116) thereof in a position in which the connection terminals (46, 48) of the cell (4) are in register with through orifices (120, 122) in the spacer-plate (10). The assembly also includes at least two ribbons (20) of electrically conductive material arranged on a second side of the spacer-plate (10), opposite from the first side (116), and provided with contact elements (210, 212) suitable for making electrical contact with the connection terminals (46, 48) of the cell (4) through the orifices (120, 122) in the spacer-plate. Electrical contact between the contact elements (210, 212) and the connection terminals (46, 48) is established without soldering, under the effect of a resilient force.
Claims 1. An assembly for electrically connecting a photovoltaic cell having rear contacts, a front face for facing towards the light, and a rear face fitted with positive electrical connection terminals and with negative electrical connection terminals, the assembly being characterized in that it comprises: at least one spacer-plate of electrically insulating material suitable for having the rear face of the cell bear against a first side thereof in a position such that the connection terminals are in register with orifices passing through the spacer-plate; and at least two ribbons of electrically conductive material arranged on a second side of the spacer-plate, opposite from the first side, and each provided with contact elements suitable for establishing electrical contact with the connection terminals of the cell bearing against the first side of the spacer-plate, through the orifices in the spacer-plate, electrical contact between the contact elements and the connection terminals being established without soldering, under the effect of a resilient force. 2. An assembly according to claim 1, wherein the spacer-plate is provided with at least one rib for prepositioning the cell in two directions that are parallel to a face of the cell. 3. An assembly according to claim 2, wherein the spacer-plate is provided with a plurality of ribs that are compatible with mounting a photovoltaic cell with clearance. 4. An assembly according to claim 1, wherein each ribbon comprises a plurality of electricity-collector strips, each fitted with a plurality of contact elements, and an electricity distributor strip connecting together the collector strips. 5. An assembly according to claim 4, wherein the collector strips of the ribbon extend on either side of the distributor strip and are perpendicular thereto, and wherein the collector strips situated on one side of the distributor strip are offset along a longitudinal axis of the distributor strip relative to the collector strips situated on the other side of the distributor strip. 6. An assembly according to claim 1, wherein the spacer-plate is provided with at least a first row of orifices for placing in resister with negative terminals of a photovoltaic cell pressing against said spacer-plate, and a second row of orifices for placing in register with positive terminals of the same cell bearing against said spacer-plate. 7. An assembly according to claim 1, wherein the contact elements of the ribbons are elastically deformable tongues. 8. An assembly according to claim 7, wherein the tongues are obtained by cutting out and/or folding the ribbons. 9. An assembly according to claim 1, wherein the contact elements are formed integrally with the ribbons. 10. A photovoltaic module comprising at least one photovoltaic cell having rear contacts, a translucent plate covering the front face of the photovoltaic cell, and a support plate towards which the rear face of the cell faces, the module being characterized in that it includes at least one support and connection assembly according to any preceding claim placed between the translucent plate and the support plate. 11. A module according to claim 10, wherein it includes at least two cells each placed with its rear face bearing against a spacer-plate and at least one ribbon of conductive material extends in register with two adjacent spacer-plates with its elements in contact firstly with negative terminals of a photovoltaic cell bearing against a first spacer-plate, and secondly with positive terminals of a photovoltaic cell bearing against a second spacer-plate. 12. A module according to claim 10, wherein the support and positioning assembly is according to claim 2, and wherein the positioning rib provided on the spacer-plate is of a height greater than the thickness of the photovoltaic cell. 13. A module according to claim 10, wherein the tongues of the ribbon exert a resilient thrust force against the cell with the terminals with which they are in contact, which force urges the cells against the translucent plate. 14. A module according to claim 10, wherein the spacer-plate is rectangular in shape, in that a rib extends along each of its edges, in that the ribs of two opposite sides of the plate are spaced apart by a distance slightly greater than the length of the photovoltaic cell, and wherein the ribs of two other opposite sides of the plate are spaced apart by a distance slightly greater than the width of the photovoltaic cell. 15. A method of fabricating a photovoltaic module according to claim 10, the method being characterized in that it comprises the steps consisting in: a) assembling a plurality of spacer-plates together; b) installing a plurality of ribbons on one side of the spacer-plates, the ribbons having their respective contact elements engaged in orifices in the spacer-plates; c) placing a photovoltaic cell on another side of each spacer-plate, the rear face of said cell facing towards the spacer-plate and connection terminals of the cell being in register with orifices of the spacer-plate; and d) installing the assembly as formed in this way between the translucent plate and the support plate. 16. A method according to claim 15, wherein during step d), the contact elements of the ribbons are taken from a waiting configuration to a configuration in which each of them exerts a resilient force against a connection terminal of the cell. 