A photovoltaic roofing tile has a substrate, a photovoltaic laminate positioned over the substrate, and a fire suppression material arranged proximate a first end of the substrate. A plurality the photovoltaic roofing tiles are arranged on a roof deck in an overlapping relationship.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic roofing tile comprising: a substrate having a first substrate surface, a second substrate surface, a first end, and a second end, the first substrate surface facing away from the second substrate surface, and the first end being on an opposite side of the substrate as the second end; a photovoltaic laminate positioned over the first substrate surface; and a fire suppression material arranged proximate the first end. 2. The photovoltaic roofing tile according to claim 1, wherein the substrate comprises a flange extending from the first end at an angle with respect to the first substrate surface. 3. The photovoltaic roofing tile according to claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic laminate comprises a layer of photovoltaic cells, the layer of photovoltaic cells having a first laminate surface and a second laminate surface, and wherein the photovoltaic laminate comprises a back sheet layer on the second laminate surface and a transparent layer on the first laminate surface. 4. The photovoltaic roofing tile according to claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic laminate is secured to the substrate. 5. The photovoltaic roofing tile according to claim 1, wherein the substrate is constructed of a thermoplastic polymer. 6. The photovoltaic roofing tile according to claim 1, wherein the fire suppression material is arranged on a flange extending from the first end at an angle with respect to the first substrate surface. 7. The photovoltaic roofing tile according to claim 6, wherein the first end has a length and the fire suppression material extends substantially along the length of the first end. 8. The photovoltaic roofing tile according to claim 1, wherein the first end has a length and the fire suppression material extends substantially along the length of the first end. 9. The photovoltaic roofing tile according to claim 1, wherein the fire suppression material is arranged on the first substrate surface proximate the first end and is spaced from the photovoltaic laminate. 10. The photovoltaic roofing tile according to claim 1, wherein the fire suppression material is arranged in a groove formed in the substrate. 11. The photovoltaic roofing tile according to claim 1, wherein the fire suppression material comprises a molded fire suppression additive in combination with a binder. 12. The photovoltaic roofing tile according to claim 1, wherein the fire suppression material comprises a fire agent, a flame retardant, and/or an intumescent material. 13. The photovoltaic roofing tile according to claim 11, wherein the fire suppression material comprises an intumescent material. 14. The photovoltaic roofing tile according to claim 1, wherein the fire suppression material comprises a binder and a fire suppression additive and the fire suppression additive is 50-90% by weight of the fire suppression material. 15. A roof assembly comprising: a deck having a mounting surface; a plurality of photovoltaic roofing tiles arranged on the deck in an overlapping relationship, each photovoltaic roofing tile of the plurality of photovoltaic roofing tiles comprising: a substrate having a first substrate surface, a second substrate surface, a first end, and a second end, the first substrate surface facing away from the second substrate surface, and the first end being on an opposite side of the substrate as the second end; a photovoltaic laminate positioned over the first substrate surface; and a fire suppression material arranged proximate the first end. 16. The roof assembly according to claim 15, wherein the overlapping relationship is defined by the second end of the substrate of a first tile being positioned over the first end of the substrate of a second adjacent tile. 17. The roof assembly according to claim 15, wherein each photovoltaic laminate comprises a layer of photovoltaic cells, the layer of photovoltaic cells having a first laminate surface and a second laminate surface, and wherein the photovoltaic laminate comprises a back sheet layer on the second laminate surface and a transparent layer on the first laminate surface. 18. The roof assembly according to claim 15, wherein each photovoltaic laminate is secured to the substrate. 19. The roof assembly according to claim 15, wherein each substrate comprises a thermoplastic polymer. 20. The roof assembly according to claim 15, wherein the fire suppression material is arranged on a flange extending from the first end at an angle with respect to the first substrate surface. 21. The roof assembly according to claim 20, wherein the first end has a length and the fire suppression material extends substantially a long the length of the first end. 22. The roof assembly according to claim 15, wherein the first end has a length and the fire suppression material extends substantially a long the length of the first end. 23. The roof assembly according to claim 15, wherein the fire suppression material is arranged on the first substrate surface proximate the first end and is spaced from the photovoltaic laminate. 24. The roof assembly according to claim 15, wherein the fire suppression material is arranged in a groove formed in the substrate. 25. The roof assembly according to claim 15, wherein the fire suppression material comprises a molded fire suppression additive in combination with a binder. 26. The roof assembly according to claim 15, wherein the fire suppression material comprises a fire agent, a flame retardant, and/or an intumescent material. 27. The roof assembly according to claim 26, wherein the fire suppression material comprises an intumescent material. 28. The roof assembly according to claim 15, wherein the fire suppression material comprises a binder and a fire suppression additive and the fire suppression additive is 50-90% by weight of the fire suppression material. 