A solar collector device is provided. The solar collector device includes an evacuated tube and a mini-channel tube mounted within the evacuated tube, the mini-channel tube comprising a first plurality of ports for inflow of a heat-transfer fluid and a second plurality of ports for outflow of the heat-transfer fluid to a heat exchange system. The mini-channel tube may have a hydraulic diameter in a range of approximately 3 millimeters to approximately 200 micrometers. The mini-channel tube may have a hydraulic diameter in a range of approximately 200 micrometers to approximately 10 micrometers.
Claims 1. A solar collector device comprising: an evacuated tube; and a mini-channel tube mounted within the evacuated tube, the mini-channel tube comprising a first plurality of ports for inflow of a heat-transfer fluid and a second plurality of ports for outflow of the heat-transfer fluid to a heat exchange system, wherein the mini-channel tube comprises a plurality of mini-channels, each extending from a respective one of the first plurality of ports for inflow of a heat-transfer fluid to a respective one of the second plurality of ports for outflow of the heat-transfer fluid. 2. The solar collector device of claim 1, further comprising an absorber fin mounted within the evacuated tube and mounted to the mini-channel tube. 3. The solar collector device of claim 2, wherein the first plurality of ports is mounted within the second plurality of ports. 4. The solar collector device of claim 3, wherein the second plurality of ports are mounted to the absorber fin. 5. The solar collector device of claim 1, wherein at least one of the first plurality of ports is mounted within a respective one of the second plurality of ports. 6. The solar collector device of claim 5, wherein the second plurality of ports are mounted to the evacuated tube. 7. The solar collector device of claim 1, wherein the mini-channel tube is U-shaped within the evacuated tube. 8. The solar collector device of claim 7, wherein the U-shaped mini-channel tube has a curved major dimension. 9. The solar collector device of claim 1, wherein the first plurality of ports are rectangular in shape. 10. The solar collector device of claim 1, wherein the first plurality of ports are circular in shape. 11. The solar collector device of claim 1, further comprising a heat-transfer fluid enclosed within the mini-channel tube. 12. The solar collector device of claim 1, wherein each mini-channel has a hydraulic diameter in a range of approximately 10 millimeters to approximately 200 micrometers. 13. The solar collector device of claim 1, wherein each mini-channel has a hydraulic diameter in a range of approximately 200 micrometers to approximately 10 millimeters. 14. A solar collection system comprising: a solar collector comprising an evacuated tube and a mini-channel tube mounted within the evacuated tube, the mini-channel tube comprising a first plurality of ports for inflow of a heat-transfer fluid and a second plurality of ports for outflow of the heat-transfer fluid to a heat exchange system; a solar energy concentrator configured to direct solar energy onto the solar collector; and a connector configured for mounting the solar collector to the solar energy concentrator, wherein the mini-channel tube comprises a plurality of mini-channels, each extending from a respective one of the first plurality of ports for inflow of a heat-transfer fluid to a respective one of the second plurality of ports for outflow of the heat-transfer fluid to a heat exchange system. 15. The solar collection system of claim 14, wherein the mini-channel tube is U-shaped within the evacuated tube. 16. The solar collection system of claim 15, wherein the U-shaped mini-channel tube has a curved major dimension. 17. The solar collection system of claim 14, wherein the mini-channel tube has a hydraulic diameter in a range of approximately 3 millimeters to approximately 200 micrometers. 18. The solar collection system of claim 14, wherein the mini-channel tube has a hydraulic diameter in a range of approximately 200 micrometers to approximately 10 millimeters. 19. A solar energy system comprising: a heat exchange system; a solar collector comprising an evacuated tube, and a mini-channel tube mounted within the evacuated tube, the mini-channel tube comprising a first plurality of ports for inflow of a heat-transfer fluid and a second plurality of ports for outflow of the heat-transfer fluid to the heat exchange system, wherein the mini-channel tube comprises a plurality of mini-channels, each extending from a respective one of the first plurality of ports for inflow of a heat-transfer fluid to a respective one of the second plurality of ports for outflow of the heat-transfer fluid; and a fluid flow system configured to control the flow of the heat-transfer fluid through the mini-channel tube. 20. The solar energy system of claim 19, further comprising a solar energy concentrator configured to direct solar energy onto the solar collector. 21. The solar energy system of claim 19, wherein the mini-channel tube is U-shaped within the evacuated tube. 22. The solar energy system of claim 21, wherein the U-shaped mini-channel tube has a curved major dimension. 23. The solar energy system of claim 19, wherein the mini-channel tube has a hydraulic diameter in a range of approximately 10 millimeters to approximately 200 micrometers. 24. The solar energy system of claim 19, wherein the mini-channel tube has a hydraulic diameter in a range of approximately 200 micrometers to approximately 10 millimeters. 25. A solar collector comprising an evacuated enclosure, which is at least partially transparent to solar radiation; an input port for the inflow of a heat-transfer fluid; an output port for the outflow of the heat transfer fluid; a mixing chamber; and an absorber within the enclosure comprising a plurality of inflow mini-channels each extending between a respective inflow end in fluid communication with the input port and a respective outflow end in fluid communication with the mixing chamber and a plurality of outflow mini-channels each extending between a respective inflow end in fluid communication with the mixing chamber, and a respective outflow end in fluid communication with output port. 26. The solar collector of claim 25, wherein: the absorber extends between a distal end and a proximal end; the respective inflow ends of the plurality of inflow mini channels and the respective outflow ends of the plurality of outflow mini channels are located at the proximal end of the tube; and the respective outflow ends of the plurality of inflow mini channels and the respective inflow ends of the plurality of outflow mini channels are located at the proximal end of the tube. 27. The solar collector of claim 26, further comprising an end cap which receives the distal end of the absorber and comprises the mixing chamber. 28. The solar collector of claim 27, wherein the absorber comprises: a first section comprising the plurality of inflow mini channels: and a second section comprising the plurality of outflow mini-channels; wherein the first and second sections do not contact each other; and wherein the end cap comprises a first opening for receiving in fluid-tight connection a distal end of the first section, and a second opening for receiving in fluid-tight connection a distal end of the second section. 29. The solar collector of claim 28, comprising a fluid input connection comprising: an opening which receives the proximal end of the first section in fluid-tight connection; and a passage in fluid communication with the input port and the respective inflow ends of the plurality of inflow mini channels, such that fluid input into the input port will flow through the passage into the inflow ends of the plurality of inflow mini channels. 30. The solar collector of claim 29, comprising a fluid output connection comprising: an opening which receives the proximal end of the second section in fluid-tight connection; and a passage in fluid communication with the output port and the respective outflow ends of the plurality of outflow mini channels, such that fluid from the respective outflow ends will flow through the passage into the output port. 31. The solar collector of claim 29 wherein the fluid input connection and the fluid output connection are thermally isolated from each other. 32. The solar collector of claim 27, wherein the absorber comprises a hollow tube disposed about a longitudinal axis extending between the distal end to the proximal end, the tube comprises a pair of longitudinal slits extending from the proximal end to a point proximal the distal end to define first and second prongs of the tube; the plurality of inflow mini-channels extend along the first prong to the respective inflow ends of the plurality of inflow mini-channels located at a proximal end of the first prong, and the plurality of outflow mini-channels extend along the second prong to the respective outflow ends of the plurality of outflow mini channels at a proximal end of the second prong. 33. The solar collector of claim 32, wherein the hollow tube comprises an outer surface and an inner surface, and the end cap comprises: an outer cap in fluid-tight connection with the outside surface of the tube; and an inner plug in fluid-tight connection with the inside surface of the tube, wherein the mixing chamber comprises a volume defined between the cap and the plug. 34. The solar collector of claim 33, wherein the tube is substantially cylindrical, and the outer cap and inner plug comprise nested hemispheres. 35. The solar collector of claim 33, wherein the tube is substantially cylindrical the outer cap and inner plug each comprise nested cylinders. 36. The solar collector of claim 32, comprising a fluid input connection comprising: an opening for receiving in fluid-tight connection the proximal end of the first prong, said end comprising the respective inflow ends of the plurality of inflow mini channels; and a passage in fluid communication with the input port and the respective inflow ends of the plurality of inflow mini channels, such that fluid input into the input port will flow through the passage into the respective inflow ends of the plurality of inflow mini channels. 37. The solar collector of claim 36, comprising a fluid output connection comprising: an opening for receiving in fluid-tight connection the proximal end of the second prong, said end comprising the respective outflow ends of the plurality of outflow mini channels; and a passage in fluid communication with the output port and the respective outflow ends of the plurality of outflow mini channels, such that fluid from the respective outflow ends will flow through the passage into the output port. 38. The solar collector of claim 37, wherein the fluid input connection comprises a substantially half cylindrical drum comprising a base surface and a curved radial surface, each surface extending between front and back end faces, wherein the input port is mounted the front end face, the opening for receiving the proximal end of the first prong us located on the back end face, and the passage in fluid communication with the input port and the respective inflow ends of the plurality of inflow mini channels is located within the drum. 39. The solar collector of claim 36, wherein the fluid output connection comprises a substantially half cylindrical drum comprising a base surface and a curved radial surface, each extending between front and back end faces, wherein the input port is mounted to the front end face, the opening for receiving the proximal end of the first prong is located on the back end face, and the passage in fluid communication with the output port and the respective outflow ends of the plurality of inflow mini channels is located within the drum. 40. The solar collector of claim 39, wherein the base surface of the fluid output connection is located proximal to and facing the base surface of the fluid input connection. 41. The solar collector of claim 40, wherein the enclosure comprises a hollow tube having a curved inner surface, and wherein the curved radial surfaces of the fluid input and output connections proximal to and facing the inner surface of the enclosure. 42. The solar collector of claim 32, further comprising one or more supports extending between the first and second prongs and located within one of the longitudinal slits distal the proximal end of the absorber. 43. The solar collector of claim 32, further comprising one or more longitudinal slits extending from the distal end of the tube, wherein the tube comprises another pair of longitudinal slits extending from the distal end to a point distal the proximal end to define third and forth prongs of the tube, the plurality of inflow mini-channels extend along the third prong to the respective outflow ends of the plurality of inflow mini-channels located at a distal end of the third prong, and the plurality of outflow mini-channels extend along the fourth prong to the respective inflow ends of the plurality of outflow mini channels at a distal end of the fourth prong. 44. The solar collector of claim 43 wherein the end cap comprises: a first opening which receives the proximal end of the third prong to form a fluid-tight connection with the mixing chamber; and a second opening which receives the proximal end of the forth prong to form a fluid-tight connection with the mixing chamber. 45. The solar collector of claim 25, wherein the absorber comprises a surface having a high absorptivity of solar radiation greater than about 0.9, and a low emissivity of less than about 0.1 within the visible to infrared range. 46. The solar collector of claim 25, wherein each of the mini channels has a hydraulic diameter in a range of approximately 10 millimeters to approximately 200 micrometers. 47. The solar collector of claim 25, wherein each of the mini channels has a hydraulic diameter in a range of approximately 100 millimeters to approximately 200 micrometers. 48. The solar collector of claim 25, wherein each of the mini channels has a hydraulic diameter in a range of approximately 200 micrometers to approximately 10 millimeters. 49. The solar collector of claim 25, further comprising one or more concentrators configured to concentrate solar radiation onto the absorber. 50. The solar collector of claim 25, further comprising a heat exchanger in fluid communication with the output port and configured to extract energy from the heat-transfer fluid. 51. The solar collector of claim 25, wherein, during operation, the ratio of the area of the absorber receiving solar energy to that of the area of the absorber in contact with the heat transfer fluid is in the range of about 1/pi to about 1/(2*pi). 52. A solar collector comprising: an evacuated enclosure which is at least partially transparent to solar radiation; an input port for the inflow of a heat-transfer fluid; an output port for the outflow of the heat transfer fluid; a u-shaped absorber within the enclosure, said absorber having first and second elongated portions each having a proximal end, the elongated portions being connected at a distal end by a curved portion; and a plurality of mini-channels in the u-shaped absorber each extending between an inflow end located at the proximal end of the first elongated member and outflow end located at the proximal end of the second elongated member, wherein the inflow end of each mini-channel is in fluid communication with the input port and the outflow end outflow end of each mini-channel is in fluid communication with the output port. 53. The solar collector of claim 52, wherein each mini-channels is configured to: receive heat transfer fluid from the input port; and direct heat transfer fluid through the channel along the first elongated member, through the curved portion, along the second elongated member, and to the output port. 54. The solar collector of claim 53, comprising a fluid input connection comprising: an opening for receiving in fluid-tight connection the proximal end of the first elongated member; and a passage in fluid communication with the input port and the inflow ends of the plurality of mini channels located at the proximal end of the first elongated member, such that fluid input into the input port will flow through the passage into the inflow ends of the plurality of inflow mini channels. 55. The solar collector of claim 54, comprising a fluid output connection comprising: an opening for receiving, in fluid-tight connection, the proximal end of the second elongated member; and a passage in fluid communication with the output port and the respective outflow ends of the plurality of mini channels located at the proximal end of the second elongated member, such that fluid from the respective outflow ends will flow through the passage into the output port. 56. The solar collector of claim 55, wherein the first and second elongated members are substantially flat members, and where the respective openings in the fluid input connection and fluid output connection are formed as slits. 57. A solar collector comprising: an evacuated enclosure which is at least partially transparent to solar light; an input port for the inflow of a heat-transfer fluid; an output port for the outflow of the heat transfer fluid; and an absorber within the enclosure comprising: first and second elongated surfaces facing each outer and extending from a proximal end to a distal end; and a plurality of fins extending between the first surface and the second surface, said fins defining a plurality of mini channels each extending between an inflow end located at the proximal end of the surfaces and outflow end located at the distal end of the surfaces, wherein the inflow end of each mini-channel is in fluid communication with the input port and the outflow end outflow end of each mini-channel is in fluid communication with the output port. 58. The solar collector of claim 57, wherein: the first elongated surface is a tubular surface disposed about a longitudinal axis; the second elongated surface is a tubular surface disposed about the first elongated surface, and the second elongated member; and the plurality of fins extend substantially radially outward from the first elongated surface to the second elongated surface. 59. The solar collector of claim 58, wherein the first and second elongated surfaces are concentric cylinders. 60. The solar collector of claim 58, wherein the plurality of fins are substantially rigid members which provide mechanical support between the first and second elongated surfaces. 61. The solar collector of claim 58, wherein the plurality of fins are arranged in a corrugated pattern between the first and second elongated surfaces. 62. The solar collector of claim 58, wherein the plurality of fins are formed as a corrugated sheet located between the first and second elongated surfaces. 63. A method comprising: providing a solar collector comprising: an evacuated enclosure which is at least partially transparent to solar light; an input port for the inflow of a heat-transfer fluid; an output port for the outflow of the heat transfer fluid an absorber within the enclosure comprising: a mixing chamber; a plurality of inflow mini-channels each extending between an inflow end in fluid communication with the input port and an outflow end in fluid communication with the mixing chamber; and a plurality of outflow mini-channels each extending between an inflow end in fluid communication with the mixing chamber and an outflow end in fluid communication with output port; receiving solar radiation incident through the enclosure to heat the absorber; flowing heat-transfer fluid from the input port, through the inflow mini channels to the mixing chamber, such that the heat-transfer fluid absorbs heat from the absorber; outputting the fluid from the inflow mini-channels into the mixing chamber; mixing the fluid in the mixing chamber; and flowing the mixed fluid through the outflow mini-channels to the output port. 64. The method of claim 63, further comprising directing the fluid from the output port to a heat-exchange system. 65. The method of claim 64, further comprising concentrating solar radiation onto the absorber. 66. A method comprising: providing a solar collector comprising: an evacuated enclosure which is at least partially transparent to solar light; an input port for the inflow of a heat-transfer fluid; an output port for the outflow of heat transfer fluid; a u-shaped absorber within the enclosure, said absorber having first and second elongated portions each having a proximal end, the elongated portions being connected at a distal end by a curved portion; and a plurality of mini-channels in the u-shaped absorber each extending between an inflow end located at the proximal end of the first elongated member and outflow end located at the proximal end of the second elongated member, wherein the inflow end of each mini-channel is in fluid communication with the input port and the outflow end outflow end of each mini-channel is in fluid communication with the output port; receiving solar radiation incident through the enclosure to heat the absorber; flowing heat-transfer fluid from the input port, through the mini channels, such that the heat-transfer fluid absorbs heat from the absorber; and flowing the heat transfer fluid from the mini-channels to the output port. 67. The method of claim 66, further comprising directing the fluid from the output port to a heat exchange system. 68. The method of claim 66, further comprising concentrating solar radiation onto the absorber. 69. A method comprising; providing a solar collector comprising: an evacuated tube; and a mini-channel tube mounted within the evacuated tube, the mini-channel tube comprising a first plurality of ports for inflow of a heat-transfer fluid and a second plurality of ports for outflow of the heat-transfer fluid to a heat exchange system, wherein the mini-channel tube comprises a plurality of mini-channels, each extending from a respective one of the first plurality of ports for inflow of a heat-transfer fluid to a respective one of the second plurality of ports for outflow of the heat-transfer fluid; receiving solar radiation to heat the mini-channel tube; flowing heat-transfer fluid through the mini-channel tube, such that the heat-transfer fluid absorbs heat from the absorber; and flowing the heat transfer fluid from the mini-channel tube to the heat exchange system. 70. The method of claim 69, further comprising exchanging heat from the heat transfer fluid. 71. The method of claim 70, further comprising concentrating solar radiation onto the absorber. 72. A method of making a solar collector comprising: providing first and second elongated surfaces facing each outer and extending from a proximal end to a distal end; positioning a plurality of fins extending between the first surface and the second surface; and joining the fins to the first and second elongated surfaces to form a plurality of mini channels each extending between an inflow end located at the proximal end of the surfaces and outflow end located at the distal end of the surfaces. 73. The method of claim 72, wherein: the first elongated surface is a tubular surface disposed about a longitudinal axis; the second elongated surface is a tubular surface disposed about the first elongated surface, and the second elongated member; and the plurality of fins extend substantially radially outward from the first elongated surface to the second elongated surface. 74. The method of claim 72, wherein the first and second elongated surfaces are concentric cylinders. 75. The method of claim 72, wherein the plurality of fins are arranged in a corrugated pattern between the first and second elongated surfaces. 76. The method of claim 72, wherein the plurality of fins are formed as a corrugated sheet located between the first and second elongated surfaces. 77. The method of claim 72, wherein the joining the fins to the first and second elongated surfaces comprises brazing. 78. The method of claim 72, wherein the joining the fins to the first and second elongated surfaces comprises at least one selected from the list consisting of: welding, gluing, soldering, crimping, mechanically fastening, riveting, and chemically fastening. 