A method and system of determining and displaying energy savings from an HVAC system operating in an energy saving mode. The HVAC system is operated to maintain a comfort mode temperature during a learning period. The energy consumed by the HVAC system at multiple outside ambient conditions during the learning period is determined. The correlation between a specific ambient condition and energy consumed by the HVAC system is determined. The HVAC system is run to maintain an energy saving setpoint temperature. The energy consumed by the HVAC system is determined at an ambient condition while maintaining the energy saving setpoint temperature. The energy savings are calculated as a function of the difference between the energy that would have been consumed by the HVAC system at the ambient condition based on the determined correlation and the energy consumed by the HVAC system while maintaining the energy saving setpoint temperature at the ambient condition
Claims 1. A method of determining energy savings from an HVAC system in a building operating in an energy saving mode, the method comprising: running the HVAC system to maintain a comfort mode temperature during a learning period; determining the energy consumed by the HVAC system at multiple outside ambient conditions during the learning period; determining a correlation between a specific ambient condition and energy consumed by the HVAC system; running the HVAC system to maintain an energy saving setpoint temperature; determining the energy consumed by the HVAC system at an ambient condition while maintaining the energy saving setpoint temperature; and calculating the energy savings as a function of the difference between the energy that would have been consumed by the HVAC system at the ambient condition based on the determined correlation and the energy consumed by the HVAC system while maintaining the energy saving setpoint temperature at the ambient condition. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the energy savings is displayed on a display. 3. The method of claim 2, wherein the display is on a thermostat. 4. The method of claim 1 wherein the energy saving setpoint temperature is controlled by a thermostat. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein the correlation is determined as a function of outdoor ambient conditions and power consumed by the HVAC system to maintain the comfort mode setpoint temperature; and wherein the energy consumed by the HVAC system while maintaining the energy saving setpoint temperature is determined by the power consumed by the HVAC system while maintaining the energy saving setpoint temperature. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein the correlation is determined as a function of outdoor ambient conditions and the on and off times of the HVAC system while maintaining the comfort mode setpoint temperature; and wherein the energy consumed by the HVAC system while maintaining the energy saving setpoint temperature is determined by the on and off times of the HVAC system while maintaining the energy saving setpoint temperature. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein the correlation is determined by the difference in on and off times of the HVAC system while maintaining the comfort mode setpoint temperature and maintaining a second setpoint temperature; and wherein the energy consumed by the HVAC system while maintaining the energy saving setpoint temperature is determined by the energy saving setpoint temperature. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein the energy savings is expressed as a percentage of energy saved between the energy at the comfort mode setpoint temperature and the energy saving setpoint temperature. 9. The method of claim 1, wherein the energy savings is expressed as currency or carbon footprint reduction. 10. The method of claim 1, wherein the energy savings setpoint temperature is either a set-back temperature when the HVAC system is in cooling mode or a set-up temperature when the HVAC system is in heating mode. 11. The method of claim 1, wherein the ambient condition is a function of outside temperature, humidity, solar coverage, or any combination thereof. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein the ambient condition is determined via a temperature sensor in communication with a thermostat. 13. An energy savings monitoring system, comprising: an HVAC system; a thermostat coupled to the HVAC system to control the HVAC system, the thermostat including a display and a controller operative to: run the HVAC system to maintain a comfort mode temperature during a learning period; determine the energy consumed by the HVAC system at multiple outside ambient conditions during the learning period; determine a correlation between a specific ambient condition and energy consumed by the HVAC system; run the HVAC system to maintain an energy saving setpoint temperature; determine the energy consumed by the HVAC system at an ambient condition while maintaining the energy saving setpoint temperature; and calculate the energy savings as a function of the difference between the energy that would have been consumed by the HVAC system at the ambient condition based on the determined correlation and the energy consumed by the HVAC system while maintaining the energy saving setpoint temperature at the ambient condition, wherein the display is operative to display the calculated energy savings. 14. The energy savings monitoring system of claim 13, wherein the HVAC system includes a gas fed furnace, a compressor and a blower fan. 15. The energy savings monitoring system of claim 13, wherein the HVAC system includes at least one of an electrical furnace or a heat pump. 16. The energy savings monitoring system of claim 13, wherein the correlation is determined as a function of outdoor ambient conditions and power consumed by the HVAC system to maintain the comfort mode setpoint temperature; and wherein the energy consumed by the HVAC system while maintaining the energy saving setpoint temperature is determined by the power consumed by the HVAC system while maintaining the energy saving setpoint temperature. 17. The energy savings monitoring system of claim 13, wherein the correlation is determined as a function of outdoor ambient conditions and the on and off times of the HVAC system while maintaining the comfort mode setpoint temperature; and wherein the energy consumed by the HVAC system while maintaining the energy saving setpoint temperature is determined by the on and off times of the HVAC system while maintaining the energy saving setpoint temperature. 18. The energy savings monitoring system of claim 13, wherein the correlation is determined by the difference in on and off times of the HVAC system while maintaining the comfort mode setpoint temperature and maintaining a second setpoint temperature; and wherein the energy consumed by the HVAC system while maintaining the energy saving setpoint temperature is determined by the energy saving setpoint temperature. 19. The energy savings monitoring system of claim 13, wherein the energy savings is expressed as a percentage of energy saved between the energy at the comfort mode setpoint temperature and the energy saving setpoint temperature. 20. The energy savings monitoring system of claim 13, wherein the energy savings is expressed as currency or carbon footprint reduction. 21. The energy savings monitoring system of claim 13, wherein the energy savings setpoint temperature is either a set-back temperature when the HVAC system is in cooling mode or a set-up temperature when the HVAC system is in heating mode. 22. The energy savings monitoring system of claim 13, wherein the ambient condition is a function of outside temperature, humidity, solar coverage, or any combination thereof. 23. The energy savings monitoring system of claim 22, wherein the ambient condition is determined via a temperature sensor in communication with the thermostat. 