A solar-powered ball is described. The solar-powered ball includes a member positioned in an interior of the solar-powered ball. The member comprises a solar panel that powers motion-activated lights. The solar-powered ball provides a pet toy. The solar-powered ball further includes an internal frame that supports an outer shell. The outer shell allows solar or light radiation to pass through to the solar panel in order to power the motion-activated lights.
Claims 1. A solar-powered, flashing ball, comprising: an outer shell having an orbital or a spherical shape; an internal frame to support the outer shell, wherein the internal frame comprises supports that are curved to contact an inner surface of the outer shell; and, a member comprising a solar panel and at least one motion-activated light, the member engaged to the internal frame. 2. The solar-powered ball according to claim 1, wherein the member is held in a rotating engagement with the internal frame. 3. The solar-powered ball according to claim 1, wherein the member is held in a freely rotating engagement with the internal frame. 4. The solar-powered ball according to claim 1, wherein the member orients the solar panel in an upward facing direction. 5. The solar-powered ball according to claim 1, wherein the outer shell allows radiation to pass through it in order to charge the solar panel. 6. The solar-powered ball according to claim 1, wherein a center of gravity of the member is a distance away from an axis of rotation of the member. 7. The solar-powered, flashing ball according to claim 1, wherein a center of gravity of the member is positioned between the axis of rotation and the outer shell. 8. The solar-powered, flashing ball according to claim 1, wherein the member comprises a first axle and a second axle, wherein the internal frame forms a first hub and a second hub, wherein the first axel is held in rotatable engagement with the first hub, and the second axel is held in rotatable engagement with the second hub. 9. The solar-powered, flashing ball according to claim 1, wherein the internal frame comprises a first frame and a second frame, wherein each of the first frame and the second frame comprise a plurality of supports; wherein at least a portion of an exterior surface of the supports is in contact with an interior surface of the outer shell. 10. The solar-powered, flashing ball according to claim 9, wherein the supports form ribs or supporting members that extend from a first end of the first frame to a second end of the first frame, wherein the supports form ribs or supporting members that extend from a first end of the second frame to a second end of the second frame. 11. The solar-powered, flashing ball according to claim 10, wherein pairs of the supports extend from the first end of the first frame to the second end of the first frame, wherein additional pairs of the supports extend from the first end of the second frame to the second end of the second frame. 12. The solar-powered, flashing ball according to claim 1, wherein the outer shell is made from a thermal plastic urethane. 13. The solar-powered, flashing ball according to claim 1, wherein the member further comprises a housing; the solar panel positioned on a surface of the housing; and a motion-activated switch or sensor to operate the at least one motion-activated lights; and the housing comprising a first axle and a second axle. 14. The solar-powered, flashing ball according to claim 1, wherein the frame forms a first hub and second hub, wherein the first hub receives the first axel in a rotating engagement and the second hub receives the second axel in a rotating engagement. 15. The solar-powered, flashing ball according to claim 1, wherein the member includes an up-facing surface and a down-facing surface; the solar panel is positioned on the up-facing surface; and a center of gravity of the member is between the up-facing surface and the down-facing surface. 16. The solar-powered, flashing ball according to claim 1, wherein the member includes a first axle and a second axle that define an axis of rotation; wherein a center of gravity of the member is a distance from the axis of rotation. 17. A solar-powered, flashing ball, comprising: an outer shell having an orbital shape, wherein the outer shell comprises a first outer shell half and a second outer shell half, wherein the outer shell defines an interior, wherein the outer shell has an interior surface; an internal frame to support the outer shell, the internal frame comprising a first frame half and a second frame half, wherein the internal frame defines an interior, wherein each of the first frame and the second frame comprise a plurality of supports; exterior surfaces of the supports are in contact with the interior surface of the outer shell; the frame forming a first hub and a second hub; a rotating member positioned in the interior of the frame, the rotating member comprising a housing, a solar panel, a motion-activated switch or sensor, and lights; the housing comprising a first axle and a second axle; and the rotating member mounted in a rotating engagement within the interior of the frame, wherein the first axle is rotatably engaged to the first hub, and the second axle is rotatably engaged to the second hub; wherein the rotating member rotates in the interior of the frame. 18. A flashing pet toy, comprising: an outer shell having an orbital or spherical shape; an internal frame to support the outer shell; the internal frame comprising hubs; a rotating member, the rotating member comprising lights that flash; and the rotating member mounted in a rotating engagement with the hubs of the internal frame. 19. A solar-powered, flashing ball, comprising: an outer shell having an orbital shape; a rotating member, the rotating member comprising a solar panel and a motion-activated lights; the rotating member held in a rotating engagement within the shell; the rotating member having an axis of rotation; and the rotating member having a center of gravity, wherein the center of gravity is positioned a distance from the axis of rotation. 20. The solar-powered, flashing ball according to claim 19, wherein the center of gravity is positioned between the axis of rotation and the outer shell. 21. A method of constructing a solar-powered ball, comprising: providing an outer shell having a spherical or an orbital shape, wherein the outer shell comprises a first outer shell half and a second outer shell half, wherein the outer shell defines an interior, wherein the outer shell has an interior surface; providing an internal frame to support the outer shell, the internal frame comprising a first frame half and a second frame half, wherein the frame defines an interior, wherein each of the first frame and the second frame comprise a plurality of supports; and exterior surfaces of the supports are in contact with the interior surface of the outer shell; forming a first hub and a second hub with the internal frame; positioning a rotating member in the interior of the frame, the rotating member comprising a housing, a solar panel, a motion-activated switch or sensor, and lights; the housing comprising a first axle and a second axle; and mounting the rotating member in a rotating engagement within the interior of the frame, wherein the first axle is rotatably engaged to the first hub, and the second axle is rotatably engaged to the second hub; wherein the rotating member rotates in the interior of the frame. 22. A lighted ball, comprising: an outer shell having an orbital or a spherical shape; an internal frame to support the outer shell, wherein the internal frame comprises supports that are curved to contact an inner surface of the outer shell; and, a member comprising at least one light, the member engaged to the internal frame. 23. A method of recharging a solar-powered pet toy, comprising: providing a solar-powered pet toy comprising: an outer shell; an internal frame to support the outer shell, wherein the internal frame comprises supports that contact an inner surface of the outer shell; and, a rotating member comprising a solar panel and at least one light, the member rotatably engaged to the internal frame; throwing or tossing the pet toy, and the member rotating to position the solar panel to receive solar or light radiation; and recharging the pet toy from the solar or light radiation received by the solar panel. 