A solar panel mount that tilts the panel about one or more axes toward the direction facing the sun when it is shining, through the action of one or more mechanical means, each effecting tilt about at least one of the axes, and each responding to a particular direction of sunlight with respect to the base or panel, through directionally-sensitive solar radiation absorbing means. In one set of preferred embodiments the mechanical means are length-changing actuators in which a temperature-responsive working fluid drives levers to lift a side of the panel. In a second set of embodiments, the mechanical means are tension-changing actuators in which temperature-responsive folded springs retract to pull the panel to a side.
Claims 1) A solar panel mounting system that supports a solar panel in a low-profile position when not operating and pivots the panel in response to the sun's movement when operating to decrease the difference between the panel's normal direction and the sun's direction, through the use of solar mechanical devices that change shape in response to changes in solar illumination falling on certain of their surfaces. 2) The solar panel mounting system of claim 1 in which the said solar mechanical devices are thermally-responsive engines having pistons and radiant energy capturers, where each of said engine's length is controlled by a confined thermal fluid whose volume is a function of its temperature. 3) The solar panel mounting system of claim 1 in which the said solar mechanical devices are thermal springs, each of whose length is a monotonically increasing or decreasing function of its temperature. 4) The solar panel mounting system of claim 1 that supports and constrains the motion of the panel through the use of a fulcrum-lift mount, wherein a pivot frame rests on a slightly larger base frame upon which it can pivot up about a fulcrum coinciding with either of two of its opposite bottom edges where tensional straps connecting opposite edges of the pivot and base frames keep the fulcrum anchored to the base frame. 5) The solar panel mounting system of claim 1 that supports and constrains the motion of the panel through the use of a two-axis rocker mount in which a universal joint mounted just below the panel's center tiltably articulates to the a frame through an axle mount parallel to the panel's face and tiltably articulates to a base frame through a perpendicular axle mount parallel to the base plane. 6) The thermally-responsive engine of claim 2 in which the said radiant energy capturer comprises a main component enveloped by a second component whose shape, perforations, and transparency modulate the the thermal gain and loss characteristics of said main component. 7) The thermal spring of claim 3 in which laminations of at least two materials having different thermal expansion coefficients causes the shape of the spring to change. 