A mobile power system comprises a plurality of energy sources, wherein at least one energy source is a solar powered generating device and at least one energy source is a wind powered generating device; a plurality of electronic and telecommunications components configured to receive the power generated by the plurality of energy sources and/or convert the power generated to direct current power; a plurality of batteries configured to store the direct current power; and at least one transportable housing configured to hold the plurality of energy sources, the plurality of electronic and telecommunications, and the plurality of batteries during transport of the housing, and wherein the housing is configured to remotely operate the at least one solar powered energy device and the at least one wind powered generating device when the mobile power system is in operation.
Claims 1. A mobile power system, comprising: a plurality of energy sources, wherein at least one energy source is a solar powered generating device and at least one energy source is a wind powered generating device; a plurality of electronic and telecommunications components configured to receive the power generated by the plurality of energy sources and/or convert the power generated to direct current power; a plurality of batteries configured to store the direct current power; and at least one transportable housing configured to hold the plurality of energy sources, the plurality of electronic and telecommunications, and the plurality of batteries during transport of the housing, and wherein the housing is configured to remotely operate the least one solar powered energy device and the at least one wind powered generating device when the mobile power system is in operation. 2. The mobile power system of claim 1, wherein the at least one transportable housing comprises a first end, a second end opposite the first end, a top wall, a first side wall, a second side wall opposite the first side wall, a bottom wall, and at least one opening disposed in the first end, the second end, the first side wall, the second side wall, the top wall, or a combination comprising at least one of the foregoing. 3. The mobile power system of claim 2, wherein the at least one transportable housing comprises a control room disposed in a rearmost portion of the housing opposite the at least one opening, wherein the control room is configured to house at least one of the plurality of electronic and telecommunications components. 4. The mobile power system of claim 3, wherein the control room further comprises a cooling unit disposed in an end or wall of the housing at the rearmost portion, wherein the cooling unit is configured to control a temperature and a humidity in the control room. 5. The mobile power system of claims 1, wherein the at least one transportable housing satisfies International Organization for Standardization standards, Container Safety Convention standards, Coast Guard Certification standards, Military Specification standards, Mine Resistant Ambush Protected standards, or a combination comprising at least one of the foregoing industrial or military standards. 6. The mobile power system of claims 1, the at least one housing comprises two containers, wherein each of the containers satisfy standard dimensions specified by the International Organization for Standardization and comprise a length dimension of 20 feet. 7. The mobile power system of claims 1, wherein the at least one housing comprises two or more Internal Aircraft/Helicopter Slingable series containers commercially available from AAR Mobility Systems. 8. A method of transporting and assembling a mobile power system, comprising: storing a plurality of energy sources, a plurality of electronic and telecommunications components, and a plurality of batteries in at least one housing, wherein at least one energy source is a solar powered generating device and at least one energy source is a wind powered generating device; transporting the at least one housing to a desired location; removing at least the plurality of energy sources from the at least one housing; disposing the plurality of energy sources remotely from the housing and in operative communication with the plurality of electronic and telecommunications components; receiving power from the plurality of energy sources and converting the power to direct current power; and storing the direct current power with the plurality of batteries. 9. The method of claim 8, further comprising remotely controlling and monitoring the mobile power system. 10. The method of claims 8, wherein transporting the at least one housing further comprises disposing the at least one housing on a truck trailer. 11. The method of claims 8, wherein transporting the at least one housing further comprises inserting the housing into the internal cargo hold of a helicopter. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein the helicopter comprises a CH-47 Chinook, CH-46E Sea Knight, CH-53 Sea Stallion, CH-53E Super Stallion, 53K Super Stallion, UH-1 Iroquois, UH-60 Black Hawk, SH-60 Sea Hawk, MH-60 Sea Hawk, HH-60H Sea Hawk, CV-22 Osprey, V-22 Osprey, HV-22 Osprey, SV-22 Osprey, or MV-22 Osprey. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein the at least one housing comprises two or more Internal Aircraft/Helicopter Slingable series containers commercially available from AAR Mobility Systems. 14. The method of claims 8, wherein the at least one transportable housing satisfies International Organization for Standardization standards, Container Safety Convention standards, Coast Guard Certification standards, Military Specification standards, Mine Resistant Ambush Protected standards, or a combination comprising at least one of the foregoing industrial or military standards. 15. The method of claims 8, the at least one housing comprises two containers, wherein each of the containers satisfy standard dimensions specified by the International Organization for Standardization and comprise a length dimension of 20 feet. 