Systems involving generation of electrical power are provided. In this regard, a representative system includes: two rechargeable batteries; a DC-to-AC inverter; and a self-recharging system operative to alternately recharge a first of the batteries using charge provided from a second of the batteries, and recharge the second of the batteries using charge provided from the first of the batteries; wherein the DC-to-AC inverter is operative to direct charge from the first of the batteries to a load during recharge of the second of the batteries, and to direct charge from the second of the batteries to the load during recharge of the first of the batteries.
Claims 1. A system comprising: two rechargeable batteries; a DC-to-AC inverter; and a self-recharging system operative to alternately recharge a first of the batteries using charge provided from a second of the batteries, and recharge the second of the batteries using charge provided from the first of the batteries; wherein the DC-to-AC inverter is operative to direct charge from the first of the batteries to a load during recharge of the second of the batteries, and to direct charge from the second of the batteries to the load during recharge of the first of the batteries. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein: the inverter receives electrical power from the switch assembly along a first path; and the system further comprises a charger electrically connected between the inverter and the switch assembly along a second path. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein: the load is an inductor; the system further comprises an electrically powered device having a coil; and the inductor is operative to power the device via the coil. 4. The system of claim 2, further comprising an adapter electrically connected to the charger, the adapter being operative to receive external electrical power for charging the batteries. 5. The system of claim 2, further comprising a photovoltaic cell electrically connected to the switch assembly and operative to provide electrical power for charging the batteries. 6. The system of claim 5, further comprising a light emitting diode operative to emit light onto the photovoltaic cell for recharging the batteries. 7. The system of claim 6, further comprising a power regulator operative to receive power from the inverter and to provide power to the light emitting diode. 8. The system of claim 2, further comprising a motor operative to receive power from the inverter. 9. The system of claim 8, further comprising a generator operative to rotate responsive to the motor and to generate electrical power, the electrical power being provided to the switch assembly for recharging the batteries. 10. The system of claim 2, further comprising a pack operative to house the rechargeable batteries, the inverter and the self-recharging system. 11. The system of claim 10, wherein the pack is a backpack. 12. The system of claim 10, wherein the pack is a hip-pack. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein the hip-pack has removable shoulder straps. 14. The system of claim 2, wherein the self-recharging system comprises a switch assembly operative to direct power for recharging alternately between the first and second of the batteries. 15. A system configured as a cordless power tool comprising: two rechargeable batteries; and a motor; wherein the tool is operative to recharge itself to the extent that a battery can be recharged using kinetic energy from rotation of the motor to generate energy needed to recharge the batteries. 16. The tool of claim 15, wherein the tool is operative to alternately recharge a first of the batteries and a second of the batteries. 17. The tool of claim 15, wherein the tool is a drill. 