A simple solar heating system incorporates a heat dissipater into a heat exchange circuit for bypassing solar collectors when either the temperature or the pressure in the heat exchange circuit exceeds preset limits. In the absence of electric controllers, fluid in the heat exchange circuit is caused to bypass the solar collectors using a valve which is controlled by either the temperature or pressure of the fluid. A solar photovoltaic panel energizes a circulating pump for increasing the rate of pumping as more solar energy is available at the PV panel and decreasing the rate as solar energy decreases.
Claims 1. Apparatus for maximizing thermal energy collection in a solar collection system independent from the electric utility grid or external energy provider comprising: one or more solar collectors; a heat exchange circuit having fluid therein and being fluidly and thermally connected between the one or more solar collectors and a point of use; a solar powered pump for substantially continuously pumping the fluid through the heat exchange circuit during solar energy collection; a heat dissipater fluidly connected to the heat exchange circuit and having an inlet upstream from the one or more solar collectors and an outlet downstream from the one or more solar collectors; and a valve positioned downstream from the heat dissipater which, when closed in response to a condition being at or below a maximum preset operating condition, prevents fluid from entering the heat dissipater; and when opened in response to the condition exceeding the maximum preset operating condition, permits at least a portion of the fluid in the heat exchange circuit to bypass the one or more solar collectors to flow through the heat dissipater for cooling the at least a portion of the fluid, the cooled fluid being returned to the heat exchange circuit thereafter through the outlet for maintaining the working fluid at or below the maximum preset operating condition. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the valve is a thermally-actuated control valve and the condition is the temperature of the fluid. 3. The apparatus of claim 2 wherein the maximum preset operating temperature is 90.degree. C. 4. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the valve is a pressure-actuated control valve and the condition of the fluid is the pressure of the fluid. 5. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a photovoltaic panel for powering the solar-powered pump. 6. The apparatus of claim 5 wherein the solar powered pump is a variable speed direct current pump, the pumping speed being relative to an amount of solar energy at the photovoltaic panel. 7. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the heat exchange circuit is an indirect heat exchange circuit and the fluid therein comprises a mixture of propylene glycol and water. 8. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the heat exchange circuit is a direct heat exchange circuit and the fluid therein is a fluid utilized at the point of use. 9. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein the heat exchange circuit further comprises an expansion tank. 10. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein the heat exchange circuit further comprises a pressure relief device for discharging the working fluid from the heat exchange circuit at a preset pressure. 11. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the one or more solar collectors are sized for maximum solar energy absorption and the heat dissipater is sized to balance heat loss with heat gain. 12. A method for maximizing thermal energy collection in a solar collection system independent from the electric utility grid or external energy provider comprising one or more solar collectors, and a heat exchange circuit having a working fluid therein, the heat exchange circuit being fluidly and thermally connected between the one or more solar collectors and a point of use, the method comprising: continuously circulating the working fluid through the heat exchange circuit and the one or more solar collectors using a solar-powered pump to heat the circulating fluid; and monitoring a condition of the heated fluid indicative of overheating, and when the condition exceeds a maximum preset operating condition, bypassing at least a portion of the circulating fluid around the one or more solar collectors through a heat dissipater for producing a cooled fluid; and recombining the cooled fluid with the heated fluid in the heat exchange circuit downstream from the solar collector for maintaining the circulating fluid at or below the maximum preset operating condition. 13. The method of claim 12 wherein the bypassing of at least a portion of the fluid further comprises modulating a flow of fluid to the heat dissipater. 14. The method of claim 12 wherein the monitoring of the condition comprises monitoring the temperature of the heated fluid in the heat exchange circuit and if the temperature of the heated fluid exceeds a maximum preset operating temperature, bypassing at least the portion of the continuously pumped fluid around the one or more solar collectors. 15. The method of claim 12 wherein the monitoring of the condition comprises monitoring the pressure of the heated fluid in the heat exchange circuit and if the pressure exceeds a maximum preset operating pressure, bypassing at least the portion of the circulating fluid around the one or more solar collectors. 16. The method of claim 12 further comprising: monitoring the pressure in the heat exchange circuit at a pressure relief valve and if the pressure in the heat exchange circuit exceeds a preset pressure, opening the pressure relief valve for releasing the working fluid from the heat exchange circuit. 