A photovoltaic system comprises a plurality of photovoltaic modules which are electrically connected to a string or to multiple parallel-connected strings and form a PV generator. The first string end forms the negative pole of the photovoltaic generator, and the second string end forms the positive pole. A voltage reduction device is provided with the aid of which the potential of the negative pole is lowered to ground. Advantages with regard to the insulation class of the connecting cable used are also provided.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic system comprising: a plurality of photovoltaic modules that are electrically connected to form at least one string and that form a photovoltaic generator whose first sting end forms a negative pole and whose second string end forms a positive pole; and a device adapted to reduce a voltage with the aid of which the potential of the negative pole is lowered to ground. 2. The photovoltaic system according to claim 1, wherein the device is a voltage source having a negative connecting pole and a positive connecting pole, the positive connecting pole being applied to ground potential and the negative connecting pole being electrically connected to the negative pole of the photovoltaic generator. 3. The photovoltaic system according to claim 2, wherein the voltage source is a constant voltage source having a preset voltage. 4. The photovoltaic system according to claim 1, wherein the first and the second string ends of the photovoltaic generator are connectable to a floating inverter. 5. The photovoltaic system according to claim 3, wherein the constant voltage source provides a voltage between 100 volts and 1,500 volts. 6. The photovoltaic system according to claim 3, wherein the constant voltage source provides a voltage between 500 volts and 1,500 volts. 7. The photovoltaic system according to claim 3, wherein the constant voltage source provides a voltage of approximately 1,000 volts, in particular between 950 volts and 1,050 volts. 8. The photovoltaic system according to claim 1, wherein the alarm signal is forwarded to a warning device which indicates an operating state of the photovoltaic system and/or a degree of danger to people. 9. The photovoltaic system according to claim 1, further comprising a circuit-breaker, which disconnects the voltage source from the photovoltaic system when a current is detected between the photovoltaic generator and ground potential above a preset current limit value or which separates the voltage source from the ground potential. 10. The photovoltaic system according to claim 9, further comprising a comparison circuit for which a current limit value is preset and which is connectable to a current measuring element in a line from or to the voltage source. 