A ruggedized luminescent display system for displaying electronic images or light from a surface of an object, according to various aspects of the present invention, may comprise a resilient transmissive material disposed within a cavity of the object and may have a surface that is configured to be substantially flush with an outer surface of the object. A light source may be disposed within the object and may emit light through the resilient transmissive material such that the light may be visible from the outer surface of the object. The light source may be electrically coupled to an integrated circuit board with a control system comprising a microcontroller that may control the emission of light from the light source in response to a signal. The microcontroller may receive the signal from a motion sensor that may be electrically coupled to the integrated circuit board and configured to detect the motion of the object.
Claims 1. A ruggedized luminescent display system for displaying at least one of electronic images and light from an object comprising: a transmissive material disposed within a cavity of the object, wherein a surface of the transmissive material is configured to be positioned substantially flush with an outer surface of the object; a light source disposed within the object and configured to emit light through the transmissive material; an integrated circuit board disposed within the object and electrically coupled to the light source by a first power conduit; a control system disposed within the object and electrically coupled to the integrated circuit board, wherein the control system comprises a microcontroller configured to control the emission of light from the light source in response to a signal; a motion sensor disposed within the object and electrically coupled to the integrated circuit board; and a memory storage device disposed within the object and electrically coupled to the integrated circuit board. 2. The ruggedized luminescent display system according to claim 1, wherein the transmissive material and the light source are at least one of an organic light emitting diode and a quantum dot. 3. The ruggedized luminescent display system according to claim 1, further comprising a power source coupled to the integrated circuit board by a second power conduit and configured to provide power to at least one of the light source, the motion sensor, the memory storage device, and the control system. 4. The ruggedized luminescent display system according to claim 3, wherein the power source comprises at least one of a rechargeable battery, an energy harvesting battery, a thin film battery, a lithium polymer battery, a solar cell, a super capacitor, and an alkaline battery. 5. The ruggedized luminescent display system according to claim 1, wherein the microcontroller is configured to monitor the amount of charge of the power source and the recharging of the power source. 6. The ruggedized luminescent display system according to claim 1, further comprising a switch, wherein the switch is configured provide the signal to the control system when the switch is at least one of activated and deactivated by a user. 7. The ruggedized luminescent display system according to claim 1, wherein the light source is electrically coupled directly onto the integrated circuit board. 8. The ruggedized luminescent display system according to claim 1, wherein the motion sensor, the memory storage device, and the control system are electrically coupled directly onto the integrated circuit board. 9. The ruggedized luminescent display system according to claim 1, wherein the signal comprises at least one of motion, pressure, temperature, and ambient light intensity. 10. The ruggedized display system according to claim 1, wherein the transmissive material comprises at least one of an acrylic material, a composite material, a plastic, a fiber optic sheet, and a luminescent film. 11. The ruggedized luminescent display system according to claim 1, further comprising a reflective film positioned along a surface of the transmissive material facing the cavity of the object, wherein the reflective film is adapted to reflect light emitted from the light source to an opposite side of the transmissive material that is substantially flush with the outer surface of the object. 12. The ruggedized luminescent display system according to claim 1, wherein the transmissive material comprises at least two layers of material and a prismatic film disposed between the at least two of the layers. 13. The ruggedized luminescent display system according to claim 1, wherein the light source comprises at least one of a light emitting diode, an electronic video display, a light emitting electrochemical cell, a thick-film dielectric component, and a micro-display. 14. The ruggedized luminescent display system according to claim 1, wherein the light source is located proximate to the transmissive material. 15. The ruggedized luminescent display system according to claim 1, wherein the light source is embedded within the transmissive material. 16. The ruggedized luminescent display system according to claim 1, wherein the motion sensor comprises at least one of an accelerometer and a piezoelectric transducer. 17. A ruggedized luminescent display system for displaying at least one of an electronic image and light from a boardsport medium comprising: a transmissive material disposed within a cavity of the boardsport medium, wherein a first surface of the transmissive material is configured to be positioned substantially flush with an outer surface of the object; a light source configured to emit light through the transmissive material; an integrated circuit board electrically coupled to the light source by a first power conduit, wherein the integrated circuit board comprises: a control system electrically coupled onto the integrated circuit board comprising a microcontroller configured to control the emission of light from the light source in response to a signal; a motion sensor electrically coupled onto the integrated circuit board; and a memory storage device electrically coupled onto the integrated circuit board; and a power source coupled to the integrated circuit board by a second power conduit and configured to provide power to at least one of the light source, the motion sensor, the memory storage device, and the control system; wherein the light source and the integrated circuit board are disposed within the boardsport medium and secured therein such that the light source and the integrated circuit board are protected from the environmental conditions outside of the boardsport medium; and wherein the light emitted through the transmissive material by the light source is visible from the outside of the boardsport medium. 18. The ruggedized luminescent display system according to claim 17, wherein the boardsport medium is at least one of a conventional skateboard or snowboard, wherein the skateboard and snowboard comprise a plurality of layers of component material. 19. The ruggedized luminescent display system according to claim 18, wherein at least one of the light source, the integrated circuit board, the power source, and the power conduit are embedded between two of the layers of the component material during the manufacturing of the skateboard and snowboard. 20. The ruggedized luminescent display system according to claim 18, wherein the integrated circuit board and the power source are positioned at an end of the skateboard and the light source and the transmissive material are located on the bottom side of the skateboard between the wheels trucks. 21. The ruggedized luminescent display system according to claim 17, wherein the power source comprises at least one of a rechargeable battery, an energy harvesting battery, a thin film battery, a lithium polymer battery, a solar cell, a super capacitor, and an alkaline battery. 22. The ruggedized luminescent display system according to claim 17, wherein the microcontroller is configured to monitor the amount of charge of the power source and the recharging of the power source. 23. The ruggedized luminescent display system according to claim 17, wherein the transmissive material and the light source are at least one of an organic light emitting diode and a quantum dot. 24. The ruggedized luminescent display system according to claim 17, wherein the light source is electrically coupled directly onto the integrated circuit board. 25. The ruggedized luminescent display system according to claim 17, wherein the signal comprises at least one of motion, pressure, temperature, and ambient light intensity. 26. The ruggedized luminescent display system according to claim 17, wherein the transmissive material comprises at least one of an acrylic material, a composite material, a plastic, a fiber optic sheet, and a luminescent film. 27. The ruggedized luminescent display system according to claim 17, further comprising reflective film positioned along a surface of the transmissive material facing the cavity of the object, wherein the reflective film is adapted to reflect light emitted from the light source to an opposite side of the transmissive material that is substantially flush with the outer surface of the object. 28. The ruggedized luminescent display system according to claim 17, wherein the transmissive material comprises at least two layers of material and a prismatic film disposed between at least two of the layers. 29. The ruggedized luminescent display system according to claim 17, wherein the light source comprises at least one of a light emitting diode, a light emitting electrochemical cell, a thick-film dielectric component, and a micro-display. 30. The ruggedized luminescent display system according to claim 17, wherein the light source is located proximate to the transmissive material. 31. The ruggedized luminescent display system according to claim 17, wherein the light source is embedded inside the transmissive material. 32. The ruggedized luminescent display system according to claim 17, further comprising a switch, wherein the switch is configured provide the signal to the control system when the switch is at least one of activated and deactivated by a user. 33. The ruggedized luminescent display system according to claim 17, wherein the motion sensor comprises at least one of an accelerometer and a piezoelectric transducer. 34. A method of displaying at least one of electronic images or light from a surface of a boardsport medium, comprising; securing a resilient transmissive material into a cavity of the boardsport medium, wherein a surface of the resilient transmissive material is configured to be substantially flush with an outer surface of the boardsport medium; mounting a light source within the boardsport medium and configuring the light source to emit light through the resilient transmissive material such that the light emitted by the light source is visible from the outer surface of the boardsport medium; electrically coupling an integrated circuit board to a motion sensor, a memory storage device, and a control system comprising a microcontroller configured to control the emission of light from the light source in response to a signal; and electrically coupling the light source to the integrated circuit board that is electrically coupled to the motion sensor, the memory storage device, and the control system and securing the integrated circuit board within the boardsport medium. 35. A method of displaying at least one of electronic images or light from a surface of a boardsport medium according to claim 34, wherein the boardsport medium comprises at least one of a skateboard and a snowboard, wherein the skateboard and snowboard comprise a plurality of layers of component material. 36. A method of displaying at least one of electronic images or light from a surface of a boardsport medium according to claim 35, wherein the light source, the integrated circuit board, the motion sensor, the memory storage device, and the control system are embedded between two of the layers of the component material during the manufacturing of the skateboard and snowboard. 