Solar panel theft protection system operable both during daytime and nighttime. Power is feed into a solar array system sufficient to operate local management units. The units monitor solar panels; in the event that a panel is disconnected, an alarm is set off.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic system comprising: a solar array comprising at least one solar panel connected to at least one respective local management unit (LMU); a power supply configured to feed power to the solar array so that the respective LMU can operate without power from the solar panel; the respective LMU in a communication with a controller so that if the solar panel becomes disconnected from the solar array or the solar panel becomes inoperable the respective LMU ceases a specified pattern of communication with the controller; and wherein, if the specified pattern of communication ceases between the respective LMU and the controller after zero or more attempts by the controller fail to reestablish the specified pattern of communication with the respective LMU, the system raises an alarm. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein the controller is selected from the group consisting of: an master management unit; a theft prevention controller; and a combination of a master management unit and a theft prevention unit. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein the communication comprises a secure communication. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein the power supply obtains power from at least one source selected from the group consisting of: a grid; a battery; and a capacitor. 5. The system of claim 1 wherein the respective LMU is not operating until it receives a wake up signal from the controller or a wake up signal from a clock internal to the respective LMU. 6. The system of claim 1 wherein the controller confirms the communication with the respective LMU by periodically polling the respective LMU. 7. The system of claim 1 wherein the controller confirms the specified pattern of communication with the respective LMU by monitoring current flow between the power supply and the solar array for a select pattern. 8. A method for operating a photovoltaic system comprising: exchanging periodic messages between a local management unit (LMU) and a controller; responding to the periodic messages by the LMU if a respective solar panel is operational; and wherein upon a failure of the controller to receive a specified pattern response to one or more of the periodic messages, the controller tries to reestablish a communication with the LMU by sending zero or more poll messages; wherein upon the controller failing to reestablish the communication, the system raises an alarm. 9. The method of claim 8 wherein the controller is selected from the group consisting of: an master management unit; a theft prevention controller; and a combination of a master management unit and a theft prevention unit. 10. The method of claim 8 wherein the periodic messages comprise a secure communication. 11. A photovoltaic system comprising: a solar array comprising at least one solar panel connected to at least one respective local management unit (LMU); a power supply configured to feed power to the solar array so that the respective LMU can operate without power from the solar panel; and the respective LMU in a communication with a controller so that if the solar panel becomes disconnected from the solar array or the solar panel becomes inoperable the respective LMU sends a notification to the controller. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein a determination that the solar panel becomes disconnected from the solar array or the solar panel becomes inoperable is made by a change in resistance and/or a change in capacitance between the solar panel and the respective LMU. 13. The system of claim 11, wherein, upon receiving the notification by the controller, the system raises an alarm. 14. The system of claim 11 wherein the controller is selected from the group consisting of: an master management unit; a theft prevention controller; and a combination of a master management unit and a theft prevention unit. 15. The system of claim 11 wherein the notification comprises a secure message. 16. A method for operating a photovoltaic system comprising: a local management unit (LMU) communicating with a controller; the LMU monitoring at least one solar panel; and wherein upon a failure of the solar panel to maintain an electrical connection with the LMU, the LMU sends a notification to the controller. 17. The method of claim 16 wherein a determination that the solar panel has failed to maintain the electrical connection with the LMU is made by a change in resistance and/or a change in capacitance between the solar panel and the LMU. 18. The method of claim 16, wherein, upon receiving the notification by the controller, the system raises an alarm. 19. The method of claim 16 wherein the controller is selected from the group consisting of: an master management unit; a theft prevention controller; and a combination of a master management unit and a theft prevention unit. 20. The method of claim 16 wherein the notification comprises a secure message. 