The invention concerns an inverter for solar panels which includes at least two inverter inputs to each of which a group of solar panels can be connected, and an inverter output to which a network can be connected. The inverter includes an inverter element with a direct voltage input and an alternating voltage output which converts the direct voltage which is connected to its direct voltage input into alternating voltage and sends it to the inverter output, an electronic control system which monitors the direct voltage which is connected to the direct voltage input of the inverter element and the network voltage and/or the network frequency of the network which is connected to the inverter output, and a switching system which is electrically arrayed between one of the at least two inverter inputs and the direct voltage input of the inverter element, wherein the at least two inverter inputs of the inverter are connected in series with the direct voltage input of the inverter element. The electronic control system is designed so that it triggers the switching system to disconnect the at least one inverter input of the inverter from the direct voltage input of the inverter element if the voltage which is connected to the direct voltage input of the inverter element exceeds an upper threshold value and/or the network voltage and/or the network frequency of the network which is connected to the inverter output lies outside a previously specified normal voltage or normal frequency range. The invention furthermore concerns a process to control an inverter for solar panels.
Claims 1. Inverter (1) for solar panels (4), comprising at least two inverter inputs (7.1, 7.2) to each of which a group of solar panels can be connected, and an inverter output (8) to which a network can be connected, an inverter element (3) with a direct voltage input (8) and an alternating voltage output (10) which converts the direct voltage which is connected to its direct voltage input (8) into alternating voltage and sends it to the inverter output (9), an electronic control system (5, 6) which monitors the direct voltage which is connected to the direct voltage input (8) of the inverter element (3) and the network voltage and/or the network frequency of the network which is connected to the inverter output (9), a switching system (K1, K2) which is electrically arrayed between one of the at least two inverter inputs (7) and the direct voltage input (8) of the inverter element (3), wherein the at least two inverter inputs (7.1, 7.2) of the inverter (1) are connected in series with the direct voltage input (8) of the inverter element (3), wherein the electronic control system is designed so that it activates the switching system (K1, K2) to disconnect the at least one inverter input (7.2) of the inverter (1) from the direct voltage input (8) of the inverter element (3) if the voltage which is connected to the direct voltage input (8) of the inverter element (3) exceeds an upper threshold value and/or if the network voltage and/or the network frequency lies outside a previously specified normal voltage or normal frequency range. 2. Inverter in accordance with claim 1, wherein the switching system includes a switching element (K2) which is triggered by the electronic control system to disconnect the at least one inverter input (7.2) of the inverter (1) from the direct voltage input (8) of the inverter element (3) if the voltage which is connected to the direct voltage input (8) of the inverter element (3) exceeds an upper threshold value. 3. Inverter in accordance with claim 1, wherein the switching system includes a switching element (K1) which is triggered by the electronic control system to disconnect the at least one inverter input (7.2) of the inverter (1) from the direct voltage input (8) of the inverter element (3) if the network voltage and/or the network frequency of the network which is connected to the inverter output (9) lies outside a previously specified normal voltage range or normal frequency range. 4. Inverter in accordance with claim 2, wherein the switching element (K2) is electrically arrayed between one (7.2) of the at least two inverter inputs (7.1, 7.2) and the direct voltage input (8) of the inverter element (3) so that it short-circuits this inverter input (7.2) to disconnect this inverter input (7.2) from the direct voltage input (8) of the inverter element (3). 5. Inverter in accordance with claim 4, wherein the short-circuit consists of a pulsating short-circuit process with a timing ratio which is set so that the voltage at the direct voltage input (8) of the inverter element (3) is brought back below the upper threshold value. 6. Inverter (1) in accordance with claim 4, wherein a second switching element (K4) is arrayed parallel to the switching element (K2), which is triggered by the electronic control system to short-circuit this inverter input (7.2) as well in order to disconnect the inverter input (7.2) from the direct voltage input (8) of the inverter element (3), wherein the first switching element (K2) and the second switching element (K4) are of differing types. 7. Inverter (1) in accordance with claim 1, wherein the electronic control system includes a microcontroller (5) which monitors the network voltage and/or the network frequency of the network at the inverter output (9), as well as the voltage at the direct voltage input (8) of the inverter element (3). 8. Inverter (1) in accordance with claim 1, wherein the electronic control system includes a safety shut-off (6) which measures the voltage at the direct voltage input (8) of the inverter element (3) and triggers the switching element (K2) to disconnect the at least one inverter input (7.2) of the inverter (1) from the direct voltage input (8) of the inverter element (3) if the voltage which is connected to the direct voltage input (8) of the inverter element (3) exceeds an upper threshold value. 9. Inverter (1) in accordance with claim 1, wherein the electronic control system includes a microcontroller (5) and a safety shut-off (6) and triggers the switching element (K2) to disconnect the inverter input (7.2) of the inverter (1) from the direct voltage input (8) of the inverter element (3) if the microcontroller (5) detects that the voltage which is connected to the direct voltage input (8) of the inverter element (3) exceeds an upper threshold value and/or the network frequency of the network which is connected to the inverter output (9) lies outside a previously specified normal voltage range or normal frequency range, or the voltage which is connected to the direct voltage input (8) of the inverter element (3) exceeds an upper threshold value. 10. Inverter (1) in accordance with claim 1, wherein the electronic control system is laid out so that it controls a further switching element (K3) which is electrically arrayed between the alternating voltage output (10) of the inverter element (3) and the inverter output (9) and triggers disconnection of the inverter element (3) from the network which is connected to the inverter output (9). 11. Inverter (1) in accordance with claim 1, wherein the upper threshold value is selected so that it will not be reached during load operation and that during load operation, the at least two groups (2.1, 2.2) of solar panels (4) contribute to the voltage at the direct voltage input (8) of the inverter element (3). 12. Process to control an inverter (1) for solar panels, wherein the inverter (1) possesses at least two inverter inputs (7.1, 7.2) to each of which a group of solar panels can be connected, and an inverter output (9) to which a network can be connected, as well as an inverter element (3) with a direct voltage input (8) and an alternating voltage output (10) which converts the direct voltage which is connected to its direct voltage input (8) into alternating voltage and sends it to the inverter output (9), wherein the process includes the following: Monitoring the direct voltage which is connected to the direct voltage input (8) of the inverter element (3) and the network voltage and/or the network frequency of the network which is connected to the inverter output (9), and Disconnection of the at least one inverter input (7.2) of the inverter (1) from the direct voltage input (8) of the inverter element (3) if the voltage which is connected to the direct voltage input (8) of the inverter element (3) exceeds an upper threshold value and/or the network frequency of the network which is connected to the inverter output (9) lies outside a previously specified normal voltage range or normal frequency range. 13. Process in accordance with claim 12, wherein the open-circuit voltage of the at least one group (2.2) of solar panels which is connected to the at least one inverter input (7.2) and which can be disconnected from the direct voltage input (8) of the inverter element (3) by the electronic control system is selected so that the load voltage of both groups (2.1, 2.2) is largely equal to the open-circuit voltage of the other group (2.1) of solar panels which is connected to the inverter input (7.1), which cannot be disconnected from the direct voltage input (8) of the inverter element (3) by the electronic control system. 