A light assembly includes a first sheet and a second sheet below the first sheet. The first and the second sheets are parabolic in shape. The first sheet has a dichroic surface. The second sheet has a reflective surface.
Claims 1. A light assembly comprising: a first sheet being parabolic in shape and having a dichroic surface; and, a second sheet below the first sheet, the second sheet being parabolic in shape and having a reflective surface. 2. The light assembly of claim 1, wherein each sheet of the first and the second sheets comprises: a first tab at a first end of the sheet to increase stiffness of the sheet; and, a second tab at a second end of the sheet to increase stiffness of the sheet. 3. The light assembly of claim 1, wherein the first sheet is adapted to reflect light having a wavelength range and to transmit light outside the wavelength range. 4. The light assembly of claim 1, further comprising a frame to which the first and the second sheets are mounted. 5. The light assembly of claim 4, wherein the frame has a parabolic shape in correspondence with parabolic shapes of the first and the second sheets. 6. The light assembly of claim 4, wherein the frame is metal, and each of the first and the second sheets is plastic. 7. The light assembly of claim 4, wherein the first and the second sheets have a coefficient of thermal expansion (CTE) closely matching a CTE of the frame. 8. The light assembly of claim 1, further comprising: a first photovoltaic (PV) mechanism to receive light reflected by the first sheet to convert the light reflected by the first sheet into electrical energy; a second PV mechanism below the first PV mechanism and to receive light reflected by the second sheet to convert the light reflected by the second sheet into electrical energy, such that the light assembly is a solar cell, wherein the light is light from the sun. 9. The light assembly of claim 8, further comprising: a frame to which the first and the second sheets are mounted; and, a structure attached to a lower end of the frame, and to which the first and the second PV mechanisms are attached. 10. The light assembly of claim 9, wherein the first and the second sheets are mounted in relation to one another on the frame such that solar light is to first impinge the first sheet, and the solar light that is transmitted through the first sheet is then to impinge the second sheet. 11. A method comprising: coating a first sheet so that the first sheet has a dichroic surface; coating a second sheet so that the second sheet has a reflective surface; and, after coating the first and the second sheets, manipulating the first and the second sheets so that the first and the second sheets have a parabolic shape. 12. The method of claim 11, further comprising, after manipulating the first and the second sheets, mounting the first and the second sheets to a frame such that the second sheet is mounted to the frame below the first sheet. 13. The method of claim 12, further comprising: attaching a first photovoltaic (PV) mechanism and a second PV mechanism to a structure such that the second PV mechanism is attached to the structure below the first PV mechanism; attaching the structure to a lower end of the frame, wherein the first PV mechanism is to receive light reflected by the first sheet to convert the light reflected by the first sheet into electrical energy, wherein the second PV mechanism is to receive light reflected by the second sheet to convert the light reflected by the second sheet into electrical energy, wherein the light is light from the sun. 14. A method comprising: reflecting a first portion of light by a first sheet, the first sheet being parabolic in shape; transmitting a second portion of the light by the first sheet; and, reflecting the second portion of the light by a second sheet, the second sheet being parabolic in shape. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein the light is light from the sun, wherein reflecting the first portion of the light by the first sheet comprises reflecting the first portion of the light towards a first photovoltaic mechanism, and wherein reflecting the second portion of the light by the second sheet comprises reflecting the second portion of the light towards a second photovoltaic mechanism. 