A solar concentrating system including a concentrator operative to track the Sun so as to concentrate incident sunlight on to a focal location, the concentrator including a support structure, and an array of concentrating reflectors mounted on the support structure, wherein at least one of the reflectors is formed with a reflective surface facing the Sun and configured as a concave surface such that the incident sunlight impinging on the reflective surface is reflected on to the focal location, the array of concentrating reflectors being mounted on the support structure in a Fresnel-like reflector arrangement thus defining the concentrator as a Fresnel reflector.
Claims 1. A solar concentrating system comprising: a concentrator operative to track the Sun so as to concentrate incident sunlight on to a focal location, said concentrator including: a support structure; and an array of concentrating reflectors mounted on said support structure, wherein at least one of said reflectors is formed with a reflective surface facing the Sun and configured as a concave surface such that said incident sunlight impinging on said reflective surface is reflected on to said focal location, said array of concentrating reflectors being mounted on said support structure in a Fresnel-like reflector arrangement thus defining said concentrator as a Fresnel reflector. 2. The system according to claim 1 wherein said concave surface is configured as a portion of a paraboloid. 3. The system according to claim 1 wherein said reflective surface may be curved along two axes thereof. 4. The system according to claim 1 wherein said support structure is configured as a space structure and mounting of said array of said concentrating reflectors on said space structure is on an upper surface of said space structure, wherein said upper surface is formed as a generally flat surface. 5. The system according to claim 1 wherein said concentrator is mounted on a base structure. 6. A system according to claim 1 wherein said support structure is formed with protrusions on an upper surface thereof wherein said protrusions are formed with a Fresnel angular dislocation so as to allow said least one of said reflectors to be mounted on said support structure in accordance with said Fresnel angular dislocation of said protrusions. 7. A system according to claim 6 wherein a reflector support is mounted on said protrusions and said least one of said reflectors is mounted on said reflector support. 8. A system according to claim 7 wherein said reflector support comprises aligning screws operative to support said least one of said reflectors thereon. 9. A system according to claim 8 wherein said aligning screws are aligned in accordance with said Fresnel angular dislocation. 10. A system according to claim 9 wherein alignment of said aligning screws is performed by a total station in optical and electrical communication with a prism reflector. 11. A system according to claim 10 wherein said prism reflector is mounted on a jig. 12. A system according to claim 11 wherein said jig is mounted on said reflector support. 13. A system according to claim 1 and comprising a base structure for mounting said support structure thereon, said base structure being placed on a flat surface, said base structure comprising a rotatable portion operative to rotate about a longitudinal axis perpendicular to said flat surface upon a stationary annular portion, thereby allowing said concentrator to track the Sun. 14. A method for arranging a solar concentrating system in a Fresnel-like reflector arrangement comprising: providing a solar concentrating system according to claim 10; measuring an angular inaccuracy of said Fresnel angular dislocation on said aligning screws; rotating said aligning screws to correct said Fresnel angular dislocation, thereby arranging a solar concentrating system in a Fresnel-like reflector arrangement. 15. A method according to claim 14 wherein said measuring is performed by a total station in optical and electrical communication with a prism reflector, said reflector prism mounted on a jig and engaged with said aligning screws via said jig mounted on said reflector support comprising said aligning screws. 16. A solar concentrating system comprising: an array of concentrating reflectors mounted on a support structure, said reflectors being operative to reflect incident sunlight impinging thereon onto a predetermined focal location; a dislocation functionality engaged with at least one of said reflectors for tilting said reflector so as to reflect incident sunlight impinging thereon onto a location other than said predetermined focal location. 17. A system according to claim 16 and wherein said dislocation functionality comprises a piston. 18. A system according to claim 16 wherein a plurality of said reflectors are tilted. 