An odor evacuation system for use in connection with a toilet having a toilet bowl with a rim has an inlet assembly configured for detachable mounting on the rim of the toilet bowl. A nozzle of the inlet assembly has an opening for admitting air from the toilet bowl, the nozzle being configured to fit into a gap between the rim of the toilet bowl and a toilet seat. An outlet assembly is fluidly connected to the inlet assembly. The outlet assembly has an outlet opening, a suction fan positioned upstream from the outlet opening and a filter member mounted upstream of the suction fan for scrubbing air admitted through the inlet assembly of objectionable odors. A flexible conduit is mounted between the inlet assembly and an outlet assembly for directing air from the inlet assembly to the outlet assembly.
Claims 1. An odor evacuation apparatus for use in connection with a toilet having a toilet bowl with a rim, the apparatus comprising: an inlet assembly configured for detachable mounting on the rim of the toilet bowl, the inlet assembly comprising a nozzle having an opening for admitting air from the toilet bowl, said nozzle being configured to fit into a gap between the rim of the toilet bowl and a toilet seat; an outlet assembly operationally connected to the inlet assembly, said outlet assembly comprising an outlet opening, a suction fan positioned upstream from the outlet opening and a filter member mounted upstream of the suction fan; and a flexible conduit mounted between the inlet assembly and an outlet assembly for directing air from the inlet assembly to the outlet assembly. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said outlet assembly further comprises a means for powering the suction fan. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein said means for powering the suction fan comprises a battery mounted in the outlet assembly. 4. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein said means for powering the suction fan comprises a solar panel configured to generate sufficient power suitable for operation of the suction fan. 6. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein said means for powering the suction fan comprises a transformer configured to transform alternate current from a municipal power supply to a current suitable for operation of the suction fan. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said filter member is detachably mounted in said outlet assembly. 8. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said inlet assembly comprises a pressure switch configured for positioning above the rim of the toilet bowl and for activating the suction fan when a person presses on the toilet seat. 9. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a three-way switch operationally connected to the suction fan for activating the suction fan, said three-way switch being movable between "On/off" positions and an "Auto" position. 10. An odor evacuation apparatus for use in connection with a toilet having a toilet bowl with a rim and a toilet seat secured to the rim of the toilet bowl, the apparatus comprising: an inlet assembly configured for detachable mounting on the rim of the toilet bowl, the inlet assembly comprising a nozzle having an opening for admitting air from the toilet bowl, said nozzle being configured to fit into a gap between the rim of the toilet bowl and the toilet seat; an outlet assembly fluidly connected to the inlet assembly, said outlet assembly comprising an outlet opening, a switch-activated suction fan positioned upstream from the outlet opening and a filter member mounted upstream of the suction fan; and a flexible conduit mounted between the inlet assembly and an outlet assembly for directing air from the inlet assembly to the outlet assembly. 11. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein said outlet assembly further comprises a three-way fan activating switch operationally connected to the suction fan, said three-way switch being movable between "On/off" positions and an "Auto" position. 12. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein said inlet assembly comprises a pressure switch configured for positioning above the rim of the toilet bowl and for activating the suction fan when a person presses on the toilet seat. 13. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein said outlet assembly further comprises a means for powering the suction fan. 14. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein said means for powering the suction fan comprises a battery mounted in the outlet assembly. 15. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein said means for powering the suction fan comprises a solar panel configured to generate sufficient power suitable for operation of the suction fan. 16. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein said means for powering the suction fan comprises a transformer configured to transform alternate current from a municipal power supply to a direct current suitable for operation of the suction fan. 17. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein said filter member is detachably mounted in said outlet assembly. 18. A method of eliminating odors from a toilet having a toilet bowl with a rim and a toilet seat secured to the rim of the toilet bowl, comprising the steps: providing an inlet assembly comprising a nozzle having an opening for admitting air from the toilet bowl, said nozzle being configured to fit into a gap between the rim of the toilet bowl and the toilet seat; providing an outlet assembly comprising an outlet opening, a switch-activated suction fan positioned upstream from the outlet opening and a filter member mounted upstream of the suction fan; fluidly connecting the inlet assembly with the outlet assembly by a flexible conduit; detachably mounting the inlet assembly on the rim of the toilet bowl such that the nozzle fits into the gap between the rim of the toilet bowl and the toilet seat; activating the suction fan and directing air from the inlet assembly to the outlet assembly through the flexible conduit and the filter member; and exhausting the filtered air through an outlet opening of the outlet assembly. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein the step of activating the suction fan comprises a step of providing said outlet assembly with a three-way fan-activating switch operationally connected to the suction fan, said three-way switch being movable between "On/off" positions and an "Auto" position. 20. The method of claim 18, wherein the step of activating the suction fan comprises a step of providing said inlet assembly with a pressure switch configured for positioning above the rim of the toilet bowl and activating the suction fan when a person presses on the toilet seat. 21. The method of claim 18, wherein said outlet assembly further comprises a means for powering the suction fan. 22. The method of claim 21, wherein said means for powering the suction fan comprises a battery mounted in the outlet assembly. 23. The method of claim 21, wherein said means for powering the suction fan comprises a solar panel configured to generate sufficient power suitable for operation of the suction fan. 24. The method of claim 21, wherein said means for powering the suction fan comprises a transformer configured to transform alternate current from a municipal power supply to a suitable for operation of the suction fan. 