A photovoltaic cell includes a photovoltaic cell element configured to convert sunlight into electricity, a columnar optical member including an incident surface that the sunlight enters, a side surface by which the sunlight is reflected, and an irradiation surface through which the sunlight is brought to the photovoltaic cell element, and a holder configured to hold the columnar optical member. The holder includes an abutting portion configured to face and abut the columnar optical member, and a non-abutting portion located away from the columnar optical member.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic cell comprising: a photovoltaic cell element configured to convert sunlight into electricity; a columnar optical member including an incident surface that the sunlight enters, a side surface by which the sunlight is reflected, and an irradiation surface through which the sunlight is brought to the photovoltaic cell element; and a holder configured to hold the columnar optical member, wherein a facing portion that is faced the columnar optical member of the holder includes an abutting portion configured to abut the columnar optical member, and a non-abutting portion located away from the columnar optical member. 2. The photovoltaic cell according to claim 1, wherein a facing surface that is faced the columnar optical member of the holder includes a holding surface configured to hold a side surface of the columnar optical member, and a side surface exposing recess configured to expose the side surface of the columnar optical member. 3. The photovoltaic cell according to claim 2, wherein the side surface of the columnar optical member includes a flat surface, and the side surface exposing recess includes a position facing a middle portion of the flat surface. 4. The photovoltaic cell according to claim 1, wherein the facing portion that is faced the columnar optical member of the holder includes a corner holder configured to hold a corner of the columnar optical member, and a side surface exposing recess configured to expose the side surface of the columnar optical member. 5. The photovoltaic cell according to claim 1, comprising: a receiving substrate on which the photovoltaic cell element is mounted, wherein the holder includes an abutting frame configured to abut the columnar optical member, a support located away from the columnar optical member and configured to support the abutting frame, and a support mounting member located away from the photovoltaic cell element and configured to mount the support on the receiving substrate. 6. The photovoltaic cell according to claim 5, wherein the abutting frame is in the shape of a rectangle corresponding to the side surface of the columnar optical member, and the holding surface is extended in a thickness direction of the abutting frame to a position that allows the holding surface to support a gravity center of the columnar optical member. 7. The photovoltaic cell according to claim 5, wherein the abutting frame is in the shape of a rectangle corresponding to the side surface of the columnar optical member, the support is in the shape of a column extending from the abutting frame, and the support mounting member is extended from the support in parallel with a mounting surface of the receiving substrate and in a direction away from the photovoltaic cell element while abutting the receiving substrate, is diagonally deflected with respect to a crossing line intersecting a side of the photovoltaic cell element at middle thereof at a right angle, is arranged at a position rotationally symmetric about a center point of the photovoltaic cell element, and is fastened to the receiving substrate. 8. The photovoltaic cell according to claim 1, wherein the side surface of the columnar optical member is sloped so that the sunlight entering the incident surface is totally reflected toward the irradiation surface, and the incident surface of the columnar optical member is a size to accommodate within the incident surface an incident surface light flux region formed in the incident surface by a light flux region formed by the sunlight. 9. The photovoltaic cell according to claim 8, wherein the side surface of the columnar optical member is sloped by 8-20 degrees with respect to a direction normal to the irradiation surface. 10. The photovoltaic cell according to claim 1, wherein the irradiation surface of the columnar optical member is a size to be accommodated within the photovoltaic cell element. 11. The photovoltaic cell according to claim 1, wherein the columnar optical member and the holder are arranged so that a smallest light flux region that is a smallest of light flux regions formed by the sunlight is located closer to the incident surface of the columnar optical member than a side closer to the photovoltaic cell element of the holder. 12. A condensing photovoltaic module comprising: the photovoltaic cell according to claim 1; and a condensing lens configured to condense sunlight and bring the condensed sunlight to the photovoltaic cell. 13. The condensing photovoltaic module according to claim 12, wherein a smallest light flux region that is a smallest of light flux regions formed by the sunlight is located within the columnar optical member. 14. The condensing photovoltaic module according to claim 12, wherein the photovoltaic cell includes a receiving substrate on which the photovoltaic cell element is mounted, the holder includes an abutting frame configured to abut the columnar optical member, a support located away from the columnar optical member and configured to support the abutting frame, and a support mounting member located away from the photovoltaic cell element and configured to mount the support on the receiving substrate, and the abutting frame is thick enough to block an outer peripheral region of a long wavelength light flux region formed by a long wavelength portion of the sunlight. 15. The condensing photovoltaic module according to claim 12, wherein an intermittent tracking control is performed to move a position of the photovoltaic cell to a destination of the sun on the sun's orbit ahead of the sun at predetermined intervals, and an incident surface light flux region formed in the incident surface of the columnar optical member is located within the incident surface of the columnar optical member. 16. A method for manufacturing a photovoltaic cell, wherein the photovoltaic cell includes: a photovoltaic cell element configured to convert sunlight into electricity; a receiving substrate on which the photovoltaic cell element is mounted; a columnar optical member including an incident surface that the sunlight enters, a side surface by which the sunlight is reflected, and an irradiation surface through that the sunlight is brought to the photovoltaic cell element; and a holder configured to hold the columnar optical member, wherein the holder includes an abutting frame configured to abut the columnar optical member, a support located away from the columnar optical member and configured to support the abutting frame, and a support mounting member located away from the photovoltaic cell element and configured to mount the support on the receiving substrate, the method comprises: a substrate preparing step of preparing the receiving substrate on which the photovoltaic cell element is mounted; a resin confining member forming step of applying an adhesive resin to the receiving substrate, forming an inner resin confining adhesive member into inside of which a translucent resin for encapsulating the photovoltaic cell element is injected, and attaching an resin confining member configured to prevent leakage of the translucent resin to the inner resin confining adhesive member; a support temporarily fixing step of positioning and temporarily fixing the holder and the receiving substrate to each other; a translucent resin injecting step of injecting the translucent resin into inside of the resin confining member; a columnar optical member mounting step of causing the columnar optical member to abut the abutting frame to mount the irradiation surface on the translucent resin; a resin sealing member forming step of curing the translucent resin to form the a resin sealing member; and a holder fastening step of fastening the support mounting member to the receiving substrate. 17. The photovoltaic cell manufacturing method according to claim 16, wherein a facing portion that is faced the columnar optical member of an abutting frame of the holder includes a holding surface configured to hold a side surface of the columnar optical member, and a side surface exposing recess configured to expose the side surface of the columnar optical member. 