A lamp mounting apparatus includes a base, an adjusting portion, and an assembling portion. The adjusting portion includes a first end pivotably connected to the base, and a second end. The assembling portion is pivotably connected to the second end. The assembling portion is configured to have a lamp mounted thereon, and the assembling portion is capable of moving relative to the base by adjusting the adjusting portion.
Claims 1. A lamp mounting apparatus, comprising: a base; an adjusting portion, the adjusting portion comprising a first end pivotably connected to the base, and a second end; and an assembling portion pivotably connected to the second end, the assembling portion configured to have a lamp mounted thereon; wherein the assembling portion is capable of moving relative to the base in a first direction by adjusting the adjusting portion. 2. The lamp mounting apparatus of claim 1, wherein the adjusting portion comprises a first adjusting part and a second adjusting part; and the first adjusting part pivotably connected between the base and the second adjusting part, and the second adjusting part pivotably connected between the first adjusting part and the assembling portion. 3. The lamp mounting apparatus of claim 2, wherein the base is disposed between the adjusting portion and the assembling portion when the lamp mounting apparatus is in a folded state. 4. The lamp mounting apparatus of claim 3, wherein the first adjusting part is disposed between the second adjusting part and the base. 5. The lamp mounting apparatus of claim 2, wherein the base comprises two first pivoting portions, and the first adjusting part comprises a first rotating portion pivotably connected between the two first pivoting portions. 6. The lamp mounting apparatus of claim 5, wherein the assembling portion comprises two second pivoting portions, and the second adjusting part comprises a second rotating portion pivotably connected between the two second pivoting portions. 7. The lamp mounting apparatus of claim 6, wherein the two second pivoting portions are disposed between the two first pivoting portions when the lamp mounting apparatus is in a folded state. 8. The lamp mounting apparatus of claim 2, wherein the first adjusting part or the second adjusting part is a panel-shaped. 9. The lamp mounting apparatus of claim 1, wherein the base comprises a hollow portion configured to receive the adjusting portion when the lamp mounting apparatus is in a folded state. 10. The lamp mounting apparatus of claim 1, wherein the assembling portion comprises a solar cell panel. 11. The lamp mounting apparatus of claim 1, wherein the base defines an inclining portion, and the assembling portion defines a mounting portion at a free end of the assembling portion configured to mount the lamp. 12. The lamp mounting apparatus of claim 11, wherein the assembling portion defines a mounting space configured to receive the lamp. 13. A lamp assembly comprising: a lamp; and a lamp mounting apparatus, the lamp mounting apparatus comprising: a base; an adjusting portion, the adjusting portion comprising a first end pivotably connected to the base, and a second end; and an assembling portion pivotably connected to the second end, the assembling portion configured to have the lamp mounted thereon; wherein the assembling portion is capable of moving relative to the base when the adjusting portion is rotated relative to the assembling portion or the base. 14. The lamp assembly of claim 13, wherein the assembling portion is capable of moving relative to the base in a first direction substantially parallel to the base or a second direction substantially perpendicular to the first direction. 15. The lamp assembly of claim 13, wherein the adjusting portion comprises a first adjusting part and a second adjusting part; and the first adjusting part pivotably connected between the base and the second adjusting part, and the second adjusting part pivotably connected between the first adjusting part and the assembling portion. 16. The lamp assembly of claim 15, wherein the base is disposed between the adjusting portion and the assembling portion when the lamp mounting apparatus is in a folded state. 17. The lamp assembly of claim 15, wherein the base comprises two first pivoting portions, and the first adjusting part comprises a first rotating portion pivotably connected between the two first pivoting portions; the assembling portion comprises two second pivoting portions, and the second adjusting part comprises a second rotating portion pivotably connected between the two second pivoting portions. 18. The lamp assembly of claim 13, wherein the base defines an inclining portion, and the assembling portion defines a mounting portion at a free end of the assembling portion configured to mount the lamp. 19. The lamp assembly of claim 18, wherein the assembling portion defines a mounting space configured to receive the lamp. 