Embodiments of the invention contemplate the formation of a solar cell module comprising an array of interconnected solar cells that are formed using an automated processing sequence that is used to form a novel solar cell interconnect structure. In one embodiment, the module structure described herein includes a patterned adhesive layer that is disposed on a backsheet to receive and bond a plurality of patterned conducting ribbons thereon. The bonded conducting ribbons are then used to interconnect an array of solar cell devices to form a solar cell module that can be electrically connected to external components that can receive the solar cell module's generated electricity.
Claims 1. A solar cell module, comprising: a backsheet having a mounting surface; a patterned adhesive layer comprising a plurality of adhesive regions that are disposed on the mounting surface; a plurality of patterned conductive ribbons that are disposed over the formed adhesive regions; a patterned interlayer dielectric material disposed over the patterned conductive ribbon and mounting surface; and a plurality of solar cells that are disposed over the patterned conductive ribbons to form an interconnected solar cell array, wherein each of the plurality of solar cells is electrically connected to a portion of a patterned conductive ribbon by use of a conductive material. 2. The solar cell module of claim 1, wherein the backsheet comprises a material selected from a group consisting of polyethylene terephthalate (PET), polyvinyl fluoride (PVF) and polyethylene. 3. The solar cell module of claim 2, wherein the backsheet further comprises a vapor barrier. 4. The solar cell module of claim 1, wherein the patterned adhesive layer comprises a UV curable pressure sensitive adhesive. 5. The solar cell module of claim 4, wherein the patterned adhesive layer is applied to the mounting surface by a screen printing or ink jet printing process. 6. The solar cell module of claim 1, wherein the plurality of patterned conductive ribbons has a non-linear shape. 7. The solar cell module of claim 1, wherein the plurality of patterned conductive ribbons comprise a layer of tin disposed over a copper containing material, or a layer of nickel disposed over an aluminum containing material 8. A method of forming a solar cell device, comprising: depositing a patterned adhesive layer on a mounting surface of a backsheet, wherein the patterned adhesive layer forms a plurality of adhesive regions on the mounting surface; disposing a patterned conductive ribbon over each of the formed adhesive regions; depositing a patterned interlayer dielectric layer over the patterned conductive ribbons and the mounting surface, wherein the patterned interlayer dielectric layer has one or more vias formed over each of the patterned conductive ribbons; depositing a conductive material in the formed vias; and disposing a plurality of solar cells over the conductive material disposed in the vias to form an interconnected solar cell array. 9. The method of claim 8, wherein the patterned adhesive layer is applied to the mounting surface by a screen printing or ink jet printing process. 10. The method of claim 8, further comprising: disposing an encapsulant and a glass sheet over the plurality of solar cells; and laminating the glass sheet and encapsulant to interconnected solar cell array, wherein the process of laminating the glass sheet and encapsulant to interconnected solar cell array is used to cure the patterned adhesive layer. 11. The method of claim 8, wherein each of the patterned conductive ribbons is coupled an n-type region formed in a first adjacent solar cell and a p-type region in a second adjacent solar cell. 