In a solar cell evaluation device 1, a spectral sensitivity P(.lamda.) of a solar cell 2, which is a measurement object, is measured in advance. When the solar cell 2 is evaluated, a spectral irradiance L (.lamda.) of illumination light is measured, generated power EL of the solar cell 2 that is generated with the illumination light is measured, and the measured generated power EL of the solar cell 2 is converted into generated power ES generated by the solar cell 2 in the case of illumination with illumination light with a spectral irradiance S(.lamda.) based on the reference solar light. Therefore, since the calibration in the solar cell evaluation device 1 is performed with software, the calibration can be performed in a simple manner and at a low cost even when the solar cell type is changed.
Claims 1. A solar cell evaluation device comprising: an illumination unit that illuminates a solar cell that is a measurement object with light simulating predetermined reference solar light as illumination light; a spectral irradiance measurement unit that measures a spectral irradiance L (.lamda.) by monitoring a spectrum and an irradiance of the illumination light; a power measurement unit that measures generated power of the solar cell illuminated with the illumination light; and a calculation unit that converts generated power EL of the solar cell measured by the power measurement unit by illuminating the solar cell having a spectral sensitivity P(.lamda.) that has been measured in advance with the illumination light into generated power ES generated by the solar cell in the case of illumination with illumination light with a spectral irradiance S(.lamda.) based on the reference solar light. 2. The solar cell evaluation device according to claim 1, wherein the calculation device converts the generated power EL of the solar cell into the generated power ES of the solar cell by using ES=EL{.intg.S(.lamda.)P(.lamda.)d.lamda.}/{.intg.L(.lamda.)P(.lamda.)d.la- mda.}. 3. The solar cell evaluation device according to claim 1, further comprising a spectral light source capable of performing bright line illumination of the solar cell that is the measurement object, wherein the calculation unit takes a measurement result obtained by measurements in the power measurement unit as the spectral sensitivity P(.lamda.) of the solar cell by performing the bright light illumination of the solar cell by the spectral light source. 4. The solar cell evaluation device according to claim 1, wherein the spectral sensitivity P(.lamda.) of the solar cell is measured in advance by a spectral sensitivity meter that measures a spectral sensitivity and the measured spectral sensitivity is set in the calculation unit. 5. A solar cell evaluation method comprising: a step of acquiring a spectral sensitivity P(.lamda.) of the solar cell; a step of measuring a spectral irradiance L(.lamda.) from a spectrum and an irradiance of light simulating predetermined reference solar light and generated as illumination light; a step of illuminating the solar cell with the illumination light and measuring generated power EL of the solar cell; and a step of converting the obtained generated power EL into generated power ES generated by the solar cell in the case of illumination with illumination light with a spectral irradiance S(.lamda.) based on the reference solar light from the spectral sensitivity P(.lamda.) of the solar cell and the spectral irradiance L (.lamda.) of the illumination light. 