A roadway system is described, consisting of enhance, smart pavement markers. These smart pavement markers contain elements such as motion sensors, solar cells, radio receiver/transmitters, active lighting and processing capability. These markers can be configured in many ways, including as vehicle speed sensors, and information display systems. Such pavement marker systems can be installed with little or no roadway infrastructure preparation and may be useful for traffic data collection, law enforcement, and vehicle safety applications.
Claims 1. A vehicle speed sensing system comprising; at least one smart pavement marker sensor unit, comprising a pavement marker body, a solar cell, a radio unit, a battery, battery charging circuit, and at least one component of a motion sensor, and a control unit; wherein, the pavement marker is arranged adjacent to vehicle traffic on a road, and is adapted, to sense the passage of a vehicle and thereby calculate the vehicle speed and transmit information related to the vehicle speed by radio; and, at least one component disposed to receive the vehicle speed information and take action in response to the speed information. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein the motion sensor comprises an optical emitter and receiver. 3. The system of claim 2 wherein the emitter and receiver are integrated into a single unit 4. The system of claim 2 wherein the optical motion detection is accomplished using a pair of markers, one having an emitter and the other a receiver, and the pairs are arranged across the vehicle traffic pathway. 5. The system of claim 1 wherein the speed information is transmitted if the vehicle is exceeding the speed limit. 6. The system of claim 5 wherein the vehicle speed information component comprises a plurality of a second type of smart pavement marker, comprising a pavement marker body, a solar cell, a radio unit, a battery and charger, a visible light source, and a control unit, wherein the second markers are arranged farther down the vehicle path from the first set, in the field of view of the driver, and in response to radio communication from the first set, provide a visual alert to the vehicle of excessive speed. 7. The system of claim 1 wherein the motion detector is an RF ranging device. 8. The system of claim 1 wherein the motion detector is an RF UWB device. 9. The system of claim 1 wherein the motion detector is an acoustic device. 10. The system of claim 1 wherein the motion detector is a magnetic device. 11. The system of claim 1 wherein the motion detector is a load sensing device. 12. A vehicle speed sensing system comprising; at least one smart sensor unit, comprising a solar cell, a radio unit, a battery and charger, at least one component of a motion sensor, and a control unit; wherein, the sensor unit is arranged adjacent to vehicle traffic on a road, and is adapted, to sense the passage of a vehicle to thereby calculate the vehicle speed and transmit information related to the vehicle speed by radio; and at least one component disposed to receive the vehicle speed information and take action in response to the speed information. 13. The system of claim 12 wherein the motion detector is an RF ranging device. 14. The system of claim 12 wherein the motion detector is an RF UWB device. 15. The system of claim 12 wherein the motion detector an acoustic device. 16. The system of claim 12 wherein the motion detector is a magnetic device. 17. The system of claim 13 wherein the motion detector is a load sensing device. 18. The system of claim 13 wherein the motion detector is an optical device. 19. A method for monitoring and reporting traffic flow at a plurality of locations, comprising; installing solar powered, intelligent, wireless-communications-enabled vehicle speed sensing systems at each monitored location, computing and updating a parameter of traffic flow based on monitored vehicle speed at each location and, accessing the parameter through the wireless communications link. 20. The method of claim 19 wherein the parameter is average vehicle speed. 