A cooling container comprises a container housing with a chilled water storage tank including a first interface for receiving chilled water. The chilled water tank has a plurality of straight pipes joined by elbows connections to provide a folded path, the full path length being greater than the length of the container housing, and a second interface for outputting the chilled water. A number of interfaces within the container housing are configured to receive a chiller module or a free cool unit.
Claims 1-16. (canceled) 17. A data center enclosure comprising: a shipping container for housing electronic equipment enclosures, the equipment enclosures installed in the interior of the container to form a row along the length of the container and configured to allow gas to pass through the enclosures from a first region to cool electronic equipment and allow electronic equipment to expel heated gas to a second region; an exhaust opening in the container in the second region to allow heated gas to vent to the atmosphere; a cooling module configured to mount to the container and draw gas from the atmosphere, cool the gas, and supply the cool gas to the first region. 18. A data center enclosure of claim 17 further comprising: an exhaust module coupled to the exhaust opening, the exhaust module including a fan to draw heated gas from the second region and vent the heated gas to the atmosphere. 19. A data center enclosure of claim 18 wherein the exhaust module further includes a screen to prevent debris and animals from entering the container. 20. A data center enclosure of claim 18 wherein the cooling module is configured to receive cold water from an external source to cool the gas. 21. A data center enclosure of claim 20 wherein the external source is one of a pond, cooling tower, chiller, or geothermal well. 22. A data center enclosure of claim 18 further comprising a control system configured to monitor an air temperature to control fan operation speed and to control the cooling module. 23. A data center enclosure of claim 22 wherein the air temperatures is one of ambient air temperature, first region air temperature, or second region air temperature. 24. A data center enclosure of claim 22 further comprising: a DC power source configured to provide power to the fan and control system. 25. A data center enclosure of claim 24 wherein the DC power source is one of a solar power inverter system, a wind turbine, or a battery. 26-33. (canceled) 