This invention relates to a type of solar energy photo-voltaic power generation equipment that can automatically track the sun. This device includes a pedestal installed on a mounting platform. On the pedestal, a main support frame is provided. On the support frame, a solar cell panel platform is provided. On this platform, a solar energy photo-voltaic assembly is installed. The pedestal is connected to the mounting platform and can rotate relative to the mounting platform. On the pedestal, a circumferentially driven planet reduction gear is installed. On the main support frame, a platform elevation angle adjustment lifter is installed. The end of the telescopic link on the lifter is hinged to the solar cell panel platform. The circumferentially driven planet reduction gear and platform elevation angle adjustment lifter are connected to an electric control device.
Claims 1-9. (canceled) 10. A type of photo-voltaic power generation equipment that can automatically track the sun, comprising: a pedestal installed on mounting platform; a main support frame installed on the pedestal; a solar cell panel platform installed on the main support frame; and a solar energy photo-voltaic assembly installed on the solar cell panel platform, wherein the pedestal is connected to and rotates relative to the mounting platform, and a pedestal circumferentially driven planet reduction gear is installed on the pedestal; the main support frame includes left and right main support arms, upper ends of the left and right main support arms are hinged to the solar cell panel platform and lower ends of the left and right main support arms are fixed on the pedestal, forming a "V" type structure having an angle of 110.degree. to 130.degree.; between the left and right main support arms is a cross beam on which a platform elevation angle adjustment lifter is fixed; an end of a telescopic link of the lifter is hinged to the solar cell panel platform, hinge points of the main support arms are above the pedestal, and these hinges points are not on the same straight line with the hinge point of the telescopic link; the pedestal circumferentially driven planet reduction gear and the platform elevation angle adjustment lifter are connected to an electric control device. 11. The photo-voltaic power generation equipment that can automatically track the sun of claim 10, wherein the pedestal comprises a rotor disc bearing fixed on a mounting platform and a rotor disc cover that can rotate circumferentially inside the rotor disc bearing; an internal gear is provided on the rotor disc bearing, a pedestal circumferentially driving motor is installed on the rotor disc bearing cover, and an output end of the pedestal circumferentially driven planet reduction gear is provided with a planet gear, which engages the internal gear on the rotor disc bearing. 12. The photo-voltaic power generation equipment that can automatically track the sun of claim 10, wherein the main support arms include at least two left arms and two right arms installed and fixed symmetrically. 13. The photo-voltaic power generation equipment that can automatically track the sun of claim 12, wherein the main support arms at each side are installed in the shape of ".LAMBDA.", the upper ends of the main support arms are combined and hinged to the solar cell panel platform, and their lower ends are fixed on an outer circumference of pedestal. 14. The photo-voltaic power generation equipment that can automatically track the sun of claim 10, wherein at a middle part of the main support frame, an auxiliary support frame is provided and includes four auxiliary support arms; upper ends of the auxiliary support arms are combined and hinged to the solar cell panel platform, these hinged points are on the same straight line with hinged points of the main support arms, and lower ends of auxiliary support arms are fixed on the pedestal; the cross beam is installed and fixed at one side of the auxiliary support arms. 15. The photo-voltaic power generation equipment that can automatically track the sun of claim 10, wherein a buffering air spring is provided at the hinge between the main support arms and the solar cell panel platform. 16. The photo-voltaic power generation equipment that can automatically track the sun of claim 10, wherein an included angle between a moving direction of the telescopic link and a horizontal direction is 60.degree. to 80.degree.. 17. The photo-voltaic power generation equipment that can automatically track the sun of claim 10, wherein an adjustment range of an elevation angle of the solar cell panel platform is 0.degree. to 55.degree.. 18. The photo-voltaic power generation equipment that can automatically track the sun of claim 10, wherein a circumferential rotation angle of the pedestal is 360.degree.. 19. The photo-voltaic power generation equipment that can automatically track the sun of claim 13, wherein the main support arms at each side is installed in the shape of ".LAMBDA." with an angle of 17.degree. to 25.degree.. 