Debris removal systems and methods are operable to remove debris, such as snow, from a surface. An exemplary embodiment has a wiper blade configured to remove debris from a surface in response to a movement of the wiper blade; a spring coupled to the wiper blade, wherein the spring is configured to store potential energy as the spring is biased from a relaxed position to a biased position; and a motor coupled to the spring, wherein the motor is configured to convert received electrical power into mechanical power that biases the spring. The spring is released from the biased position to release the stored potential energy as the spring returns to the relaxed position. The released potential energy from the spring is converted to mechanical energy that moves the wiper blade.
Claims 1. A method for removing debris, the method comprising: converting received electrical power to an electromechanical force; biasing at least one spring from a relaxed position to a biased position using the electromechanical force; releasing the spring from the biased position to the relaxed position; and moving a wiper blade using energy released by the spring moving from the biased position to the released position, wherein the debris accumulated on a surface is dislodged by the moving wiper blade. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising: generating the electrical power, wherein the generated electrical power is generated using at least one of a low voltage and a low current that is insufficient to move the wiper blade on a substantially real time basis. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein after the biasing and prior to the releasing, the method further comprising: restraining the at least one spring when the spring is biased to the biased position. 4. The method of claim 3, wherein the restraining is performed by a motor that converts the received power to the electromechanical force. 5. The method of claim 3, wherein the restraining comprises: latching a spring latch device to restrain the at least one spring, and wherein releasing the at least one spring comprises: unlatching the spring latch device. 6. The method of claim 1, further comprising: monitoring a condition, wherein the releasing of the at least one spring occurs when the monitored condition reaches a threshold value. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein after the biasing and prior to the releasing, the method further comprising: receiving a control signal at an interface device, wherein releasing of the spring occurs in response to the received control signal. 8. The method of claim 7, wherein the control signal corresponds to a manual actuation of a cord by a user. 9. The method of claim 7, wherein the control signal is an electronic signal received from a remote device. 10. A debris removal system, comprising: a wiper blade configured to remove debris from a surface in response to a movement of the wiper blade; a spring coupled to the wiper blade, wherein the spring is configured to store potential energy as the spring is biased from a relaxed position to a biased position; and a motor coupled to the spring, wherein the motor is configured to convert received electrical power into mechanical power that biases the spring, wherein the spring is released from the biased position to release the stored potential energy as the spring returns to the relaxed position, and wherein the released potential energy from the spring is converted to mechanical energy that moves the wiper blade. 11. The debris removal system of claim 10, further comprising: an interface device communicatively coupled to the spring, wherein the interface device is configured to receive an electrical control signal, where in response to receiving the electrical control signal, the spring is released. 12. The debris removal system of claim 11, wherein the interface receives the electrical control signal from a remote device. 13. The debris removal system of claim 11, wherein the interface is a mechanical device coupled to a cord, where in response to actuation of the cord by a person, the spring is released from the biased position. 14. The debris removal system of claim 10, further comprising: a spring latch device coupled between the spring and the wiper blade, wherein the spring latch device latches the spring in the biased position, and wherein the spring latch device releases the spring from the biased position. 15. The debris removal system of claim 10, wherein the motor retains the spring in the biased position, and wherein the motor releases the spring from the biased position. 16. The debris removal system of claim 10, further comprising: a power source coupled to the motor and configured to provide the electrical power, wherein the electrical power is provided using at least one of a low voltage and a low current that is insufficient to move the wiper blade on a substantially real time basis. 17. The debris removal system of claim 16, wherein the power source is a solar cell array. 18. The debris removal system of claim 10, further comprising: a wiper rotor coupler coupled to the spring and configured to convert the released potential energy from the spring into the mechanical energy; and a wiper rotor coupled between the wiper rotor coupler and the wiper blade, wherein the mechanical energy rotates the wiper rotor to move the wiper blade. 19. A method for removing debris from an antenna, the method comprising: storing power at a power source; converting the stored electrical power to an electromechanical force using a motor; and moving a wiper blade over a surface of the antenna using the electromechanical force, wherein the debris accumulated on the surface is dislodged by the moving wiper blade. 20. The method of claim 19, further comprising: receiving the power source from a renewable energy source. 