A bear trap comprising a trap door, a housing that is large enough to enclose a bear and bait, a bait arm, a first computer, a first temperature sensor located inside the housing, and a camera. When a bear enters the trap and pulls on the bait on the bait arm, the trap door descends. The first computer allows a user to lift the trap door remotely from anywhere in the world via a second computer or device with Internet access. The first computer and first temperature sensor allow a user to monitor temperature inside the housing from anywhere in the world via a second computer or device with Internet access. The first computer and camera allow a user to view a bear inside the housing from anywhere in the world via a second computer or device with Internet access. The first computer preferably connects to the Internet via satellite.
Claims 1. A bear trap comprising: (a) a trap door; (b) a housing that is large enough to enclose a bear and bear bait; (c) a bait arm; (d) a first computer; (e) a first temperature sensor located inside the housing; and (f) a camera; wherein the bait is attached to the bait arm; wherein when a bear enters the trap and pulls on the bait on the bait arm, the trap door descends; wherein the first computer allows a user to lift the trap door remotely from anywhere in the world via a second computer with Internet access; wherein the first computer and the first temperature sensor allow a user to monitor temperature inside the housing from anywhere in the world via a second computer with Internet access; and wherein the first computer and the camera allow a user to view a bear inside the housing from anywhere in the world via a second computer with Internet access. 2. The bear trap of claim 1, wherein a cable connects the trap door to a winch, and wherein the first computer allows a user to arm the trap door by lifting the trap door and letting out the cable remotely from anywhere in the world via a second computer with Internet access. 3. The bear trap of claim 1, wherein the first computer connects to the Internet via satellite. 4. The bear trap of claim 1, wherein the bear trap is powered by solar panels. 5. The bear trap of claim 1, further comprising a first magnetic sensor, a second magnetic sensor and a magnet, wherein a first plate is situated directly behind the trap door when the trap door is in a closed position, wherein the first plate has a top end and a bottom end, wherein the first magnetic sensor is located on the bottom end of the first plate, wherein the second magnetic sensor is located on the top end of the first plate, wherein the trap door has a bottom end, and wherein the magnet is located on the bottom end of the trap door. 6. The bear trap of claim 1, wherein the first computer is located inside of an electronics box, further comprising a second temperature sensor that is located inside the electronics box, wherein the first computer and the second temperature sensor allow a user to monitor temperature inside the electronics box remotely from anywhere in the world via a second computer with Internet access. 7. The bear trap of claim 1, further comprising a third temperature sensor that measures ambient temperature in the vicinity of the bear trap, wherein the first computer and the third temperature sensor allow a user to monitor ambient temperature in the vicinity of the bear trap remotely from anywhere in the world via a second computer with Internet access. 8. The bear trap of claim 1, further comprising a visible spectrum light and an infrared light, wherein the first computer allows a user to turn the visible spectrum light and the infrared light on and off remotely from anywhere in the world via a second computer with Internet access. 9. The bear trap of claim 1, further comprising a visible spectrum light and an infrared light, wherein the lights are turned on and off automatically based on pre-programmed settings. 10. The bear trap of claim 1, further comprising at least one food trough and at least one water trough inside the housing. 11. The bear trap of claim 1, wherein the bait arm has a bottom end, further comprising a shuttle piece that is connected to the bait arm and that causes the trap door to be maintained in an open position until and unless a bear pulls the bottom end of the bait arm rearward toward the trap door. 12. The bear trap of claim 1, wherein the trap door slides up and down on two vertical tracks, further comprising a bat wing that is attached to one of the vertical tracks and that maintains the trap door in an open or closed position. 13. The bear trap of claim 1, further comprising an actuator that maintains the trap door in an open or closed position when the retractor is extended. 14. The bear trap of claim 1, wherein a cable connects the trap door to a winch, further comprising a winch control switch that allows the winch to be operated either locally or remotely via the Internet. 15. The bear trap of claim 14, wherein if the winch is operated locally, it is operated via a tethered winch control switch. 16. The bear trap of claim 14, wherein if the winch is operated locally, it is operated via a wireless remote winch control. 17. The bear trap of claim 1, wherein the housing comprises ventilation holes. 18. A bear trap comprising: (a) a trap door; (b) a housing that is large enough to enclose a bear and bear bait; (c) a bait arm; (d) a computer; (e) a temperature sensor located inside the housing; and (f) a camera; wherein the bait is attached to the bait arm; wherein when a bear enters the trap and pulls on the bait on the bait arm, the trap door descends; wherein the computer allows a user to lift the trap door remotely from anywhere in the world via a device with Internet access; wherein the computer and the temperature sensor allow a user to monitor the temperature inside the housing from anywhere in the world via a device with Internet access; and wherein the computer and the camera allow a user to view a bear inside the housing from anywhere in the world via a device with Internet access. 19. The bear trap of claim 18, wherein the computer allows a user to arm the trap door by lifting the trap door and letting out a cable that connects the trap door to a winch remotely from anywhere in the world via a device with Internet access. 