The invention discloses a high-voltage direct-current uninterruptible power supply system configured to be connected to a plurality of power sources. The uninterruptible power supply system according to the invention includes a plurality of power modules, each of which is connected to a power source for receiving an input power from the power source connected thereto and converting the input power into a direct-current output power, a control module connected to the power modules through communication lines for managing the power modules, and a power distribution unit connected to a DC voltage bus for relaying the direct-current output power to a plurality of electronic devices.
Claims 1. A high-voltage direct-current uninterruptible supply system configured to be connected to a plurality of power sources, comprising: a plurality of power modules, each of which is connected to a power source for receiving an input power from the power source connected thereto and converting the input power into a direct-current output power; a control module connected to the power modules through communication lines for monitoring the operating status of the power modules and controlling the power output of the power modules; and a power distribution unit connected to a DC voltage bus for relaying the direct-current output power to a plurality of electronic loads. 2. The high-voltage direct-current uninterruptible power supply system according to claim 1 wherein the power sources include natural-energy power generators or renewable-energy power generators. 3. The high-voltage direct-current uninterruptible power supply system according to claim 2 wherein the power sources include a solar power generator, a fuel cell power generator, and a wind power generator. 4. The high-voltage direct-current uninterruptible power supply system according to claim 3 wherein the power sources include a utility AC power source. 5. The high-voltage direct-current uninterruptible power supply system according to claim 1 wherein the power module includes a DC-DC converter or an AC-DC converter for converting the input power into a direct-current output power. 6. The high-voltage direct-current uninterruptible power supply system according to claim 1 wherein the control module is further connected to the power distribution unit for monitoring the operating status of the electronic loads, thereby enabling the control module to monitor the operating status of the power modules and manage the power output of the power modules according to the operating status of the electronic loads. 7. The high-voltage direct-current uninterruptible power supply system according to claim 1 further comprising a battery module connected to the DC voltage bus for storing energy and releasing energy stored therein to the DC voltage bus in the event that the power modules fail to receive input power from the power sources. 8. The high-voltage direct-current uninterruptible power supply system according to claim 1 wherein the electronic loads includes data centers including a plurality of servers. 9. A high-voltage direct-current uninterruptible supply system, comprising: a plurality of power modules comprising at least one primary power module and at least one secondary power module, wherein the primary power module is connected to a natural-energy power generator or renewable-energy power generator for receiving an input power from the natural-energy power generator or renewable-energy power generator connected thereto and converting the input power into a direct-current output power, and the secondary power module is connected to a utility AC power source for receiving an input power from the utility AC power source connected thereto and converting the input power into a direct-current output power; a DC voltage bus connected to plural output terminals of the power modules for receiving the direct-current output power; and a control module connected to the power modules through communication lines for monitoring the operating status of the power modules and controlling the power output of the power modules. 10. The high-voltage direct-current uninterruptible power supply system according to claim 9 wherein the natural-energy power generator or renewable-energy power generator is served as a main power source and the utility AC input power source is served as an auxiliary power source by the controlling of the control module. 