Energy management of an electronic device using multiple electric power sources. The electric power sources may include a parasitic electric power source, a rechargeable electric power source, an intermittent electric power source, and a continuous electric power source. The electronic device further may include a power supply for receiving the electric power from the source(s) and supplying electric power to the various components of the electronic device that require power. The electronic device may include a source selector for controlling which power source supplies electric power to the power supply. Energy management of the electronic device may be configured to use a permanently exhaustible power source such as a battery only when other power sources are unavailable.
Claims 1. A power management system for an electronic device, comprising: a parasitic electric power source comprising a parasitic electrical connection to an electric power conductor; a continuous electric power source; and, a power supply in electrical communication with the parasitic electric power source and the continuous electric power source for supplying electric power to the electronic device. 2. The power management system of claim 1, wherein the parasitic electric power source comprises inductive coupling with the electric power conductor. 3. The power management system of claim 1, wherein the parasitic electric power source comprises capacitive coupling with the electric power conductor. 4. The power management system of claim 1, wherein the continuous electric power source comprises one selected from the group consisting of: an internal battery; an external battery; another electronic device; and combinations thereof. 5. The power management system of claim 4, wherein the battery is internal to the electronic device. 6. The power management system of claim 5, wherein the battery is external to the electronic device. 7. The power management system of claim 1, further comprising a power source selector configured to select between the parasitic and continuous power source for providing electrical power to the electronic device. 8. The power management system of claim 7, wherein the power source selector is configured to select the parasitic power source unless the electric power provided by the parasitic power source is inadequate. 9. The power management system of claim 1, further comprising a rechargeable power source. 10. The power management system of claim 9, wherein the rechargeable power source comprises at least one selected from the group consisting of: a rechargeable battery; a capacitor; a supercapacitor; and combinations thereof. 11. The power management system of claim 1, further comprising an intermittent power source selected from the group consisting of: a photovoltaic cell; a thermo-electric generator; a piezoelectric generator; a wind turbine; a pyroelectric generator; and combinations thereof. 12. The power management system of claim 9, further comprising a power source selector configured to select between the parasitic, continuous, and rechargeable power sources for providing electrical power to the electronic device and for controlling charging of the rechargeable power source. 13. The power management system of claim 12, wherein the rechargeable power source comprises a rechargeable battery, and the power source selector is configured to allow charging of the rechargeable battery only under predetermined temperature conditions. 14. The power management system of claim 12, wherein the rechargeable power source comprises a rechargeable battery, and the power source selector is configured to select the rechargeable battery to supply electric power only under predetermined temperature conditions. 15. The system of claim 1, wherein the electronic device comprises a faulted circuit indicator. 16. The system of claim 7, wherein the electronic device comprises a function selector configured to disable certain functions performed by the electronic device depending on the power source selected by the power source selector. 17. The system of claim 7, wherein the power source selector is further configured to switch to no power source. 18. The system of claim 12, wherein the power source selector is configured to select based on a number of charge/discharge cycles of the rechargeable power source. 19. A method for providing electric power to an electronic device, comprising the steps of: the electronic device obtaining an electric signal from an electric conductor; and, the electronic device selectively switching between parasitically obtaining electric power from the electric conductor and directly obtaining electric power from a continuous power source. 20. The method of claim 19, wherein the parasitically obtaining comprises inductively obtaining. 21. The method of claim 19, wherein the parasitically obtaining comprises capacitively obtaining. 22. The method of claim 19, wherein the directly obtaining comprises directly obtaining from a battery internal to the electronic device. 23. The method of claim 19, wherein the step of selectively switching comprises switching from parasitically obtaining to directly obtaining only if the parasitically obtaining yields inadequate electric power. 24. The method of claim 19, wherein the step of selectively switching further comprises switching between directly obtaining electric power from an intermittent power source. 25. The method of claim 24, wherein the intermittent power source comprises at least one selected from the group consisting of: a photovoltaic cell; a thermo-electric generator; a piezoelectric generator; a wind turbine; a pyroelectric generator; and combinations thereof. 26. The method of claim 19, wherein the step of selectively switching further comprises switching between directly obtaining electric power from a rechargeable power source. 27. The method of claim 26, wherein the rechargeable power source comprises at least one selected from the group consisting of: a rerechargeable battery; a capacitor; a supercapacitor; and combinations thereof. 28. The method of claim 26, further comprising the step of charging the rechargeable power source using the parasitic power source. 29. The method of claim 26, further comprising the steps of: detecting an ambient temperature, and charging the rechargeable power source using the parasitic power source only when predetermined ambient temperature conditions are detected. 30. The method of claim 26, further comprising the step of detecting an ambient temperature and switching to the rechargeable power source only when predetermined ambient temperatures are detected. 31. The method of claim 19, further comprising the step of monitoring the electric signal. 32. The method of claim 31, further comprising the step of detecting a fault on the electric conductor. 33. The method of claim 32, further comprising providing an indication upon detection of the fault. 34. The method of claim 19, further comprising the step of disabling certain functions of the electronic device based on the selectively switching between parasitically obtaining electric power and directly obtaining electric power. 35. The method of claim 19, further comprising the step of selectively switching to no power source. 36. A faulted circuit indicator for monitoring and indicating faults on an electric power conductor, comprising: a signal acquisition circuit in communication with the electric power conductor for obtaining a signal from the electric power conductor; a microprocessor in communication with the signal acquisition circuit; a parasitic power source in communication with the electric power conductor for parasitically obtaining electric power from the electric power conductor; a continuous electric power source; and, a power supply in communication with the parasitic power source and the continuous electric power source for supplying electric power to the microprocessor. 37. The faulted circuit indicator of claim 36, wherein the parasitic power source comprises inductive coupling with the electric power conductor. 38. The faulted circuit indicator of claim 36, wherein the parasitic power source comprises capacitive coupling with the electric power conductor. 39. The faulted circuit indicator of claim 36, wherein the continuous electric power source comprises one selected from the group consisting of: an internal battery; an external battery; another electronic device; and combinations thereof. 40. The faulted circuit indicator of claim 36, further comprising a power source selector configured to select between the parasitic and continuous power source for providing electrical power to the microprocessor. 41. The faulted circuit indicator of claim 40, wherein the power source selector is configured to select the parasitic power source unless the electric power provided by the parasitic power source is inadequate. 42. The faulted circuit indicator of claim 36, further comprising a rechargeable power source. 43. The faulted circuit indicator of claim 42, wherein the rechargeable power source comprises at least one selected from the group consisting of: a rechargeable battery; a capacitor; a supercapacitor; and combinations thereof. 44. The faulted circuit indicator of claim 42, further comprising a power source selector configured to select between the parasitic, rechargeable, and continuous power source for providing electrical power to the electronic device and for controlling charging of the rechargeable power source. 45. The faulted circuit indicator of claim 44, wherein the rechargeable power source comprises a rechargeable battery, and the power source selector is configured to allow charging of the rechargeable battery only under predetermined ambient temperature conditions. 46. The faulted circuit indicator of claim 44, wherein the rechargeable power source comprises a rechargeable battery, and the power source selector is configured to select the rechargeable battery to supply electric power only under predetermined ambient temperature conditions. 47. The faulted circuit indicator of claim 36, further comprising an intermittent power source selected from the group consisting of: a photovoltaic cell; a thermo-electric generator; a piezoelectric generator; a wind turbine; a pyroelectric generator; and combinations thereof. 48. The faulted circuit indicator of claim 47, further comprising a power source selector configured to select between the parasitic power source, the continuous power source, and the intermittent power source. 49. The faulted circuit indicator of claim 36, wherein the microprocessor is configured to avoid performing certain functions depending on an availability of electric power from the parasitic power acquisition circuit. 50. The faulted circuit indicator of claim 40, wherein the power source selector is further configured to select no power source. 51. The faulted circuit indicator of claim 40, further comprising a function selector configured to disable certain functions performed by the electronic device depending on the power source selected by the power source selector. 52. The faulted circuit indicator of claim 40, further comprising a function selector, wherein the faulted circuit indicator is configured to power select functions with select power sources. 53. The faulted circuit indicator of claim 40, wherein the power source selector is further configured to select no power source. 54. The faulted circuit indicator of claim 44, wherein the power source selector is configured to select based on a number of charge/discharge cycles of the rechargeable power source. 55. A monitoring device for monitoring the status of electrical power equipment, comprising: a signal acquisition circuit in communication with the electric power equipment for obtaining a signal from the electric power equipment; a microprocessor in communication with the signal acquisition circuit; a primary power acquisition circuit in electrical communication with the electric power equipment for obtaining electric power from the electric power equipment; a continuous electric power source; and, a power supply in communication with the parasitic power acquisition circuit and the continuous electric power source for supplying electric power to the microprocessor. 56. The monitoring device of claim 55, wherein the electric power equipment comprises a transformer and the primary power acquisition circuit comprises an electrical connection to a low side of the transformer. 57. The monitoring device of claim 56, wherein the signal acquisition circuit is in communication with a high side of the transformer. 58. The monitoring device of claim 55, further comprising a power source selector configured to select between the primary and continuous power sources. 59. The monitoring device of claim 58, wherein the power source selector is configured to select based on the availability of power from the primary and continuous power sources. 60. The monitoring device of claim 58, further comprising a rechargeable power source, and the power source selector is further configured to select between the rechargeable power source. 61. The monitoring device of claim 58, further comprising an intermittent power source, and the power source selector is further configured to select between the intermittent power source. 62. The monitoring device of claim 58, wherein the source selector is configured to select based on an ambient temperature. 63. An electronic device for performing multiple functions, comprising: a parasitic electric power source comprising a parasitic electrical connection to an electric power conductor; a continuous electric power source; a rechargeable electric power source; a communications output for communicating results of a function; a display; and a selector in electrical communication with the parasitic electric power source, the continuous electric power source, the rechargeable electric power source, the communications output and the display, and configured to selectively connect one power source to the communications 64. The electronic device of claim 63, further comprising a processor in electrical communication with the selector, and configured to control the selector. 65. The electronic device of claim 63, wherein the communications output comprises a radio frequency transmitter. 66. The electronic device of claim 65, wherein the selector is configured to connect the rechargeable electric power source with the radio frequency transmitter. 67. The electronic device of claim 65, wherein the rechargeable electric power source comprises a first rechargeable cell and a second rechargeable cell, and the selector is configured to connect the first rechargeable cell to the radio frequency transmitter and the second rechargeable cell to the display. 68. The electronic device of claim 63, wherein the display comprises at least one selected from the group consisting of: an LED; a target; a display screen; and combinations thereof. 69. The electronic device of claim 63, wherein the communications output comprises at least one selected from the group consisting of: a contact output; a radio frequency transceiver; an infrared transceiver; a fiber-optic transceiver; a serial communications transceiver; and combinations thereof. 70. A power management system for an electronic device, comprising: an intermittent power source; a second power source; a power supply in electrical communication with the intermittent power source and the second power source for supplying electric power to the electronic device; a power source selector in communication with the intermittent power source, the second power source, and the power supply, for selectively switching between the intermittent power source and the second power source. 71. The power management system of claim 70, wherein the electronic device comprises a faulted circuit indicator. 72. The power management system of claim 70, wherein the intermittent power source comprises one selected from the group consisting of: a photovoltaic cell; a thermo-electric generator; a piezoelectric generator; a wind turbine; a pyroelectric generator; and combinations thereof. 73. The power management system of claim 70, wherein the second power source comprises one selected from the group consisting of: a parasitic power source, a rechargeable power source, a continuous power source, and combinations thereof. 