A coating-removal apparatus may include a source positioned on a mounting plate, and operable to emit a laser beam at a first path, where the mounting plate is configured to receive an edge of a photovoltaic module in a designated region substantially proximate to the mounting plate, such that the first path intersects the designated region, and where the mounting plate is further configured to reposition the source to create an additional path that intersects with the designated region, where the additional path is distinct from the first path.
Claims 1. A method for removing coating from a substrate, the method comprising: directing a laser beam along a first path to a first position on a first surface of the substrate proximate to the edge of the substrate at an angle of incidence suitable to redirect the laser beam along a second path, through the substrate, to a second position on a second surface of the substrate at the edge of the substrate, the second surface comprising a coating; and ablating at least a portion of the coating at the second position on the second surface of the substrate. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein directing a laser beam along a first path to a first position on a first surface comprises directing the laser beam along the first path to a non-coated first position on a first surface of the substrate. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein directing a laser beam along a first path to a first position on a first surface comprises directing the laser beam along the first path toward a substantially flat first surface of the substrate. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein ablating at least a portion of the coating comprises removing a portion of the coating from a substantially flat surface. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein ablating at least a portion of the coating comprises removing a portion of the coating from a curved surface. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein the substrate comprises glass. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein the glass is soda lime glass. 8. The method of claim 1, further comprising scanning the laser beam along a region proximate to the edge of the substrate. 9. The method of claim 1, wherein directing the laser beam comprises: comparing a substrate refractive index, an external refractive index, a laser exit point, and any combination thereof to determine a laser entry point on the substantially flat non-coated side of the substrate and an angle of incidence to the normal plane; and directing a laser beam at the determined laser entry point at an angle corresponding to the angle of incidence, wherein the substrate refractive index defines a refractive medium within the substrate, the external refractive index defines a refractive medium outside of and adjacent to the substrate, and the laser exit point represents a location area on an edge of the substrate. 10. The method of claim 1, further comprising configuring a controller to compare a substrate refractive index identifier, an external refractive index identifier, a laser exit point identifier, and any combination thereof to determine a laser entry point on the substantially flat non-coated side and an angle of incidence to the normal plane, and to direct the laser source to emit a beam at the determined laser entry point at an angle corresponding to the angle of incidence, wherein the substrate refractive index identifier defines a refractive medium within the substrate, the external refractive index identifier defines a refractive medium outside of and adjacent to the substrate, and the laser exit point identifier represents a location area on an edge of the glass layer. 11. A coating-removal apparatus comprising: a laser source positioned on a mounting plate operable to provide a laser beam along a first path, wherein the mounting plate is configured to partially surround an edge of a photovoltaic module in a designated region, such that the first path intersects the designated region, and a positioner configured to reposition the mounting plate. 12. The coating-removal apparatus of claim 11, further comprising a processor configured to identify a laser entry point on a non-coated side of a photovoltaic module, corresponding to a desired laser exit point on a coated edge of the photovoltaic module, and to direct the source to emit a laser beam at the determined laser entry point. 13. The coating-removal apparatus of claim 11, wherein the mounting plate comprises a gap, such that two portions of the mounting plate lie partially separate and parallel from each other, and wherein the gap defines the designated region. 14. The coating-removal apparatus of claim 11, further comprising an actuator to which the mounting plate is mounted adjacent, and which is operable to adjust the mounting plate in a horizontal plane, a vertical plane, or both. 15. The coating-removal apparatus of claim 11, wherein the mounting plate comprises a gap, such that two portions of the mounting plate lie partially separate and parallel from each other, and wherein the gap is configured to receive a photovoltaic module. 16. The coating-removal apparatus of claim 15, wherein the coating-removal device is mounted along an edge of the gap. 17. The coating-removal apparatus of claim 16, further comprising an actuator to which the mounting plate is mounted adjacent, and which is operable to adjust the mounting plate to a: new position. 18. The coating-removal apparatus of claim 17, wherein the actuator is operable to adjust the mounting plate in a horizontal plane, a vertical plane, or both. 19. A photovoltaic module comprising: a substrate; and a semiconductor material on the substrate, wherein the edge of the substrate is substantially free of the semiconductor material and the substrate surface in the region free of semiconductor material is substantially free of surface erosion. 20. The photovoltaic module of claim 19, wherein the semiconductor material comprises a cadmium, a silicon, a compound semiconductor, or a cadmium telluride. 