The present disclosure describes an optically powered transducer with a photovoltaic collector. An optical fiber power delivery method and system and a free space power delivery method are also provided. A fabrication process for making an optically powered transducer is further described, together with an implantable transducer system based on optical power delivery.
Claims 1. An optically powered transducer, comprising: a sensor circuitry adapted to convert an environmental or ambient signal of interest into a sensor electrical signal; an electronic circuitry adapted to process the sensor electrical signal; and a photovoltaic collector adapted to collect optical energy, convert the optical energy to electrical energy and power the sensor circuitry and the electronic circuitry with the electrical energy. 2. The optically powered transducer according to claim 1, further comprising a communication light source adapted to transmit a signal indicative of the environmental or ambient signal of interest. 3. The optically powered transducer according to claim 2, wherein the photovoltaic collector is further adapted to power the communication light source with the electrical energy. 4. The optically powered transducer according to claim 2, wherein the communication light source is adapted to be optically powered directly by an external light source. 5. The optically powered transducer of claim 4, wherein the external light source is a laser. 6. The optically powered transducer according to claim 2, wherein the communication light source comprises a light-emitting diode or a semiconductor laser. 7. The optically powered transducer according to claim 2, wherein the communication light source is adapted to emit light at a wavelength selected from around 850 nm, around 980 nm, around 1300 nm or around 1500 nm. 8. The optically powered transducer according to claim 1, further comprising at least one optical resonator adapted to increase absorption efficiency of the photovoltaic collector. 9. The optically powered transducer according to claim 8, wherein the at least one optical resonator comprises at least one resonant cavity. 10. The optically powered transducer according to claim 1, wherein the sensor circuitry is selected from an implantable pressure sensor, a blood sugar detector, a medical implant, an autonomous sensor, a humidity sensor, a gas sensor, a pathogen sensor, a light sensor, a stress sensor, a strain sensor, or a motion sensor. 11. The optically powered transducer according to claim 1, wherein the electronic circuitry further comprises an energy storage apparatus adapted to store the electrical energy converted by the photovoltaic collector. 12. The optically powered transducer according to claim 1, wherein the electronic circuitry is further adapted to control operations of the optically powered transducer. 13. The optically powered transducer according to claim 1, wherein the electronic circuitry further comprises a circuit selected from a CMOS amplification circuit, a CMOS amplitude-to-pulse-width conversion circuit, or a CMOS laser driving circuit. 14. The optically powered transducer according to claim 2, wherein the communication light source is further adapted to be a light source for spectroscopic measurements. 15. The optically powered transducer according to claim 14, wherein the sensor circuitry is a blood sugar detector and wherein the communication source is also a light source for refractive index, absorption or Raman measurements. 16. A method for fabricating an optically powered transducer, comprising: fabricating a sensor circuitry and an electronic circuitry on a transducer substrate, said transducer substrate being on top of a sacrificial layer; fabricating a photovoltaic collector on the transducer substrate, the photovoltaic collector adapted to adapted to collect optical energy, convert the optical energy to electrical energy and power the sensor circuitry and the electronic circuitry with the electrical energy; providing a communication light source on the transducer substrate; and releasing the sacrificial layer. 17. The method according to claim 16, wherein the providing a communication light source on the transducer substrate comprises bonding the communication light source to the transducer substrate. 18. The method according to claim 16, further comprising fabricating at least one optical resonator on the transducer substrate, said at least one optical resonator being placed surrounding the photovoltaic collector and adapted to increase absorption efficiency of the photovoltaic collector. 19. The method according to claim 18, wherein the at least one optical resonator comprises at least one resonant cavity. 20. A fiber optic power delivery system, comprising at least one monitoring system; at least one optical fiber; and at least one transducer adapted to be optically powered by the at least one monitoring system through the at least one optical fiber. 21. The fiber optic power delivery system according to claim 20, wherein the at least one transducer comprises a sensor circuitry adapted to convert an environmental or ambient signal of interest into a sensor electrical signal; an electronic circuitry adapted to process the sensor electrical signal; and a photovoltaic collector adapted to collect optical energy, convert the optical energy to electrical energy and power the sensor circuitry and the electronic circuitry with the electrical energy. 22. The fiber power delivery system according to claim 20, wherein the at least one transducer is adapted to be optically powered by light at a wavelength of around 850 nm or 980 nm. 23. A method for optically powering a transducer, comprising directing optical energy at the transducer through an optical fiber. 24. The method according to claim 23, the directing optical energy further comprising providing optical energy of wavelength between around 800 nm and around 1600 nm. 25. A method for powering an optically powered transducer, comprising directing optical energy at the optically powered transducer in absence of an optical fiber arrangement. 26. The method according to claim 25, the directing optical energy further comprising providing optical energy of wavelength between around 800 nm and around 1600 nm. 27. A method for exchanging information with at least one optically powered transducer, comprising: powering the at least one optically powered transducer by directing optical energy at the optically powered transducer; establishing a wireless data link with each of the at least one optically powered transducers; and exchanging information with each of the at least one optically powered transducers through the wireless data link. 28. The method according to claim 27, wherein the establishing a wireless data link comprises establishing an optical data link. 29. The method according to claim 27, wherein the directing optical energy comprises providing optical energy of wavelength between around 800 nm and around 1600 nm. 30. A reader for accessing at least one optically powered transducer, comprising: a light energy source adapted to optically power the at least one optically powered transducer; at least one transceiver adapted to establish a wireless data link with each of the at least one optically powered transducers and exchange information with each of the at least one optically powered transducers through the wireless data link. 31. The reader according to claim 30, wherein the light energy source is further adapted to generate optical energy of wavelength between around 800 nm and around 1600 nm. 32. The reader according to claim 30, wherein the light energy source comprises a light-emitting source or a laser. 33. The reader according to claim 30, wherein the wireless data link comprises an optical data link. 