Embodiments of the present disclosure provide an improved solar panel that will produce electricity at night. The improved solar panel generally includes an array of photovoltaic cells, a thermally-conductive, rigid backing, and an array of thermocouples sandwiched between and in thermal contact with the array of photovoltaic cells and the thermally conductive, rigid backing.
Claims 1. An improved solar panel comprising: an array of photovoltaic cells; a thermally-conductive, rigid backing; and an array of thermocouples sandwiched between and in thermal contact with the array of photovoltaic cells and the thermally conductive, rigid backing. 2. The improved solar panel of claim 1, wherein each photovoltaic cell of the array of photovoltaic cells comprise multicrystalline silicon. 3. The improved solar panel of claim 1, wherein the thermally-conductive, rigid backing is made from aluminum. 4. The improved solar panel of claim 1, wherein the thermally-conductive, rigid backing is shaped to enable roof-based mounting on an angled roof. 5. A solar power generation system comprising: a plurality of solar panels, each panel comprising: an array of photovoltaic cells, a thermally-conductive, rigid backing, and one or more thermopiles sandwiched between and in thermal contact with the array of photovoltaic cells and the thermally-conductive, rigid backing; one or more support structures configured to elevate and position the plurality of solar panels; and a control unit configured to alter the orientation of the one or more support structures. 6. The solar power generation system of claim 5, wherein each photovoltaic cell of the array of photovoltaic cells comprises multicrystalline silicon. 7. The solar power generation system of claim 5, wherein the thermally-conductive, rigid backing is made from aluminum. 8. The solar power generation system of claim 5, wherein the one or more support structures are configured to elevate the plurality of solar panels at least 1 meter above the ground. 9. The solar power generation system of claim 5, wherein the orientation of the one or more support structures affects the pitch and yaw of the solar panels. 10. A solar power generation system comprising: a plurality of solar panels, each panel comprising: an array of photovoltaic cells, a thermally-conductive, rigid backing, and one or more thermopiles sandwiched between and in thermal contact with the array of photovoltaic cells and the thermally-conductive, rigid backing; and one or more support structures. 11. The solar power generation system of claim 10, wherein each photovoltaic cell of the array of photovoltaic cells comprises multicrystalline silicon. 12. The solar power generation system of claim 10, wherein the thermally-conductive, rigid backing is made from aluminum. 13. The solar power generation system of claim 10, wherein the one or more support structures are configured for roof mounting on a slanted roof. 