A method for fabricating a solar battery module includes cell preparing step for preparing a solar battery cell having an electrode wiring, wiring substrate preparing step for preparing a base material and a wiring substrate having a wiring pattern provided above the base material, mounting step for electrically connecting the wiring pattern with the electrode wiring and mounting the solar battery cell on the wiring substrate, and exposing step for removing the base material to expose the wiring pattern.
Claims 1. A method for fabricating a solar battery module comprising: cell preparing step for preparing a solar battery cell having an electrode wiring; wiring substrate preparing step for preparing a base material and a wiring substrate having a wiring pattern provided above the base material; mounting step for electrically connecting the wiring pattern with the electrode wiring and mounting the solar battery cell on the wiring substrate; and exposing step for removing the base material to expose the wiring pattern. 2. The method according to claim 1, wherein the mounting step comprises electrically connecting the electrode wiring to a part of the wiring pattern. 3. The method according to claim 2, wherein the mounting step comprises forming a connecting portion and a non-connecting portion on the wiring pattern, wherein the wiring pattern and the electrode wiring are electrically or physically connected to each other at the connecting portion, wherein the wiring pattern and the electrode wiring do not physically contact with each other in the non-connecting portion. 4. The method according to claim 3, wherein the wiring substrate preparing step comprises preparing the wiring substrate having an adhesive layer between the base material and the wiring pattern, and the exposing step comprises peeling off the base material or the base material and adhesive layer from the wiring pattern. 5. The method according to claim 4, wherein the exposing step comprises heating step for heating the wiring substrate or irradiation step for irradiating ultraviolet rays to the wiring substrate. 6. The method according to claim 5, wherein the wiring substrate preparing step comprises preparing the wiring substrate in which a peel strength in 90 degrees peeling at a pulling speed of 20 mm/minute to the adhesive layer during or after the heating of the adhesive layer, or after irradiation of the ultraviolet rays to the adhesive layer is 100N/m or less. 7. The method according to claim 1, wherein the wiring substrate preparing step comprises preparing the wiring substrate comprising a wiring having 0.2% proof stress of 100 MPa or less. 8. The method according to claim 7, wherein the wiring substrate preparing step comprises preparing the wiring substrate comprising a wiring having a surface with a 10-point average surface roughness of 1.0 .mu.m or less. 9. The method according to claim 8, wherein the wiring substrate preparing step comprises preparing the wiring substrate having the wiring pattern comprising a rolled foil and including copper or a copper alloy. 10. The method according to claim 9, wherein the cell preparing step comprises preparing the solar battery cell of a back contact type having a light-receiving plane on one side and the electrode wiring on other side. 11. The method according to claim 10, further comprising: sealing step for sealing the exposed wiring pattern and the solar battery cell. 12. A wiring substrate for a solar battery comprising: a base material; an adhesive layer provided on a surface of the base material and having an adhesive force to be reduced by energy supply; a first wiring for a first conductivity type provided in comb shape on a surface of the adhesive layer; and a second wiring for a second conductivity type different from the first conductivity type, the second wiring being provided in comb shape on the surface of the adhesive layer at a region different from a region on which the first wiring is provided. 13. The wiring substrate for a solar battery according to claim 12, wherein tines of the first wiring and tines of the second wiring are located alternately. 14. The wiring substrate for a solar battery according to claim 13, wherein a peel strength in 90 degrees peeling at a pulling speed of 20 mm/minute of the first wiring and the second wiring to the adhesive layer to during or after the heating of the adhesive layer, or after irradiation of the ultraviolet rays to the adhesive layer is 100N/m or less. 15. The wiring substrate for a solar battery according to claim 14, wherein the first wiring and the second wiring have 0.2% proof stress of 100 MPa or less. 16. The wiring substrate for a solar battery according to claim 15, wherein the first wiring and the second wiring have a surface with a 10-point average surface roughness of 1.0 .mu.m or less. 