A solar panel mounting assembly including a bracket having a base, a central member extending from the base defining a channel opening in a direction away from the base, and first and second coplanar rails carried on the central member and spaced apart from the base, and a locking cap that lockingly engages within the channel including first and second spaced legs and a head that overhangs a portion of each of the first and second rails. A solar panel mounting system including a solar panel, bracket and locking cap.
Claims 1. A solar panel mounting assembly, comprising: a bracket comprising a base, a central member extending from the base defining a channel opening in a direction away from the base, and first and second coplanar rails carried on the central member and spaced apart from the base; and a locking cap configured to lockingly engage within the channel, the locking cap comprising first and second spaced legs and a head overhanging a portion of each of the first and second rails when the locking cap is engaged in the channel. 2. The assembly according to claim 1, wherein the head, the first and second rails, and the base are coplanar. 3. The assembly according to claim 1, wherein the central member comprises teeth on inner walls of the channel configured to engage teeth on outer surfaces of the first and second legs when the locking cap is engaged in the channel. 4. The assembly according to claim 3, wherein the teeth of the central member are angled in a direction of the base and the teeth of the locking cap are angled in a direction of the head. 5. The assembly according to claim 1, wherein the first and second rails and the base extend laterally from a vertical axis of the channel. 6. The assembly according to claim 1, wherein the channel spaces apart the first and second rails. 7. The assembly according to claim 1, wherein the first and second rails and the head define channels therebetween for capturing an edge of a solar panel. 8. The assembly according to claim 1, wherein the first and second legs of the locking cap are spaced apart a distance about corresponding to a width of the channel. 9. The assembly according to claim 1, wherein the bracket is an elongate extrusion. 10. The assembly according to claim 1, wherein the head of the locking cap is separable from the first and second legs and adjustably secured thereto by a fastener for adjusting a distance between the head and the first and second rails. 11. A solar panel mounting assembly, comprising: a unitary bracket comprising a base, a central member extending from the base defining a channel opening in a direction away from the base, and first and second spaced coplanar rails carried on the central member and spaced apart from the base, the bracket being symmetrical about a vertical axis through the channel in a direction perpendicular to the first and second rails; and a locking cap configured to lockingly engage within the channel, the locking cap comprising first and second spaced legs and a head overhanging a portion of each of the first and second rails when the locking cap is engaged in the channel. 12. The assembly according to claim 11, wherein the central member comprises teeth on inner walls of the channel configured to engage teeth on outer surfaces of the first and second legs when the locking cap is engaged in the channel. 13. The assembly according to claim 11, wherein the first and second legs of the locking cap are spaced apart a distance about corresponding to a width of the channel. 14. The assembly according to claim 11, wherein the head of the locking cap is separable from the first and second legs and adjustably secured thereto by a fastener received in the direction along the vertical axis for adjusting a distance between the head and the first and second rails. 15. A solar panel mounting system, comprising: a bracket comprising a base, a central member extending from the base defining a channel opening in a direction away from the base, and first and second coplanar rails carried on the central member and spaced apart from the base; a locking cap configured to lockingly engage within the channel, the locking cap comprising first and second spaced legs and a head overhanging a portion of each of the first and second rails; and a solar panel captured within a space between one of the first and second rails and the head of the locking cap. 16. The system according to claim 15, wherein the bracket is symmetrical about a vertical axis through the channel in a direction perpendicular to the first and second rails. 17. The system according to claim 15, wherein the central member comprises teeth on inner walls of the channel configured to engage teeth on outer surfaces of the first and second legs when the locking cap is engaged in the channel. 18. The system according to claim 15, wherein the head of the locking cap is separable from the first and second legs and adjustably secured thereto by a fastener for adjusting a distance between the head and the first and second rails. 