A connector assembly for a photovoltaic module includes a locator having a support rib configured to hold a buss of the photovoltaic module, and a connector housing holding a contact. The connector housing is configured to be mounted to the photovoltaic module over the locator such that the contact is mated to the buss in a press-fit connection
Claims 1. A connector assembly for a photovoltaic module, the connector assembly comprising; a locator having a support rib configured to hold a buss of the photovoltaic module; and a connector housing holding a contact, the connector housing being configured to be mounted to the photovoltaic module over the locator such that the contact is mated to the buss in a press-fit connection. 2. The connector assembly of claim 1, wherein the contact directly engages the buss when the connector housing is mounted over the locator. 3. The connector assembly of claim 1, wherein the contact includes a finger configured to be biased against the buss when the connector housing is mounted over the locator. 4. The connector assembly of claim 1, wherein the support rib includes a first side and a second side, the buss being wrapped around the support rib on the first and second sides, the contact being arranged on both the first and second sides to engage the buss. 5. The connector assembly of claim 1, wherein the locator includes a locator body configured to be mounted to the photovoltaic module, the support rib being integrally formed with the locator body, the locator body having a slot adjacent the support rib with the buss extending through the slot along the support rib. 6. The connector assembly of claim 1, wherein the contact includes a first finger and a second finger, the support rib includes a first side and a second side, the support rib being configured to support the buss on the first side and the second side, wherein the first finger is biased against the first side and corresponding portion of the buss and the second finger is biased against the second side and corresponding portion of the buss. 7. The connector assembly of claim 1, wherein the connector housing includes a cavity, the contact being loaded into the cavity and being held therein, the locator being loaded into the cavity when the connector housing is mounted over the locator. 8. The connector assembly of claim 1, wherein the connector housing includes a mounting end having an opening through the mounting end, the locator being loaded through the opening when the connector housing is mounted over the locator. 9. The connector assembly of claim 1, wherein the connector housing includes a mounting end having a sealing surface, the connector assembly further comprising a sealant applied to the sealing surface, the sealant sealing the mounting end against the photovoltaic module. 10. A connector assembly for a photovoltaic module, the connector assembly comprising: a locator having a first support rib configured to hold a first buss of the photovoltaic module and a second support rib configured to hold a second buss of the photovoltaic module; and a connector housing holding a first contact and a second contact, the connector housing being configured to be mounted to the photovoltaic module over the locator such that the first and second contacts are mated to the first and second buss, respectively, in press-fit connections. 11. The connector assembly of claim 10, further comprising a diode hold within the connector housing, the diode being electrically connected to both the first and second contacts. 12. The connector assembly of claim 10, wherein the first and second contacts are configured to slide along, and directly engage, the first and second buss, respectively, when the connector housing is mounted over the locator. 13. The connector assembly of claim 10, wherein the first contact includes a finger configured to be biased against the first buss when the connector housing is mounted over the locator. 14. The connector assembly of claim 10, wherein the first support rib includes opposite sides, the buss being wrapped around the support rib on both sides, the first contact having fingers being arranged on both sides of the support rib, the fingers being configured to engage the first buss. 15. The connector assembly of claim 10, wherein the locator includes a locator body configured to be mounted to the photovoltaic module, the first and second support ribs being integrally formed with the locator body, the locator body having first and second slots adjacent the first and second support ribs, respectively, wherein the first and second slots are configured to receive the first and second busses, respectively, such that the first buss extends along the first support rib and the second, buss extends along the second support rib for mating engagement with the first and second contacts, respectively. 16. The connector assembly of claim 10, wherein the connector housing includes a cavity, the first and second contacts being loaded into the cavity and being held therein prior to being mounted over the locator, the locator being loaded into the cavity when the connector housing is mounted over the locator such that the first and second contacts are configured to engage the first and second busses during mounting of the connector housing over the locator. 17. A connector assembly for a photovoltaic module, the connector assembly comprising: a locator having a support rib having a first side and a second side; the locator being positioned on the photovoltaic module such that a buss of the photovoltaic module is wrapped around the support rib on the first and second sides of the support rib; and a connector housing holding a contact, the connector housing having a mounting end and an opening through the mounting end, the connector housing being configured to be mounted to the photovoltaic module in a loading direction such that the locator is loaded through the mounting end, wherein the contact engages the buss on the first and second sides in a press-fit connection as the connector housing is moved in the loading direction. 18. The connector assembly of claim 17, wherein the contact directly engages the buss when the connector housing is mounted over the locator. 19. The connector assembly of claim 17, wherein the contact includes first and second fingers configured to be biased against the first and second sides of the support rib and the buss when the connector housing is mounted over the locator. 20. The connector assembly of claim 17, wherein the locator includes a locator body configured to be mounted to the photovoltaic module, the support rib being integrally formed with the locator body, the locator body having a slot adjacent the support rib with the buss extending through the slot along the support rib. 