A heat pipe with micro tubes (2), comprised of a solid heat conductor (1) provided therein with two or more parallel micro tubes (2), the micro tubes being filled therein with working medium which exchanges heat through phrase change; and the two ends of the heat conductor (1) are sealed and at least one of them is provided with a sealing strip of gradually shrinking shape that is formed from cold welding. A manufacturing process for the heat pipe and a heat-exchange system comprised of the heat pipe.
Claims 1. A heat pipe with micro tube arrays, wherein the heat pipe comprises a solid heat conductor provided therein with two or more parallel micro tubes, the micro tubes being filled therein with working medium which exchanges heat through phrase change; and the two ends of the heat conductor are sealed and at least one of them is provided with a sealing strip of gradually shrinking shape that is formed from cold welding. 2. The heat pipe with micro tube arrays according to claim 1, wherein the outer sides of at least one longitudinal section of each micro tube at the sealing strip shrink gradually along the length direction thereof to a point, with the outer sides being formed by two arcs that are concave with respect to each other. 3. The heat pipe with micro tube arrays according to claim 2, wherein the inner sides of at least one longitudinal section of each micro tube at the sealing strip shrink gradually along the length direction thereof to a point, with the inner sides being formed by two arcs that are concave with respect to each other. 4. The heat pipe with micro tube arrays according to claim 3, wherein the heat conductor has curled reinforcement welded joints formed by tin welding or high frequency welding at the end where the sealing strip is located. 5. The heat pipe with micro tube arrays according to claim 3, wherein the heat conductor is provided with protective caps around the outer part of the end where the sealing strip is located. 6. The heat pipe with micro tube arrays according to claim 5, wherein the micro tubes are arranged in parallel in a layer along the surface of the heat conductor that tightly contacts with the surface of the device to be cooled. 7. The heat pipe with micro tube arrays according to claim 5, wherein the heat conductor is a strip-shaped or plate-shape body, and the parallel micro tubes are parallel to the surface of the strip-shaped or plate-shape body that is wider in the cross direction. 8. The heat pipe with micro tube arrays according to claim 7, wherein the ratio of the length to the width of the cross section of the passage of the micro tubes is between 2/3 and 1.5, and the ratio of the minimal wall thickness of the heat pipe and the equivalent diameter of the micro tubes is not less than 0.2. 9. The heat pipe with micro tube arrays according to claim 8, wherein the ratio of the extending length of the gradually shrinking sealing strip to the total thickness of the heat conductor ranges from 0.75 to 1.5 in the case that the total thickness of the heat conductor is less than 3 mm, the ratio ranges from 0.6 to 1.5 in the case that the total thickness of the heat conductor is 3 mm to 5 mm, and the ratio ranges from 0.5 to 1.5 in the case that the total thickness of the heat conductor is greater than 5 mm. 10. The heat pipe with micro tube arrays according to claim 1, wherein the micro tubes are arranged in two or more layers. 11. The heat pipe with micro tube arrays according to claim 9, wherein the equivalent diameter or the hydraulic diameter of the micro tube is between 0.1 mm and 8 mm, and the distance of two adjacent micro tubes is between 0.1 mm and 1.0 mm. 12. The heat pipe with micro tube arrays according to claim 9, wherein the heat conductor is provided therein with one or more solid strip that extends in the direction parallel to the length direction of the micro tubes, and the solid strip is provided with mounting holes. 13. The heat pipe with micro tube arrays according to claim 9, wherein each micro tube is an independent heat pipe. 14. The heat pipe with micro tube arrays according to claim 9, wherein one end of each micro tube is open in the heat conductor such that the micro tubes communicate with each other at the one end; this end of the heat conductor is closed, and the other end of each micro tube is closed; in this way the micro tube is of a semi-independent heat pipe structure. 15. The heat pipe with micro tube arrays according to claim 9, wherein the cross-section of the micro tube is polygonal, circular or oval; and in the case of polygonal cross-section, the vortexes of the polygon are rounded. 16. The heat pipe with micro tube arrays according to claim 9, wherein the inner wall of each micro tube is provided with micro-fins that enhance heat conduction or concave micro grooves that extend along the length direction of the micro tube; the micro-fins are sized and configured to form, with the inner walls of the micro tubes, micro grooves extending along the length direction of the micro tubes; the angles formed between the micro-fins and the inner wall of the micro tube and the angles formed between the micro grooves and the inner wall of the micro tube are smoothly rounded angle. 17. A heat-exchange system that employs the heat pipe with micro tube arrays according to claims 1. 18. The heat-exchange system according to claim 17, wherein an evaporation surface of the heat pipe contacts with a surface of devices to be cooled, and another portion of the heat pipe is a condensation surface. 19. The heat-exchange system according to claim 17, wherein one end of the heat pipe is located in a heat source, and absorbs and evaporates heat therefrom; the other end of the heat pipe is cooled through air or liquid from outside; and exothermic condensation is carried out by steam within the heat pipe. 20. The heat-exchange system according to claim 18, wherein the heat-exchange system functions as a heat collector for a solar water heater, wherein solar radiation energy is absorbed and the liquid working medium evaporates at one end of the micro tubes; exothermic condensation occurs at the other end and heat is transferred to a heat-exchange device so as to generate hot water; and the condensation surface of the heat pipe contacts with water in the heat-exchange device directly, or alternatively contacts with an outside wall of a heat-conduction bladder of a hot water tank that functions as the heat collector. 21. The heat-exchange system according to claim 18, wherein the heat-exchange system functions as heat sink for solar photovoltaic cells or functions in a combined heat and power generation system wherein the evaporation surface of the heat pipe contacts with a backplate of the solar photovoltaic cells so as to absorb and evaporate heat therefrom, and the condensation surface of the heat pipe condenses in the heat-exchange device so as to generate hot water. 22. A manufacturing process for a heat pipe comprising: A. producing a heat conductor with two or more parallel micro tubes that communicate with each other, by extrusion or stamping; B. sealing one end of the heat conductor; C. discharging air from the micro tubes and filling micro tubes with the liquid working medium; D. sealing the other end of the heat conductor through cold welding, in which the end of the heat conductor is squeezed by means of knife-edges, and thus is deformed, sealed and cut off. 23. The manufacturing process according to claim 22, wherein the process of sealing one end of the heat conductor employs cold welding for sealing, wherein the one end of the heat conductor is squeezed by means of knife-edges, and thus is deformed, sealed and cut off. 24. The manufacturing process according to claim 22, wherein the process of sealing one end of the heat conductor employs solder or high frequency welding to seal and reinforce the one end, or sleeve the one end by means of a bush to seal the end, after the end of the heat conductor is squashed and curled. 25. The manufacturing process according to claim 22, wherein the following is performed after the sealing of the other end of the heat conductor through cold welding: E. the both ends of the heat conductor are provided with protective sleeves. 26. The manufacturing process according to claim 25, wherein the heat conductor is made of metal or alloy which is filled into an extrusion die for extrusion or into a stamping die for stamping after being heated to the softening temperature, wherein the extrusion die or the stamping die is provided with two or more parallel cylindrical punches; the heat conductor is cooled to normal temperature after being extruding or stamping. 27. The manufacturing process according to claim 26, wherein the heat conductor is a strip-shaped body or a plate-shaped body, and the parallel micro tubes are arranged to be parallel to the surface of the strip-shaped body or the plate-shaped body which is wider in the cross direction. 28. The manufacturing process according to claim 26, wherein the stamping die or the extrusion die used to produce the heat conductor is provided with micro-pits or convex fins such that the inner wall of the micro tubes feature micro-fins or micro concave grooves that enhance heat transfer. 