A method and apparatus for mounting a solar panel to a surface according to various aspects of the present invention is configured to provide attachment of a solar panel to any suitable surface. The mounting system comprises a membrane and a frame coupled with the membrane. The frame is configured to receive the solar panel.
Claims 1. A mounting system for mounting a solar panel to a surface, the mounting system comprising: a membrane configured to be coupled to the surface; a frame coupled with the membrane; wherein the frame is configured to receive the solar panel. 2. A mounting system according to claim 1, wherein the membrane comprises a flexible material. 3. A mounting system according to claim 1, wherein the frame is coupled with the membrane by a non penetrating attachment element. 4. A mounting system according to claim 1, wherein the non penetrating attachment element comprises welding. 5. A mounting system according to claim 5, wherein the welding may comprise one of fusion, radio frequency, high frequency, dielectric, and extrusion welding. 6. A mounting system according to claim 1, wherein the frame comprises a pair of spaced apart side frames. 7. A mounting system according to claim 7, wherein the frame comprises an attachment portion coupled with the frame, wherein the attachment portion couples the solar panel to the frame. 8. A mounting system according to claim 1, wherein the membrane comprises a thermo plastic membrane. 9. A mounting system according to claim 8, wherein the thermo plastic material may comprise one of thermoplastic olefin (TPO), high density polypropylene (HDPE), reinforced polypropylene (RPP), polyvinylchloride (PVC), and ethylene propylene diene Monomer (EPDM). 10. A mounting system according to claim 1, wherein the membrane is coupled with the surface by a non penetrating attachment element. 11. A method of mounting a solar panel to a membrane, the method comprising: attaching a mounting frame to a surface of the membrane; preventing penetration of the mounting frame through the membrane; and coupling a solar panel to the mounting frame. 12. The method according to claim 11, further comprising creating a liquid tight seal between the mounting frame and the surface of the membrane. 13. The method according to claim 11, further comprising providing at least one opening between the mounting frame and the membrane. 14. The method according to claim 13, further comprising channeling water on the surface of the membrane through the at least one opening. 15. The method according to claim 11, further comprising fusing a portion of the mounting frame to the surface of the membrane. 16. The method according to claim 11, further comprising welding a portion of the mounting frame to the surface of the membrane. 17. The method according to claim 11, further comprising preventing liquids below the surface of the membrane from penetrating the membrane. 18. The method according to claim 11, further comprising preventing erosion of material below the surface of the membrane. 19. The method according to claim 11, further comprising positioning the membrane over one of a landfill, a flue ash pile, and mining tailings. 20. The method according to claim 11, further comprising coupling the membrane to one of a temporary shelter, a refrigerated semi-truck trailer, a smoke stack, and a water tower. 