A system and method for monitoring media viewing activity by one or more individuals is disclosed. In general, the location of a sign can be identified, a human eye can be located and tracked and vectoring module and a projection module can determine if the individual's eyes are directed towards the sign. The content of the signage can be coordinated with the direction of the eye in real time to determine what content the individual viewed. An audience reaction module can acquire audience reaction data such as how long eyes are engaged on the sign and can determine other reactions such as a smile a frown or a gesture of interest or disinterest based on the change of content on the signage. The system allows for an advertiser to acquire and evaluate audience feedback related to presentation and content displayed on media (e.g., billboards, digital signage, window displays, etc.).
Claims 1. An audience reaction system comprising: a signage location module to provide a first location of a sign; an eye identification module to transmit a signal in response to locating an eye of a human; an eye location module to determine a second location of the eye in response to the signal; an eye vector module to determine a first relative direction to which the eye is directed from the first location; a projection calculation module to project the first relative direction from the first location and determine if the projection intersects the second location; and an audience reaction module to monitor at least the eye and determine an advertising metric. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein the eye vector module determines a relative direction in one dimension. 3. The system of claim 1 further comprising a correlation module to correlate what is displayed on the sign with the advertising metric. 4. The system of claim 1 further comprising a clock coupled to the audience reaction module to time stamp the advertising metric. 5. The system of claim 4 wherein the audience reaction module using the clock determines a minimum time that the eye is directed in particular direction. 6. The system of claim 1 wherein the first and second location are defined in latitude longitude coordinates. 7. The system of claim 1 wherein the audience reaction module logs in real time a number of different eyes that are directed towards the sign. 8. The system of claim 1 wherein the audience reaction module logs changes in facial features. 9. The system of claim 1 wherein the eye vector module is located in a vehicle or on a person. 10. The system of claim 1 wherein the eye vector module is mounted in a fixed location relative to the sign. 11. The system of claim 1 wherein eye vector module calculates a field of view range based on the first location the second location and a dimension of the face of the sign. 12. The system of claim 1 wherein the projection calculation module detects a velocity associated with the eye and utilizing the velocity to determine if the projection intersects the second location. 13. The system of claim 1 further comprising a processor to process and correlate data collected by said audience reaction module. 14. The system of claim 1 wherein the sign has a dynamic digital display. 15. The system of claim 1 further comprising a global positioning receiver to determine one of the first location or the second location. 16. The system of claim 15 wherein the signage location module accepts three dimensional sign location data from the global positioning system and stores the sign location data in a database. 17. The system of claim 15 wherein the eye location module uses a global positioning receiver to determine the second location. 18. The system of claim 1 further comprising a satellite communications receiver for acquiring the first location using satellite transmissions. 19. A system for monitoring media viewing activity, said system comprising: an eye tracking module to monitor at least one eye of at least one individual riding in a vehicle and moving with respect to information displayed on media external to said vehicle and in view of said at least one individual; a surveillance device to generate a view of said information displayed on media said surveillance device to communicate with said eye tracking device correlate data collected from said surveillance device and said eye tracking device, said data indicative of an individual viewing said information to enable an evaluation of a reaction of the at least one individual to said information displayed on said media, wherein said eye tracking device and said surveillance device are attached to said vehicle; and a processor to process and correlate said data collected from said surveillance device and said eye tracking device, said processor capable of communicating with said eye tracking device and said surveillance device. 20. The system of claim 19 wherein said media comprises at least one static billboard. 21. The system of claim 19 wherein said media comprises at least one digital sign. 22. The system of claim 19 wherein said media comprises at least one window display. 23. The system of claim 19 further comprising a solar powered device for providing electrical energy to said eye tracking device and said surveillance device. 24. The system of claim 19 further comprising a memory for storing information output by said eye tracking device and said surveillance device. 25. A method for monitoring media viewing activity, said method comprising: monitoring utilizing an eye tracking device and by executing a program instruction in a data-processing apparatus, at least one eye of at least one individual in a vehicle with respect to information displayed on media external to said vehicle and in view of said at least one individual; and generating by executing a program instruction in a data-processing apparatus, a view of said information displayed on media external to said vehicle utilizing a surveillance device that communicates with said eye tracking device in order to thereafter correlate data collected from said surveillance device and said eye tracking device, said data indicative of a positive posting of said information to thereby enable a valuation of said information displayed on said media. 16. The method of claim 25 further comprising processing and correlating said data collected from said surveillance device and said eye tracking device utilizing a processor by executing a program instruction in a data-processing apparatus. 27. The method of claim 25 wherein said eye tracking device and said surveillance device are attached to said vehicle. 28. The method of claim 25 wherein said media comprises at least one of the following: a static billboard; a digital sign; and a window display. 29. The method of claim 25 further comprising providing electrical energy to said eye tracking device and said surveillance device via a solar powered device. 30. The method of claim 25 further comprising storing in a memory information output by said eye tracking device and said surveillance device by executing a program instruction in a data-processing apparatus. 