Sun sent power systems comprises a solar battery recharging assembly for children's electric toy vehicles (such as electric scooters, electric riding power vehicles and other such electrically powered outdoor riding toys). The solar battery recharging assembly comprises an array of photovoltaic panels having a plurality of solar cells to convert sun light into DC power to operate the toy vehicle. Sun sent power systems may be used to power and recharge virtually any outdoor electric toy substantially eliminating the need for users to have to plug the toys into standard electric outlets. The solar powering means of the photovoltaic panels enable the power toys to be continuously recharged while in use, thereby extending the duration of playtime and battery life. The item may be OEM installed or may be comprise an add-on converter kit for removable installment to an existing toy vehicle.
Claims 1. A solar battery recharging system comprising; at least one photovoltaic panel having an assembly of interconnected solar cells; a wiring assembly; at least one rechargeable battery; at least one diode; at least one fastener; wherein said at least one photovoltaic panel is fastenable to an exterior surface of an electric toy vehicle; wherein said assembly of interconnected solar cells converts photon energy into DC power that is routed through said wiring assembly to power and recharge said at least one rechargeable battery; wherein said at least one diode ensures that said DC power flows in one direction from said at least one photovoltaic panel to said at least one rechargeable battery; and wherein said DC power is used to rechargeably operate said electric toy vehicle. 2. The solar battery recharging system of claim 1, wherein said at least one photovoltaic panel, said wiring assembly, said at least one rechargeable battery, said at least one diode, and said at least one fastener comprise a solar battery recharging assembly. 3. The solar battery recharging system of claim 1, wherein said at least one photovoltaic panel is rigid. 4. The solar battery recharging system of claim 1, wherein said at least one photovoltaic panel is flexible. 5. The solar battery recharging system of claim 4, wherein said at least one photovoltaic panel is contour-formed to match said exterior surface of said electric toy vehicle. 6. The solar battery recharging system of claim 1, wherein said at least one photovoltaic panel comprises a weather resistant enclosure suitable for outdoor use. 7. The solar battery recharging system of claim 1, wherein said at least one photovoltaic panel is removably mountable to a top surface of said exterior surface of said electric toy vehicle. 8. The solar battery recharging system of claim 2, wherein said solar battery recharging assembly is retrofittably installable to an existing said electric toy vehicle. 9. The solar battery recharging system of claim 8, wherein said solar battery recharging assembly includes said at least one fastener comprising doubled-sided mounting tape for affixing said at least one photovoltaic panel to said exterior surface of said electric toy vehicle. 10. The solar battery recharging system of claim 8, wherein said solar battery recharging assembly includes said at least one fastener comprises a hook and loop fastener for removably affixing said at least one photovoltaic panel to said exterior surface of said electric toy vehicle. 11. The solar battery recharging system of claim 2, wherein said solar battery recharging assembly is manufactured OEM in said electric toy vehicle. 12. The solar battery recharging system of claim 1, wherein said at least one diode is in communication with positive wires on said wiring assembly to prevent power drainage of said at least one rechargeable battery during periods of non-use. 13. The solar battery recharging system of claim 1, wherein said rechargeable batteries are 6-volts. 14. The solar battery recharging system of claim 1, wherein said rechargeable batteries are 12-volts. 15. The solar battery recharging system of claim 13, wherein said 6-volt configuration is chargeable via two of said photovoltaic panels. 16. The solar battery recharging system of claim 14, wherein said 12-volt configuration is chargeable via four of said photovoltaic panels. 17. The solar battery recharging system of claim 1, wherein said rechargeable batteries comprises secondary batteries having at least one dry cell. 18. A solar battery recharging system comprising: at least one photovoltaic panel having an assembly of interconnected solar cells wherein said interconnected solar cells convert photon energy into DC power; a wiring assembly comprising at least one positive wire, at least one negative wire comprising at least one diode, at least one battery connector, and at least one wiring assembly fastening means; at least one rechargeable battery; at least one fastening means; wherein said at least one photovoltaic panel, said wiring assembly, said at least one rechargeable battery, said at least one fastener means comprise a solar battery recharging assembly; wherein an array of said at least one photovoltaic panels are fastenable to an exterior surface of an electric toy vehicle via said at least one fastening means; wherein said wiring assembly conducts said DC power generated by said assembly of interconnected solar cells to power and recharge said at least one rechargeable battery; wherein said at least one diode insures that said DC power flows in one direction from said at least one photovoltaic panel to said at least one rechargeable battery; and wherein said DC power is used to operate said electric toy vehicle. 19. The solar battery recharging system of claim 18, wherein said at least one photovoltaic panel, said wiring assembly, said at least one rechargeable battery, said at least one diode and at least one photovoltaic panel fastening means comprises a kit. 20. A method of use for a solar battery recharging system comprising the steps of; installing a solar battery recharging assembly to an exterior surface of a toy vehicle; solar charging a rechargeable battery; and powering the electric toy. 