The present invention comprising the series-parallel switches and method of connecting a plurality of batteries in series, parallel, or both dynamically by controlling the series-parallel switches to form an electrically connected battery pack. A monitor processing unit monitors unbalance among batteries and selectively changes the states of series-parallel switches to balance the voltage different among batteries.
Claims 1. An apparatus for managing a plurality of batteries, comprising a battery pack is composed of a plurality of ordinal batteries, between each adjacent batteries is connected electrically by a series-parallel switch or by winding in series or parallel permanently, and at least exists one series-parallel switch can connect adjacent batteries in series or parallel. 2. The apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the series-parallel switch is a double pole, double throw type mechanical switch, electronic MOS, or relay switch. 3. The apparatus as claimed in claim 2, wherein the type of battery pack is secondary rechargeable battery. 4. The apparatus as claimed in claim 2, wherein the type of battery pack is solar cell battery or fuel cell battery. 5. The apparatus as claimed in claim 3, further comprises a monitor processing unit can control the states of series-parallel switches among batteries and can control the on/off state of charging/discharging route of the battery. 6. The apparatus as claimed in claim 5, wherein the monitor processing unit can monitor the voltage and/or state of charge and/or protection status of batteries via the bus protocol or analog to digital converter. 7. A method for managing a plurality of batteries including a battery pack is composed of a plurality of ordinal batteries, between each adjacent batteries is connected by a series-parallel switch or by winding in series or parallel permanently, and at least exists one series-parallel switch, such switches can be controlled by manual or electronic controller, the method comprises changing the states of serial-parallel switches to be all parallel, all serial, or parallel/serial when the battery pack is not in charging/discharging. 8. The method as claimed in claim 7, wherein the type of battery pack is secondary rechargeable battery, solar cell battery or fuel cell battery. 9. The method as claimed in claim 8, further comprises reducing the overall voltage of the battery pack by changing the connections of batteries to be all parallel or parallel/serial connection before assembling or disassembling the battery pack. 10. The method as claimed in claim 8, further comprises bypassing a disabled battery according as: it's series-wound only battery, changes the state of one adjacent series-parallel switch of this battery from series to parallel; or it's parallel-wound battery, a. changes the states of all series-parallel switches to series-wound, then changes the state of one adjacent series-parallel switch of this battery from series to parallel; b. changes the states of rest series-parallel switches to be a proper parallel/serial connection; or c. changes the states of all series-parallel switches to parallel-wound. 11. The method as claimed in claim 8, further comprises balancing the voltages of series-wound batteries by changing the states of series-parallel switches among series-wound batteries to parallel-wound connection if the battery pack is secondary battery. 12. The method as claimed in claim 7, wherein the electronic controller can control the on/off state of charging/discharging route of the battery pack and can monitor the voltage and/or state of charge and/or protection status of batteries via the bus protocol or analog to digital converter. 13. The method as claimed in claim 12, further comprises detecting the difference in voltage or the state of charge of batteries is over a predetermined difference, if the battery pack is secondary battery, then it can record the connective states between batteries and the state of charging/discharging route, turns off the charging/discharging route, then changes switches of series-wound batteries to parallel-wound in a while to balance voltage, then restores the previous connective states of battery pack and restores the state of charging/discharging route when the battery pack is not in discharging. 14. The method as claimed in claim 12, further comprises turning off the charging/discharging route if the battery pack is secondary battery and in charging, temporarily suspend the charging process, then changes the states of series-parallel switches among batteries to be all parallel, all serial, or parallel/serial connection, and turn on the charging/discharging route to resume charging of the battery pack. 