A photovoltaic module (and a manufacturing method and system thereof) is provided. The photovoltaic module includes a base substrate, a nano-porous layer of an inorganic material deposited over the base substrate, and a photovoltaic layer of an organic material formed over the nano-porous layer. The nano-porous layer includes a plurality of nano-pores in which the organic material is deposited. The photovoltaic layer is capable of converting solar energy into electricity. The photovoltaic module also includes at least two electrodes capable of collecting electricity generated by the photovoltaic layer.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic module comprising: a base substrate for providing support; a nano-porous layer of an inorganic material deposited over said base substrate, said nano-porous layer comprising a plurality of nano-pores; a photovoltaic layer of an organic material formed over said nano-porous layer, said organic material being deposited into said nano-pores, said photovoltaic layer being capable of converting solar energy into electricity; and at least two electrodes capable of collecting electricity generated by said photovoltaic layer. 2. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, wherein said inorganic material is selected from the group consisting of Cadmium Sulfide (CdS), Cadmium Telluride (CdTe), Copper Indium Diselenide (CuInSe.sub.2), Copper Indium/Gallium Selenide (CIGS), Stannous Sulfide (SnS), Copper Zinc Tin Sulfide (Cu.sub.2ZnSnS.sub.4), Copper Aluminum Tin Selenide (CuAlSnSe.sub.4), and Lead Selenide (PbSe). 3. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, wherein said organic material is selected from the group consisting of Poly[5,5-bis(3-dodecyl-2-thienyl)-2,2-bithiophene (PQT-12), Poly(3-hexylthiophene) (P3HT), Copper Phthalocyanine (CuPc), Zinc Phthalocyanine (ZnPc), Poly[2-methoxy-5-(3,7-dimethyloctyloxy)]-1,4-phenylene vinylene (MDMO:PPV), and Poly carbazole. 4. The photovoltaic module of claim 1, wherein the thickness of said nano-porous layer ranges from 100 nm to 200 nm, the size of said nano-pores ranges from 100 nm to 200 nm, and the molecular size of said organic material ranges from 100 nm to 200 nm. 5. The photovoltaic module of claim 1 further comprising a transparent member positioned over said photovoltaic layer. 6. The photovoltaic module of claim 1 further comprising a laminate encapsulating said base substrate, said nano-porous layer, said photovoltaic layer and said at least two electrodes. 7. A photovoltaic module system for generating electricity from solar energy, said photovoltaic module system comprising: a base substrate for providing support; a nano-porous layer of an inorganic material deposited over said base substrate, said nano-porous layer comprising a plurality of nano-pores; a photovoltaic layer of an organic material formed over said nano-porous layer, said organic material being deposited into said nano-pores, said photovoltaic layer being capable of converting solar energy into electricity; at least two electrodes capable of collecting electricity generated by said photovoltaic layer; and a power-consuming unit adapted to consume charge generated by said photovoltaic module, said power-consuming unit being connected electrically with said photovoltaic module. 8. The photovoltaic module system of claim 7, wherein said inorganic material is selected from the group consisting of Cadmium Sulfide (CdS), Cadmium Telluride (CdTe), Copper Indium Diselenide (CuInSe.sub.2), Copper Indium/Gallium Selenide (CIGS), Stannous Sulfide (SnS), Copper Zinc Tin Sulfide (Cu.sub.2ZnSnS.sub.4), Copper Aluminum Tin Selenide (CuAlSnSe.sub.4), and Lead Selenide (PbSe). 9. The photovoltaic module system of claim 7, wherein said organic material is selected from the group consisting of Poly[5,5-bis(3-dodecyl-2-thienyl)-2,2-bithiophene (PQT-12), Poly(3-hexylthiophene) (P3HT), Copper Phthalocyanine (CuPc), Zinc Phthalocyanine (ZnPc), Poly[2-methoxy-5-(3,7-dimethyloctyloxy)]-1,4-phenylene vinylene (MDMO:PPV), and Poly carbazole. 10. The photovoltaic module system of claim 7, wherein the thickness of said nano-porous layer ranges from 100 nm to 200 nm, the size of said nano-pores ranges from 100 nm to 200 nm, and the molecular size of said organic material ranges from 100 nm to 200 nm. 11. The photovoltaic module system of claim 7 further comprising a charge controller adapted to control the amount of charge consumed by said power-consuming unit, said charge controller being connected electrically with said power-consuming unit and said photovoltaic module. 12. The photovoltaic module system of claim 7 further comprising an inverter adapted to convert electricity from a first form to a second form, wherein electricity is generated by flow of charge consumed by said power-consuming unit, said inverter being connected electrically with said power-consuming unit, and wherein said first form and said second form are selected from the group consisting of an alternating current and a direct current. 13. A method of manufacturing a photovoltaic module, said method comprising: forming a first electrode over a first surface of a base substrate; depositing a nano-porous layer of an inorganic material over said first electrode, using a chemical bath deposition, said nano-porous layer comprising a plurality of nano-pores; forming a photovoltaic layer of an organic material over said nano-porous layer, said organic material being deposited into said nano-pores, said photovoltaic layer being capable of converting solar energy into electricity; and forming a second electrode over said photovoltaic layer, wherein said first electrode and said second electrode are capable of collecting electricity generated by said photovoltaic layer. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein said depositing said nano-porous layer comprises performing an ultrasonic-assisted chemical bath deposition of said inorganic material over said first electrode. 15. The method of claim 13, wherein said depositing said nano-porous layer comprises performing a microwave-assisted chemical bath deposition of said inorganic material over said first electrode. 16. The method of claim 13, wherein said depositing said nano-porous layer comprises using at least one complexing agent selected from the group consisting of Ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid (EDTA), Sodium Citrate, Hydrazine, Triethylamine, and Triethanolamine. 17. The method of claim 13, wherein said depositing said nano-porous layer comprises: controlling the thickness of said nano-porous layer and the size of said nano-pores; and forming said nano-pores with sizes ranging from 100 nm to 200 nm. 18. The method of claim 13, wherein said inorganic material is selected from the group consisting of Cadmium Sulfide (CdS), Cadmium Telluride (CdTe), Copper Indium Diselenide (CuInSe.sub.2), Copper Indium/Gallium Selenide (CIGS), Stannous Sulfide (SnS), Copper Zinc Tin Sulfide (Cu.sub.2ZnSnS.sub.4), Copper Aluminum Tin Selenide (CuAlSnSe.sub.4), and Lead Selenide (PbSe). 19. The method of claim 13, wherein said organic material is selected from the group consisting of Poly[5,5-bis(3-dodecyl-2-thienyl)-2,2-bithiophene (PQT-12), Poly(3-hexylthiophene) (P3HT), Copper Phthalocyanine (CuPc), Zinc Phthalocyanine (ZnPc), Poly[2-methoxy-5-(3,7-dimethyloctyloxy)]-1,4-phenylene vinylene (MDMO:PPV), and Poly carbazole. 20. The method of claim 13 further comprising: connecting a power-consuming unit with said photovoltaic module electrically, said power-consuming unit being capable of consuming charge generated by said photovoltaic module; connecting a charge controller with said power-consuming unit and said photovoltaic module electrically, said charge controller being capable of controlling the amount of charge consumed by said power-consuming unit; and connecting an inverter with said power-consuming unit electrically, said inverter being capable of converting electricity from a first form to a second form, wherein electricity is generated by flow of charge consumed by said power-consuming unit, and wherein said first form and said second form are selected from the group consisting of an alternating current and a direct current. 