A DC to DC converter comprises voltage regulation circuitry for generating at least two output voltages responsive to an input voltage. The voltage regulation circuitry further includes a plurality of main switches connected to receive the input voltage. A plurality of auxiliary switches is connected to provide the at least two output voltages. A single inductor is connected between the plurality of main switches and the plurality of auxiliary switches. A dual-output PWM controller provides a first PWM control signal for controlling the operation of the plurality of main switches responsive to a first feedback voltage from a first output voltage using a first control loop and provides a second PWM control signal for controlling the operation of the plurality of auxiliary switches responsive to a second feedback voltage from a second output voltage using a second control loop. Current mode control can be used for each control loop to reduce the cross regulation problem.
Claims 1. A DC to DC converter, comprising: voltage regulation circuitry for generating at least two output voltages responsive to an input voltage, wherein the voltage regulation circuitry further comprises: a plurality of main switches connected to receive the input voltage; a plurality of auxiliary switches connected to provide the at least two output voltages; a single inductor connected between the plurality of main switches and the plurality of auxiliary switches; a dual-output PWM controller for providing a first PWM control signal for controlling the operation of the plurality of main switches responsive to a first feedback voltage from a first output voltage using a first control loop and for providing a second PWM control signal for controlling the operation of the plurality of auxiliary switches responsive to a second feedback voltage from a second output voltage using a second control loop. 2. The DC to DC converter of claim 1, further comprising: a first driver circuit for driving the plurality of main switches responsive to the first PWM signal; and a second driver circuit for driving the plurality of auxiliary switches responsive to the second PWM signal. 3. The DC to DC converter of claim 2, wherein first and second control signals for driving the plurality of main switches are complementary and further wherein first and second control signals for driving the plurality of auxiliary switches are complementary. 4. The DC to DC converter of claim 2, wherein the first control loop further comprises: a first error amplifier for comparing the first feedback voltage with a reference voltage and generating a first error voltage signal responsive thereto; a first comparator for comparing the first error voltage signal with a slope compensation signal and generating a first PWM control signal responsive thereto; and a first PWM modulator for generating the first PWM signal for driving the plurality of main switches responsive to the first PWM control signal. 5. The DC to DC converter of claim 4, wherein the second control loop further comprise: a second error amplifier for comparing the second feedback voltage with the reference voltage and generating a second error voltage signal responsive thereto; a second comparator for comparing the second error voltage signal with the slope compensation signal and generating a second PWM control signal responsive thereto; and a second PWM modulator for generating the second PWM signal for driving the plurality of auxiliary switches responsive to the second PWM control signal. 6. The DC to DC converter of claim 5, further including: a first proportional-integral-differential compensation network connected in a first feedback loop between an output of the first error amplifier and a first feedback input of the first error amplifier; and a second proportional-integral-differential compensation network connected in a second feedback loop between an output of the second error amplifier and a first feedback input of the second error amplifier. 7. The DC to DC converter of claim 5, further including: a current sense network for monitoring a current through the inductor and generate a sensed inductor current waveform; and at least one adder circuit for generating the slope compensation signal by adding the sensed inductor current waveform with a ramp signal. 8. A dual-output PWM controller for a single inductor dual output DC to DC converter, comprising: a plurality of feedback inputs, each from an output of a network for monitoring an output voltage of the dual-output, single inductor DC to DC converter; a first control loop for providing a first PWM signal for controlling the operation of a plurality of main switches of the DC to DC converter responsive to a first feedback voltage from a first feedback input; a second control loop for providing a second PWM signal for controlling the operation of a plurality of auxiliary switches of the DC to DC converter responsive to a second feedback voltage from a second feedback input; an output associated with each of the first and the second control loops providing the first and the second PWM signals. 9. The dual-output PWM controller of claim 8, wherein the first and the second PWM signals enable generation of first and second control signals for driving the first and the second main switches are complementary and further wherein first and second control signals for driving the first and the second auxiliary switches are complementary. 10. The dual-output PWM controller of claim 8, wherein the first control loop further comprises: a first error amplifier for comparing the first feedback voltage with a reference voltage and generating a first error voltage signal responsive thereto; a first comparator for comparing the first error voltage signal with a compensation signal and generating a first PWM control signal responsive thereto; and a first PWM modulator for generating the first PWM signal for driving the first and the second main switches responsive to the first PWM control signal. 11. The dual-output PWM controller of claim 10, wherein the second control loop further comprise: a second error amplifier for comparing the second feedback voltage with the reference voltage and generating a second error voltage signal responsive thereto; a second comparator for comparing the second error voltage signal with the compensation signal and generating a second PWM control signal responsive thereto; and a second PWM modulator for generating the second PWM signal for driving the first and the second auxiliary switches responsive to the second PWM control signal. 12. The dual-output PWM controller of claim 11, further including: a first proportional-integral-differential compensation network connected in a first feedback loop between an output of the first error amplifier and a first feedback input of the first error amplifier; and a second proportional-integral-differential compensation network connected in a second feedback loop between an output of the second error amplifier and a first feedback input of the second error amplifier. 13. The dual-output PWM controller of claim 11 further including: a first adder circuit, within the first control loop, for generating a first slope compensation signal by adding a sensed inductor current waveform associated with an inductor of the DC to DC converter with a ramp signal; and a second adder circuit, within the second control loop, for generating a second slope compensation signal by adding the sensed inductor current waveform associated with an inductor of the DC to DC converter with the ramp signal. 14. A method for providing DC to DC voltage regulation within a dual output, single inductor DC to DC voltage regulator, comprising the steps of: receiving an input voltage; monitoring a feedback voltage from a plurality of outputs of the voltage regulator; providing a first PWM signal for controlling the operation of a plurality of main switches of the voltage regulator responsive to a first feedback voltage from a first output using a first control loop; providing a second PWM signal for controlling the operation of a plurality of auxiliary switches responsive to a second feedback voltage from a second output using a second control loop; switching the plurality of main switches responsive to the first PWM signal; switching the plurality of auxiliary switches responsive to the second PWM signal; and generating at least two output voltages responsive to the input voltage and the switching of the main switches and the auxiliary switches. 15. The method of claim 14, further comprising the steps of: driving the plurality of main switches responsive to the first PWM signal; and driving the plurality of auxiliary switches responsive to the second PWM signal. 16. The method of claim 14, wherein the step of providing the first PWM signal further comprises the steps of: comparing a first feedback voltage with a reference voltage; generating a first error voltage signal responsive to the comparison of the first feedback voltage and the reference voltage; comparing the first error voltage signal with a slope compensation signal; generating a first PWM control signal responsive the comparison of the first error voltage signal and the slope compensation signal; and generating the first PWM signal for driving the plurality of main switches responsive to the first PWM control signal. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein the step of providing the second PWM signal further comprises the steps of: comparing a second feedback voltage with the reference voltage; generating a second error voltage signal responsive to the comparison of the second feedback voltage and the reference voltage; comparing the second error voltage signal with the slope compensation signal; generating a second PWM control signal responsive the comparison of the second error voltage signal and the slope compensation signal; and generating the second PWM signal for driving the plurality of main switches responsive to the second PWM control signal. 18. The method of claim 17, further including the steps of: providing a first proportional-integral-differential compensation network connected in a first feedback loop between an output of the first error amplifier and a first feedback input of the first error amplifier; providing a second proportional-integral-differential compensation network connected in a second feedback loop between an output of the second error amplifier and a first feedback input of the second error amplifier; altering the first feedback voltage responsive to the first proportional-integral-differential compensation network; and altering the second feedback voltage responsive to the second proportional-integral-differential compensation network. 19. The method of claim 18, further including steps of: monitoring a current through an inductor of the voltage regulator; generating a sensed inductor current waveform for the inductor of the voltage regulator; and generating the slope compensation signal by adding the sensed inductor current waveform with a ramp signal. 20. A solar system comprising: at least one solar panel; a DC to DC converter connected to an output of each of the at least one solar panels, the DC to DC converter comprising: voltage regulation circuitry for generating at least two output voltages responsive to an input voltage, wherein the voltage regulation circuitry further comprises: a plurality of main switches connected to receive the input voltage; a plurality of auxiliary switches connected to provide the at least two output voltages; a single inductor connected between the plurality of main switches and the plurality of auxiliary switches; a dual-output PWM controller for providing a first PWM control signal for controlling the operation of the plurality of main switches responsive to a first feedback voltage from a first output voltage using a first control loop and for providing a second PWM control signal for controlling the operation of the plurality of auxiliary switches responsive to a second feedback voltage from a second output voltage using a second control loop. 