A diver's buoy is provided. The buoy includes a floatation device that carries a display panel. A power source and light source are provided to increase visibility of the buoy. Stabilization devices may be provided to reduce pitching of the buoy to also improve visibility.
Claims 1. A buoy for use by scuba divers, comprising: a floatation member; an orientation device which maintains said floatation device in a generally upright orientation when said floatation device is placed in a body of water; a display panel associated with said floatation device, said display panel including at least one light source operable to provide an image indicating the location of the floatation member; a power source associated with said floatation device, said power source providing power to said at least one light source; and a tether associated with said floatation device, wherein said display panel indicates the presence of an individual in the water. 2. The buoy of claim 1, wherein said orientation device is at least one outrigger type float secured to an outer surface of said floatation device. 3. The buoy of claim 1, wherein said orientation device is a ballast member secured to an underside of said floatation device. 4. The buoy of claim 1, wherein said at least one light source cooperates with said display panel to illuminate said display panel and indicia positioned on said display panel. 5. The buoy of claim 4, wherein said indicia is a diver's flag. 6. The buoy of claim 1, including a sign secured to said floatation device, said sign including at least one panel, said at least one light source positioned to illuminate said at least one panel. 7. The buoy of claim 6, wherein said sign includes a plurality of panels, said at least one light source positioned to illuminate all of said panels. 8. The buoy of claim 6, wherein said sign is removable from said floatation device, said sign includes mounting members thereon, said mounting members being constructed and arranged to secure said sign to a vessel. 9. The buoy of claim 8, wherein said mounting members are suction cups. 10. The buoy of claim 1 including an attachment device positioned on said floatation device, said tether secured to said attachment device, whereby said floatation device can be secured to a vessel or land. 11. The buoy of claim 1 wherein said power source includes a battery system, said battery system includes a rechargeable battery and a solar panel, said solar panel is electrically connected to said rechargeable battery to effect charging of said rechargeable battery. 12. The buoy of claim 11 wherein said battery system provides electrical power to said floatation device when there is no sunlight. 13. The buoy of claim 1 including a diver's flag mounted on a rod above said display panel. 14. The buoy of claim 1 wherein said floatation device includes an outer wall forming a housing, said housing being separable into at least two components, said at least two components providing access to the interior of said floatation device when said at least two components are separated, said at least one light source is positioned within said housing. 15. The buoy of claim 14 including a bore in said outer wall of said floatation device, said bore extending into the interior of said housing. 16. The buoy of claim 15 including a rod, said rod extending from the interior of said housing, through said bore and outwardly from said outer wall of said housing. 17. The buoy of claim 16 wherein said display panel is mounted on said rod on the exterior of said housing. 18. The buoy of claim 1 including a GPS device positioned on said floatation device. 19. The buoy of claim 1 including a digital wireless communications device positioned on said floatation device. 20. The buoy of claim 19 wherein said GPS device is in communication with said digital wireless communications device. 