The present invention discloses a compact solar concentrator module and array preferably with cooling and heat extraction system for converting solar energy to other energy forms preferably electric and thermal energies. The solar concentrator module comprises a vacant structure with a substantially reflective parabolic inside surface, as well as a focal device disposed within the vacant structure for receiving a solar energy converter or a solar cell preferably photovoltaic cell. the focal device being positioned proximate to the focal point of the reflective parabolic inside surface, and a transparent cover coupled to the vacant structure opposing to the reflective parabolic inside surface for transmitting sunlight therein.
Claims 1. A solar concentrator module for collecting and converting solar energy to other energy forms, comprising: a vacant structure with a reflective parabolic inside surface; a focal device disposed within the vacant structure for receiving a solar energy converter, the focal device being positioned proximate to a focal point of the reflective parabolic inside surface; and a cover coupled to the vacant structure, the cover opposing to the reflective parabolic inside surface for transmitting sunlight therein. 2. The module of claim 1, wherein the vacant structure is formed within a rectangle-shaped box. 3. The module of claim 1, wherein the vacant structure is manufactured by one of the following processes: metal casting; metal forging; plastic injection molding; glass blowing; and glass molding. 4. The module of claim 1, wherein the interior height of the vacant structure is 6'' and the interior diameter of the parabolic surface is 24''. 5. The module of claim 1, wherein the reflective parabolic inside surface is made of a substance which reflects light. 6. The module of claim 1, wherein a layer of reflecting substance is disposed over the parabolic inside surface. 7. The module of claim 1, further comprising a solar energy converter mounted onto the focal device. 8. The module of claim 7, wherein the solar energy converter includes a solar cell. 9. The module of claim 8, wherein the solar cell includes one of the following: a photovoltaic cell; and a dye-sensitized solar cell. 10. The module of claim 7, further comprising: a cable set connected to the solar energy converter for forwarding electricity to an external power storage device. 11. The module of claim 1, further comprising: a heat extractor coupled to the focal device, wherein the heat extractor absorbs heat and is connected with a heat conduit, the heat conduit transferring heat outbound. 12. The module of claim 11, wherein the heat conduit is made of one of the following: a solid metal; and a pipeline for carrying liquid. 13. The module of claim 1, further comprising: a solar tracking mechanism attached to the solar concentrator module, the tracking mechanism being capable of adjusting the orientation of the solar concentrator module to improve sunlight exposure. 14. The module of claim 1, further comprising: a remote control and management system constantly receiving data from the module to monitor and control operations thereof. 15. The module of claim 1, further comprising: a plurality of reflective parabolic inside surfaces; and a plurality of focal devices disposed within the vacant structure for receiving a solar energy converter, each being positioned proximate to the focal point of the corresponding reflective parabolic inside surface. 16. The module of claim 15, wherein the interior height of the vacant structure is 0.5'' and the interior diameter of the parabolic surfaces is 2''. 17. The module of claim 15, wherein the reflective parabolic inside surfaces made of a substance which reflects light. 18. The module of claim 15, wherein a layer of reflecting substance is disposed over the parabolic inside surfaces. 19. The module of claim 15, further comprising a plurality of solar energy converters mounted onto the focal devices respectively. 20. The module of claim 19, wherein the solar energy converters include solar cells. 21. The module of claim 20, wherein the solar cells include one of the following: a photovoltaic cell; and a dye-sensitized solar cell. 22. The module of claim 19, further comprising: cable sets connected to the solar energy converters for forwarding electricity to an external power storage device. 23. The module of claim 15, further comprising: a plurality of heat extractors coupled to the focal devices, wherein the heat extractors are connected with each other through a heat conduit transferring heat outbound. 24. The module of claim 23, wherein the heat conduit is made of one of the following: a solid metal; and a pipeline for carrying liquid. 25. The module of claim 23, wherein the heat extractors and heat conduit are manufactured by one of the following technologies: thin film; and thick film. 26. The module of claim 15, further comprising: a solar tracking mechanism attached to the solar concentrator module, the tracking mechanism being capable of adjusting the orientation of the solar concentrator module to improve sunlight exposure. 27. The module of claim 15, further comprising: a remote control and management system constantly receiving data from the module to monitor and control operations thereof. 28. A method for collecting and converting solar energy to other energy forms using an apparatus, the apparatus comprising: a vacant structure with a reflective parabolic inside surface; a focal device disposed within the vacant structure for receiving a solar, energy converter, the focal device being positioned proximate to a focal point of the reflective parabolic inside surface; and a cover coupled to the vacant structure, the cover opposing to the reflective parabolic inside surface for transmitting sunlight therein. 29. The method of claim 28, wherein the vacant structure is formed within a rectangle-shaped box. 30. The method of claim 28, wherein the vacant structure is manufactured by one of the following processes: metal casting; metal forging; plastic injection molding; glass blowing; and glass molding. 31. The method of claim 28, wherein the interior height of the vacant structure is 6'' and the interior diameter of the parabolic surface is 24''. 32. The method of claim 28, wherein the reflective parabolic inside surface is made of a substance which reflects light. 33. The method of claim 28, wherein a layer of reflecting substance is disposed over the parabolic inside surface. 34. The method of claim 28, wherein the apparatus further comprises a solar energy converter mounted onto the focal device. 35. The method of claim 34, wherein the solar energy converter includes a solar cell. 36. The method of claim 35, wherein the solar cell includes one of the following: a photovoltaic cell; and a dye-sensitized solar cell. 37. The method of claim 34, wherein the apparatus further comprises: a cable set connected to the solar energy converter for forwarding electricity to an external power storage device. 38. The method of claim 28, wherein the apparatus further comprises: a heat extractor coupled to the focal device, wherein the heat extractor absorbs heat and is connected with a heat conduit, the heat conduit transferring heat outbound. 39. The method of claim 38, wherein the heat conduit is made of one of the following: a solid metal; and a pipeline for carrying liquid. 40. The method of claim 28, wherein the apparatus further comprises: a solar tracking mechanism attached to the solar concentrator module, the tracking mechanism being capable of adjusting the orientation of the solar concentrator module to improve sunlight exposure. 41. The method of claim 28, wherein the apparatus further comprises: a remote control and management system constantly receiving data from the module to monitor and control operations thereof. 42. The method of claim 28, wherein the apparatus further comprises: a plurality of reflective parabolic inside surfaces; and a plurality of focal devices disposed within the vacant structure for receiving a solar energy converter, each being positioned proximate to the focal point of the corresponding reflective parabolic inside surface. 43. The method of claim 42, wherein the interior height of the vacant structure is 0.5'' and the interior diameter of the parabolic surfaces is 2''. 44. The method of claim 42, wherein the reflective parabolic inside surfaces are made of a substance which reflects light. 45. The method of claim 42, wherein a layer of reflecting substance is disposed over the parabolic inside surfaces. 46. The method of claim 42, wherein the apparatus further comprises a plurality of solar energy converters mounted onto the focal devices respectively. 47. The method of claim 46, wherein the solar energy converters include solar cells. 48. The method of claim 47, wherein the solar cells include one of the following: a photovoltaic cell; and a dye-sensitized solar cell. 49. The method of claim 46, wherein the apparatus further comprises: cable sets connected to the solar energy converters for forwarding electricity to an external power storage device. 50. The method of claim 42, wherein the apparatus further comprises: a plurality of heat extractors coupled to the focal devices, wherein the heat extractors are connected with each other through a heat conduit transferring heat outbound. 51. The method of claim 50, wherein the heat conduit is made of one of the following: a solid metal; and a pipeline for carrying liquid. 52. The method of claim 50, wherein the heat extractors and heat conduit are manufactured by one of the following technologies: thin film; and thick film. 53. The method of claim 42, wherein the apparatus further comprises: a solar tracking mechanism attached to the solar concentrator module, the tracking mechanism being capable of adjusting the orientation of the solar concentrator module to improve sunlight exposure. 54. The method of claim 42, wherein the apparatus further comprises: a remote control and management system constantly receiving data from the module to monitor and control operations thereof. 