A mobile power system includes a plurality of energy sources, a plurality of electronic and telecommunications components configured to convert power generated by the plurality of energy sources to direct current (DC) power, wherein the plurality of electronic and telecommunications components condition the DC power and direct the conditioned DC power to a Public Switch Telephony Network (PSTN), and one or more transportable housings configured to hold the plurality of energy sources and the plurality of electronic and telecommunications components during transport of the one or more housings.
Claims 1. A mobile power system, comprising: a plurality of energy sources; a plurality of electronic and telecommunications components configured to convert power generated by the plurality of energy sources to direct current (DC) power, wherein the plurality of electronic and telecommunications components condition the DC power and direct the conditioned DC power to a Public Switch Telephony Network (PSTN); and one or more transportable housings configured to hold the plurality of energy sources and the plurality of electronic and telecommunications components during transport of the one or more housings. 2. The mobile power system of claim 1, wherein the one or more transportable housings comprises a first end, a second end opposite the first end, a top wall, a first side wall, a second side wall opposite the first side wall, a bottom wall, and at least one opening disposed in the first end, the second end, the first side wall, the second side wall, the top wall, or a combination comprising at least one of the foregoing. 3. The mobile power system of claim 1, wherein at least one of the one or more transportable housings comprises a control room disposed in a rearmost portion of the housing opposite the at least one opening, wherein the control room is configured to house control equipment disposed to control the plurality of energy sources. 4. The mobile power system of claim 3, wherein the control room further comprises a cooling unit disposed in an end or wall of the housing at the rearmost portion, wherein the cooling unit is configured to control a temperature and a humidity in the control room. 5. The mobile power system of claim 3, further comprising an agnostic communications terminal in communication with at least one of the plurality of energy sources, the agnostic communications terminal being disposed to communicate monitoring statistics associated with the mobile power system over a plurality of communications mediums. 6. The mobile power system of claim 5, wherein the plurality of communications mediums includes BGAN, KU Band, CDMA, GSM, IDEN, UMTS, LTE, GSMR, UHF, VHF, HF, and military frequency communications. 7. The mobile power system of claim 3, further comprising an agnostic communications terminal in communication with the control equipment, the agnostic communications terminal being disposed to communicate monitoring statistics associated with the mobile power system over a plurality of communications mediums. 8. The mobile power system of claim 7, wherein the plurality of communications mediums includes BGAN, KU Band, CDMA, GSM, IDEN, UMTS, LTE, GSMR, UHF, VHF, HF, and military frequency communications. 9. The mobile power system of claim 1, wherein the one or more transportable housings satisfy International Organization for Standardization container standards, Internal Aircraft/Helicopter Slingable Unit standards, Container Safety Convention standards, Coast Guard Certification standards, Military Specification standards, Mine Resistant Ambush Protected standards, or a combination comprising at least one of the foregoing industrial or military standards. 10. The mobile power system of claim 1, wherein the plurality of energy sources includes at least one of a solar powered generating device, a wind powered generating device, a hydrogen fuel cell powered generating device, and a bio-diesel powered generating device. 11. The mobile power system of claim 1, wherein the conditioned DC power is highly conditioned DC power within five percent total harmonic distortion. 12. The mobile power system of claim 1, wherein the conditioned DC power is directed to the PSTN over a forty-eight volt DC bus. 13. The mobile power system of claim 1, wherein the conditioned DC power is directed to the PSTN over a wide bus. 14. The mobile power system of claim 13, wherein the wide bus includes a forty-eight volt DC medium and a twelve volt DC medium. 15. The mobile power system of claim 13, wherein the wide bus includes a range of mediums disposed to provide DC power at a plurality of DC voltages. 16. The mobile power system of claim 15, wherein the range of mediums is a range from about twelve volts DC to forty-eight volts DC. 