A solar conversion system with a solar collector that is shaped to focus reflected sunlight along an area with a substantially constant flux density. The area shape can be resemble a rectangular, square, circular, or other shape. Included with the system is a solar conversion module having a photovoltaic cell that is alignable with the area. The cell converts the focused reflected sunlight into electrical energy when aligned with the area.
Claims 1. A solar energy conversion system to convert solar light energy into electrical energy, the system comprising: a. a first solar collector having a reflective front surface contoured so that when positioned to receive solar light energy from the sun, the solar light energy contacts the reflective surface, is reflected from the collector outwardly from the reflective surface, and is concentrated in a planar portion of a plane having substantially constant flux density throughout the planar portion to thereby define a planar focal area; b. a photovoltaic cell having at least a portion of a surface coincident with the planar focal area to receive the concentrated light energy thereon; and c. a resistive load in electrical communication with the photovoltaic cell so that the concentrated light energy received by the photovoltaic cell is thereby converted to electrical energy and communicated to the resistive load. 2. A system as defined in claim 1, wherein the planar focal area has a shape of the outer peripheries thereof being selected from the list consisting of: a rectangle, a square, a circle, and an ellipse. 3. A system as defined in claim 1, wherein a ratio of photovoltaic cell surface area to the planar focal area ranges from about 1:2 to about 3:2. 4. A system as defined in claim 1, wherein discrete amounts of solar light energy reflect from locations on the reflective surface define paths from the reflective surface to corresponding locations on the focal area and wherein the paths do not intersect. 5. A system as defined in claim 1, further comprising a second solar collector having a front surface and a rear surface positioned to face the reflective front surface of the first solar collector, a shaded area adjacent the second solar collector rear surface, and wherein the photovoltaic cell is connected to the rear surface of the second solar collector and positioned within the shaded area to receive solar light energy when reflected from the reflective front surface of the first solar collector. 6. A system as defined in claim 1, further comprising a heat transfer system in thermal communication with the photovoltaic cell. 7. A system as defined in claim 1, further comprising a multiplicity of additional collectors and corresponding photovoltaic cells, wherein the collectors are arranged in rows to form an array of collectors. 8. A system for converting solar energy into electricity comprising: a first solar collector having a reflective surface that is shaped so that when solar energy contacts the reflective surface, the solar energy is reflected away from the reflective surface and converges into a planar area to define a focal area of concentrated light having a substantially uniform flux density; a second solar collector disposed on the side of the first solar collecting having the reflective surface and angled with respect to horizontal so that when solar energy is directed towards the second solar collector at least a portion of the solar energy is shielded by the second solar collector to form a shaded space; a solar cell having a reactive surface disposed coincident with the focal area and mounted on a side of the second solar collector in the shaded space, so that when the concentrated light of the focal area impinges on the reactive surface electricity is generated in the solar cell; a heat sink in thermal communication with the solar cell; and a resistive load in electrical communication with the solar cell, so that when electricity is generated in the solar cell, it is communicated to the resistive load. 9. A system as defined in claim 8, wherein the size of the focal area ranges from about 55% to about 70% of the size of the solar cell surface. 10. A system as defined in claim 8, further comprising a heat pipe heat transfer circuit in thermal communication with the heat sink. 11. A method of converting solar energy to electricity comprising: a. providing a collector comprising a reflective side profiled so that when light rays reflect from the reflective side, they converge to a focal area having a substantially uniform flux density; b. providing a solar conversion cell having a surface that coincides in space with the focal area; c. orienting the collector so that the reflective side is in the path of rays from the sun that contact and reflect from the reflective side of the collector and converge onto the surface of the solar conversion cell with substantially uniform flux density that is converted to electricity in the solar conversion cell; and d. directing the electricity converted by the solar conversion cell to a resistive load. 12. A method as defined in claim 11, wherein the focal area has a shape selected from the list consisting of a rectangle, a square, a circle, and an ellipse. 13. A method as defined in claim 11, wherein step (c) comprises orientating the collector in a position to receive maximum light intensity from the rays contacting the collector. 14. A method as defined in claim 13, further comprising continuously orientating the collector in a position to receive maximum light intensity from the rays contacting the collector as the sun changes its relative position to the array. 15. A method as defined in claim 11, further comprising providing a second collector having a reflective side, placing the second collector in substantially the same orientation in front of the collector of step (a), positioning the second collector so that its side opposite its reflective side is adjacent the solar conversion module, and mounting the solar conversion cell onto the second collector. 16. A method as defined in claim 15, wherein the solar conversion cell is placed in an area shaded by the second collector. 17. A method as defined in claim 11, further comprising forming a solar array by repeating steps (a) and (b) to provide a multiplicity of the collectors with a multiplicity of corresponding solar conversion cells. 18. A method as defined in claim 11, wherein the reflective surface is profiled so that when it is positioned in the path of light from the sun, discrete amounts of solar light energy reflect from locations on the reflective surface define paths from the reflective surface to corresponding locations on the focal area and wherein the paths do not intersect. 19. A method as defined in claim 11, wherein the size of the focal area is a percentage of the size of the solar conversion cell. 20. A method as defined in claim 11, wherein the reflective surface is non-parabolic and wherein the collector has an elongate side and is asymmetric along its elongate side. 