A tile system, comprising: --a mounting unit, e.g. a rail fixed to a wall; --a tile unit, e.g. a frame holding a decorative tile; --a tile unit-fastening device configured to fasten the tile unit to the mounting unit, e.g. a pin engaging recesses formed on the mounting and the tile unit, the tile unit-fastening device preferably comprising a repositioning mechanism configured to allow the tile unit to move in one or two directions parallel to the wall after the tile unit is fastened to the mounting unit, e.g. the pin having ribs on its outer surface and the recesses being elongated and having cooperating ribs on their elongated inner faces.
Claims 1. A tile system, comprising: a tile unit, comprising a decorative tile; a mounting unit comprising a base unit; a wall-fastening device configured to fasten the mounting unit to a wall; and a tile unit-fastening device configured to fasten the tile unit to the mounting unit; wherein the mounting unit occupies less than 30 percent of an area of the wall; and wherein at least a portion of the tile unit does not contact the wall directly. 2. The tile system of claim 1, wherein the tile unit further comprises a tile platform, wherein the decorative tile is disposed on or in the tile platform, and wherein at least a portion of the tile platform contacts the mounting unit when the tile unit is fastened to the mounting unit. 3. The tile system of claim 2, wherein the tile platform is a frame component that encapsulates the decorative tile on at least a portion of five sides of the decorative tile. 4. The tile system of claim 2, wherein the tile platform is a solid or porous board. 5. The tile system of claim 1, wherein the base unit comprises a rail-like structure. 6. The tile system of claim 1, wherein the wall-fastening device is integrated into the tile unit, mounting unit, or both. 7. The tile system of claim 1, wherein the tile unit-fastening device comprises a first portion and a second portion, wherein the second portion is configured to engage the first portion to fasten the tile unit to the mounting unit. 8. The tile system of claim 7, wherein the first portion extends from the mounting unit in a direction opposite from the wall, and the second portion is a recessed portion in the tile unit. 9. The tile system of claim 7, wherein the first portion extends from the tile unit in a direction opposite from the decorative tile, and the second portion is a recessed portion in the mounting unit. 10. The tile system of claim 7, wherein the first portion is integral to the tile unit. 11. The tile system of claim 7, wherein the first portion is integral to the mounting unit. 12. The tile system of claim 7, wherein the first portion comprises a repositioning mechanism configured to allow the tile unit to move in one direction parallel to the wall after the tile unit is fastened to the mounting unit. 13. The tile system of claim 1, wherein the tile unit-fastening device comprises a first portion, a second portion, and a third portion, wherein the second portion is configured to engage both the first and third portions to fasten the tile unit to the mounting unit. 14. The tile system of claim 13, wherein the first portion is a recessed portion in the tile unit, the third portion is a recessed portion in the mounting unit, and the second portion is a peg. 15. The tile system of claim 13, wherein the first portion and the third portion extend from the mounting unit in a direction opposite from the wall, and the second portion is a recessed portion in the tile unit. 16. The tile system of claim 13, wherein the first portion and the third portion extend from the tile unit in a direction opposite from the decorative tile, and the second portion is a recessed portion in the mounting unit. 17. The tile system of claim 13, wherein the first portion and the third portion each comprise a repositioning mechanism configured to allow the tile unit to move in one direction parallel to the wall after the tile unit is fastened to the mounting unit. 18. The tile system of claim 1, wherein, when the tile unit is fastened to the mounting unit and the mounting unit is fastened to the wall, there is a gap between at least a portion of the tile unit and the wall. 19. The tile system of claim 18, wherein the gap provides a location for electrical wiring, plumbing, thermal insulation, sound insulation, or an electronic device. 20. The tile system of claim 18, wherein the electronic device is a camera, speaker, photovoltaic cell, thermoelectric device, electrical heater, antenna, or a combination comprising at least one of the foregoing. 21. A tile system, comprising: a plurality of tile units, wherein each tile unit of the plurality of tile units comprises a decorative tile; a plurality of mounting units, wherein each mounting unit of the plurality of mounting units comprises a base unit; a plurality of wall-fastening devices, wherein each wall-fastening device of the plurality of wall-fastening devices is configured to fasten at least a portion of one mounting unit of the plurality of mounting units to a wall; and a plurality of tile unit-fastening devices, wherein each tile unit-fastening device of the plurality of tile unit-fastening devices is configured to fasten at least a portion of one tile unit to one mounting unit of the plurality of mounting units; wherein the plurality of mounting units occupies less than 30 percent of an area of the wall; and wherein at least a portion of each tile unit of the plurality of tile units does not contact the wall directly. 22. The tile system of claim 21, wherein each tile unit further comprises a tile platform, wherein the decorative tile is disposed on or in the tile platform, and wherein at least a portion of the tile platform contacts the mounting unit when the tile unit is fastened to the mounting unit. 23. The tile system of claim 22, wherein the tile platform is a frame component that encapsulates the decorative tile on at least a portion of five sides of the decorative tile. 24. The tile system of claim 22, wherein the tile platform is a solid or porous board. 25. The tile system of claim 21, wherein each base unit comprises a rail-like structure. 26. The tile system of claim 21, wherein each tile unit-fastening device comprises a first portion and a second portion, wherein the second portion is configured to engage the first portion to fasten at least the portion of the one tile unit to the one mounting unit. 27. The tile system of claim 26, wherein the first portion extends from the one mounting unit in a direction opposite from the wall, and the second portion is a recessed portion in the one tile unit. 28. The tile system of claim 26, wherein the first portion extends from the one tile unit in a direction opposite from the decorative tile, and the second portion is a recessed portion in the one mounting unit. 29. The tile system of claim 26, wherein the first portion comprises a repositioning mechanism configured to allow the one tile unit to move in one direction parallel to the wall after the one tile unit is fastened to the one mounting unit. 30. The tile system of claim 21, wherein each tile unit-fastening device comprises a first portion, a second portion, and a third portion, wherein the second portion is configured to engage both the first and third portions to fasten at least the portion of the one tile unit to the one mounting unit. 31. The tile system of claim 30, wherein the first portion is a recessed portion in the one tile unit, the third portion is a recessed portion in the one mounting unit, and the second portion is a peg. 32. The tile system of claim 30, wherein the first portion and the third portion extend from the one mounting unit in a direction opposite from the wall, and the second portion is a recessed portion in the one tile unit. 33. The tile system of claim 30, wherein the first portion and the third portion extend from the one tile unit in a direction opposite from the decorative tile, and the second portion is a recessed portion in the one mounting unit. 34. The tile system of claim 30, wherein the first portion and the third portion each comprise a repositioning mechanism configured to allow the one tile unit to move in one direction parallel to the wall after at least the portion of the one tile unit is fastened to the one mounting unit. 35. The tile system of claim 21, wherein, when the plurality of tile units are fastened to the plurality of mounting units and the plurality of mounting units are fastened to the wall, there is a gap between at least a portion of each tile unit and the wall. 36. The tile system of claim 35, wherein the gap provides a location for electrical wiring, plumbing, thermal insulation, sound insulation, or an electronic device. 37. The tile system of claim 36, wherein the electronic device is a camera, speaker, photovoltaic cell, thermoelectric device, electrical heater, antenna, or a combination comprising at least one of the foregoing. 38. The tile system of claim 21, wherein a visible object is placed on the wall in between at least two of the plurality of tile units. 39. The tile system of claim 38, wherein the visible object is a camera, speaker, sign, placard, artwork, mirror, flat panel television display, computer display, light, photovoltaic cell, thermoelectric device, electrical heater, or a combination comprising at least one of the foregoing. 40. A method of using a tile system, the method comprising: fastening a mounting unit to a wall with a wall-fastening device; and fastening a tile unit, comprising a decorative tile, to the mounting unit with a tile unit-fastening device, wherein at least a portion of the tile unit does not contact the wall. 41. The method of claim 40, wherein fastening the tile unit to the mounting unit creates a gap between at least a portion of the tile unit and the wall. 42. The method of claim 41, further comprising disposing electrical wiring, plumbing, thermal insulation, sound insulation, an electronic device, or a combination comprising at least one of the foregoing in the gap between the wall and at least the portion of the tile unit. 43. The method of claim 40, further comprising fastening a different tile unit to the mounting unit with a different tile unit-fastening device. 44. The method of claim 43, further comprising repositioning the different tile unit in a first direction that is parallel to the wall after fastening the different tile unit to the mounting unit. 45. The method of claim 44, further comprising repositioning the different tile unit in a second direction that is parallel to the wall and perpendicular to the first direction after fastening the different tile unit to the mounting unit. 46. The method of claim 40, further comprising fastening a different mounting unit to the wall with a different wall-fastening device. 47. The method of claim 46, further comprising fastening a different tile unit to the different mounting unit with a different tile unit-fastening device. 48. The method of claim 46, further comprising using a spacing tool to provide a location for fastening the different mounting unit to the wall. 49. The method of claim 40, wherein fastening the mounting unit to the wall with the wall-fastening device occurs after fastening the tile unit to the mounting unit with the tile unit-fastening device. 50. The method of claim 40, further comprising repositioning the tile unit in a first direction that is parallel to the wall after fastening the tile unit to the mounting unit. 51. The method of claim 50, further comprising repositioning the tile unit in a second direction that is parallel to the wall and perpendicular to the first direction after fastening the tile unit to the mounting unit. 52. The method of claim 40, further comprising unfastening the tile unit from the mounting unit. 53. The method of claim 52, wherein the unfastening occurs without damage to the tile unit and/or the mounting unit. 54. The method of claim 52, further comprising refastening the tile unit to the mounting unit. 