The invention relates to a mounting device (3) for at least one module (400) for recovering power from solar radiation that includes a first (54) and second (56) groove arranged in a stationary manner opposite one another. Each groove (54, 56) is capable of receiving a module edge (402A, 402B) while an opposite module edge (402B, 402A) is received in the other groove. In the configuration for maximum sinking of an edge (402A, 402B) of the module (400) into a groove (54, 56) from among the two grooves, the opposite module edge (402B, 402A) is capable of being extracted from the other edge, and the device contains a means (9) for maintaining the module in a position wherein the two opposite module edges (402A, 402 B) are received in the first (54) and second (56) groove, respectively. The grooves (54, 56) are formed in a section (5) making it possible to completely hold up each module (400).
Claims 1-19. (canceled) 20. A support device for supporting at least one energy recovery module for recovering energy from solar radiation, the support device being of the type provided with a first groove and with a second groove that are arranged in stationary manner facing each other, each groove being suitable for receiving one edge of the module while an opposite edge of the module is received in the other groove, said opposite edge being suitable, in the configuration in which one edge of the module is engaged to the maximum extent in one of the first and second grooves, for being extracted from the other groove, the device being provided with holding means for holding the module in a configuration in which the two opposite edges of the module are received respectively in the first groove and in the second groove, said support device comprising a section member that is provided with the first and second grooves. 21. A support device according to claim 20, wherein the holding means comprise means for fastening the module relative to the support device. 22. A support device according to claim 20, wherein the first groove and the second groove have different depths, the holding means comprising a locking rod arranged in the groove of greater depth. 23. A support device according to claim 3, wherein the locking rod is suitable for actuating an alarm system in the event that the locking rod is extracted from the groove in which it is arranged. 24. A support device according to claim 20, wherein the section member is made from a metal blank that is shaped by continuous forming. 25. A support device according to claim 20, wherein a layer of insulating material is placed on a side of the section member that is designed to face towards the inside of a building equipped with the support device. 26. A support device according to claim 20, wherein the section member is provided with cutouts making it possible for light and/or cooling air to pass through to or from a volume defined between the section member and a module mounted on said section member. 27. A device according to claim 20, wherein it is further provided with a member suitable for exerting a resilient force on an edge of a module engaged in the groove, which force is perpendicular to a main plane of the module. 28. A device according to claim 20, wherein it is further provided with a member suitable for exerting a resilient force on an edge of a module that is engaged in one groove, which force is directed towards the other groove in the section member. 29. A device according to claim 20, wherein the section member is provided with means for making it run on continuously from an adjacent section member. 30. A support device according to claim 20, wherein the action member is provided with at least one reinforcing rib, the or each reinforcing rib being suitable for supporting one face of the module when said module is in the configuration in which the two opposite edges of the module are received respectively in the first groove and in the second groove. 31. A support device according to claim 20, wherein the first and second grooves are arranged in the section member(s) in such a manner that, when the module is in the configuration in which the two opposite edges of the module are received respectively in the first groove and in the second groove, an air flow volume is defined between a web of the section member and the module. 32. A support device according to claim 31, wherein it is further provided with at least one pipe through which a heat transfer fluid can flow, said pipe being arranged in said air flow volume. 33. A support device according to claim 20, wherein the section member comprises a web and two side flanges, each side flange defining one of the first and second grooves. 34. A support device according to claim 20, wherein it is further provided with fastening means for fastening the module relative to the or to each section member, said fastening means including self-locking elements suitable for being fastened to the or to each section member in such a manner as to be adjustable in a longitudinal direction of the section member. 35. A device according to claim 34, wherein the self-locking elements are made up of two parts suitable for being clamped around a portion of the section member. 36. An energy recovery unit for recovering energy from solar radiation, the unit being of the type comprising at least one energy recovery module for recovering energy from solar radiation, said energy recovery unit further comprising a support device according to claim 20, the or each module being mounted on the support device. 37. An air removal system for removing air from at least one energy recovery unit for recovering energy from solar radiation according to claim 36, said system comprising ducts for removing hot air contained in a volume, defined between a web of the section member and the module of the unit, towards the outside or towards means for using said hot air. 38. A method of mounting at least one energy recovery module for recovering energy from solar radiation on a structure, such as a roof or a facade of a building or indeed a free-standing structure, by means of a support device according to claim 20, said method being wherein it comprises steps consisting in: pre-mounting the or each module on the section member of the support device by performing at least the following operations: engaging one edge of the module to the maximum extent in one of the first and second grooves in the section member; pivoting the module in such a manner as to bring the opposite edge of the module to face the other of the first and second grooves in the section member; engaging the opposite edge of the module in the other groove in the section member, by moving the module in translation; holding the module stationary relative to the support device in a position in which the two opposite edges of the module are received respectively in the first groove and in the second groove; and fastening the support device to the structure. 