A system is set forth herein which can include a plurality of reflectors adapted to reflect light. The system can further include a plurality of photovoltaic cells. A certain reflector of the plurality of reflectors adapted to reflect light can be adapted to reflect light within a certain wavelength band and can be further adapted to transmit light outside of the certain wavelength band. A photovoltaic cell can be disposed to receive light reflected by the certain reflector.
Claims 1. An apparatus for converting solar energy, the apparatus comprising: an optical element for converging solar radiation; a reflector assembly receiving light transmitted by the optical element and including a first reflector and a second reflector, the first reflector being adapted to reflect a first spectral band of light transmitted by the optical element, the first reflector being adapted to transmit one or more other spectral band of light outside of the first spectral band of light, the second reflector being adapted to reflect a second spectral band of light transmitted by the optical element, said second reflector being adapted to transmit one or more other spectral band of light outside of the second spectral band of light, wherein the apparatus for converting solar energy is configured so that a reflector of the first and second reflector transmits light reflected from the remaining of the first and second reflector; wherein the apparatus for converting solar energy further includes a first photovoltaic cell and a second photovoltaic cell, the first photovoltaic cell being disposed to receive light reflected from the first reflector and being particularly responsive to the first spectral band of light, the first photovoltaic cell having a first active area, the second photovoltaic cell being disposed to receive light reflected from the second reflector and being particularly responsive to the second spectral band of light, the second photovoltaic cell having a second active area, the second active area having a surface area larger than a surface area of the first active area, wherein the second reflector is non-planar and includes a prescription adapting the apparatus so that light reflected by the second reflector is incident on the second active area in a distribution pattern that is more uniform than would be incident on the second active area in the case the second reflector were planar. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the apparatus for converting solar energy is configured so that the first reflector is disposed more proximate the optical element than the second reflector. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the second reflector is microstructured. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the second reflector is curved in a single axis. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the second reflector is curved in two axes. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the first reflector is planar. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the optical element is a fresnel lens. 8. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the first and second photovoltaic cells are mounted on a unitary mounting block. 9. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the second active surface area is defined by silicon, and wherein the first active surface area is defined by a material other than silicon. 10. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the surface area of the second active area is at least two times greater than the surface area of the first active area. 11. An apparatus for converting solar energy, the apparatus comprising: an optical element for converging solar radiation; a reflector assembly receiving light transmitted by the optical element and including a first reflector and a second reflector, the first reflector being adapted to reflect a first spectral band of light transmitted by the optical element, the first reflector being adapted to transmit one or more other spectral band of light outside of the first spectral band of light, the second reflector being adapted to reflect a second spectral band of light transmitted by the optical element, the second reflector being adapted to transmit one or more other spectral band of light outside of the second spectral band of light, wherein the apparatus for converting solar energy is configured so that a reflector of the first and second reflector transmits light reflected from the remaining of the first and second reflector; wherein the apparatus for converting solar energy further includes a first photovoltaic cell and a second photovoltaic cell, the first photovoltaic cell being disposed to receive light reflected from the first reflector and being particularly responsive to the first spectral band of light, the first photovoltaic cell having a first active area, the second photovoltaic cell disposed to receive light reflected from the second reflector and being particularly responsive to the second spectral band of light, the second photovoltaic cell having a second active area, the second active area having a surface area that is at least 1.5 times the surface area of the first active area, wherein first active area is defined by a first type of material and wherein the second active area is defined by a second type of material. 12. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein the second reflector is non-planar and includes a prescription adapting the apparatus so that light reflected by the second reflector is incident on the second active surface area in a distribution pattern that is more uniform than would be incident on the second active surface area in the case the second reflector were planar. 13. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein the second reflector is curved in a single axis. 14. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein the second reflector is curved in two axes. 15. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein the optical element is a fresnel lens. 16. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein the second active area is defined by silicon, and wherein the first active area is defined by a material other than silicon. 17. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein the apparatus includes secondary optics for increasing a uniformity of light. 18. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein the first and second photovoltaic cells are mounted on a unitary mounting block. 19. An apparatus comprising: an array of converters, wherein first, second, and third converters of the array comprise an optical element for converging solar radiation, a first reflector and a second reflector, the first reflector of the first, second, and third converter adapted to reflect a first spectral band of light transmitted by its respective optical element, the first reflector being adapted to transmit one or more other spectral band of light outside of the first spectral band of light, the second reflector of the first, second, and third converter being adapted to reflect a second spectral band of light transmitted by its respective optical element, the second reflector of the first, second, and third converter being adapted to transmit one or more other spectral band of light outside of the second spectral band of light, wherein the first, second, and third converter further include a first photovoltaic cell and a second photovoltaic cell, the first photovoltaic cell of the first, second, and third converter being disposed to receive light reflected from its respective first reflector and being particularly responsive to the first spectral band of light, the second photovoltaic cell of the first, second, and third converter being disposed to receive light reflected from its respective second reflector and being particularly responsive to the second spectral band of light, the second photovoltaic cell of the first, second, and third converter having an active area surface area that is at least 1.5 times an active area surface area of its respective first photovoltaic cell, wherein the active area of the first photovoltaic cell of the first, second, and third converters is defined by a first type of material and wherein the active area of the second photovoltaic cell of the first, second, and third converter is defined by a second type of material. 20. The apparatus of claim 19, wherein the first photovoltaic cell and the second photovoltaic cell of the first, second, and third converter are each connected to an inverter that converts input electrical power from the first, second, and third converter for output of AC electrical power. 