A concentrated photovoltaic module includes: a base unit including a metal conductor inserted fittingly into an insulating tubular body; a photovoltaic cell disposed in the insulating tubular body and mounted on a top end of the metal conductor; and a hollow light-guiding cover connected sealingly to the insulating tubular body such that the light-guiding cover cooperates with the base unit to define a closed inner space and such that the light-guiding cover guides light into the insulating tubular body of the base unit and onto the photovoltaic cell. The light-guiding cover and the insulating tubular body are made from the same transparent material. A photovoltaic array module including a plurality of the concentrated photovoltaic module is also disclosed.
Claims 1. A concentrated photovoltaic module comprising: a base unit including an insulating tubular body, and a metal conductor inserted fittingly into said insulating tubular body; a photovoltaic cell disposed in said insulating tubular body and mounted on a top end of said metal conductor of said base unit; and a hollow light-guiding cover having a lower open end connected sealingly to said insulating tubular body such that said light-guiding cover cooperates with said base unit to define a closed inner space and such that said light-guiding cover guides light into said insulating tubular body of said base unit and onto said photovoltaic cell; wherein said light-guiding cover and said insulating tubular body of said base unit are made from the same transparent material. 2. The concentrated photovoltaic module as claimed in claim 1, wherein said closed inner space is a vacuum space. 3. The concentrated photovoltaic module as claimed in 1, wherein the transparent material includes a glass material. 4. The concentrated photovoltaic module as claimed in claim 1, wherein said light-guiding cover includes: a bowl-like cap body having a first open end, and a second open end opposite to said first open end and serving as said lower open end, said first open end having a diameter larger than that of said second open end; and a lens body connected sealingly to and covering said first open end of said cap body. 5. The concentrated photovoltaic module as claimed in claim 4, wherein said cap body has an annular rim flange extending radially and outwardly from said first open end, and an annular protrusion extending upward from a top side of said annular rim flange and cooperating with said annular rim flange to define an annular groove that engages a periphery of said lens body. 6. The concentrated photovoltaic module as claimed in claim 4, wherein said lens body is in the form of a Fresnel lens. 7. The concentrated photovoltaic module as claimed in claim 4, wherein: said lens body of said light-guiding cover has a central portion aligned with said photovoltaic cell, said central portion having a convex bottom surface; said cap body of said light-guiding cover has an inner surface; said light-guiding cover further includes a first metal reflective layer coated on said bottom surface of said central portion of said lens body, and a second metal reflective layer coated on said inner surface of said cap body such that light passing through said lens body is reflected by said second metal reflective layer and by said first metal reflective layer onto said photovoltaic cell; and said lens body, said first metal reflective layer, said cap body and said second metal reflective layer cooperatively constitute a structure of a Cassegrain reflector. 8. The concentrated photovoltaic module as claimed in claim 1, wherein said insulating tubular body has an upper end portion connected sealingly to said lower open end of said light-guiding cover, and a lower end portion receiving said metal conductor and said photovoltaic cell therein, said upper end portion having a parabolic-like inner surrounding surface coated with a metal reflective layer such that the light guided into said insulating tubular body of said base unit by said light-guiding cover is reflected onto said photovoltaic cell by said metal reflective layer. 9. A photovoltaic array module comprising: amounting frame having a flat top surface and a bottom surface, and formed with a plurality of mounting holes extending from said top surface to said bottom surface and arranged to form an array; a plurality of concentrated photovoltaic modules mounted respectively in said mounting holes in said mounting frame such that each of said concentrated photovoltaic modules is arranged along a central axis thereof perpendicular to said top surface of said mounting frame, each of said concentrated photovoltaic modules including abase unit including an insulating tubular body, and a metal conductor inserted fittingly into said insulating tubular body, a photovoltaic cell disposed in said insulating tubular body and mounted on a top end of said metal conductor of said base unit, and a hollow light-guiding cover extending through a corresponding one of said mounting holes in said mounting frame, said light-guiding cover having a lower open end connected sealingly to said insulating tubular body such that said light-guiding cover cooperates with said base unit to define a closed inner space and such that said light-guiding cover guides light into said insulating tubular body of said base unit and onto said photovoltaic cell, and an upper end engaged in the corresponding one of said mounting holes in said mounting frame, said light-guiding cover and said insulating tubular body of said base unit being made from the same transparent material; and an anchoring unit for anchoring said light-guiding covers of said concentrated photovoltaic modules to said mounting frame. 10. The photovoltaic array module as claimed in claim 9, wherein: each of said mounting holes in said mounting frame has a large-diameter upper hole portion defined by a first annular wall, a small-diameter lower hole portion defined by a second annular wall, and a flat annular shoulder surface parallel to said top surface of said mounting frame and interconnecting said first annular wall and said second annular wall; and said upper end of said light-guiding cover of each of said concentrated photovoltaic modules has a radially and outward extending annular engaging flange that has an outer diameter substantially equal to a diameter of said upper hole portion of the corresponding one of said mounting holes in said mounting frame and that abuts against said annular shoulder surface in the corresponding one of said mounting holes in said mounting frame such that said annular engaging flange is retained in said upper hole portion of the corresponding one of said mounting holes, thereby engaging said upper end of said light-guiding cover of each of said concentrated photovoltaic modules in the corresponding one of said mounting holes in said mounting frame. 11. The photovoltaic array module as claimed in claim 10, wherein: said annular shoulder surface in each of said mounting holes in said mounting frame is formed with at least one positioning groove; and said light-guiding cover of each of said concentrated photovoltaic modules further has at least one positioning block extending downward from a bottom side of said annular engaging flange and engaging respectively said positioning grooves in said annular shoulder surface in the corresponding one of said mounting holes in said mounting frame. 12. The photovoltaic array module as claimed in claim 10, wherein said anchoring unit includes: a plurality of plate bodies each disposed on said top surface of said mounting frame and partially covering said annular engaging flanges of said light-guiding covers of corresponding ones of said concentrated photovoltaic modules adjacent to one another, said annular engaging flange of said light-guiding cover of each of said concentrated photovoltaic modules being fully covered by corresponding ones of said plate bodies; and a plurality of fasteners each extending through a corresponding one of said plate bodies and into said mounting frame to fasten the corresponding one of said plate bodies on said top surface of said mounting frame. 13. The photovoltaic array module as claimed in claim 12, wherein said annular engaging flange of said light-guiding cover of each of said concentrated photovoltaic modules has a top surface that is not higher than said top surface of said mounting frame and that is formed with an annular receiving groove; said photovoltaic array module further comprising a plurality of elastic buffer members each received in said annular receiving groove in said light-guiding cover of a corresponding one of said concentrated photovoltaic modules and abutting against corresponding ones of said plate bodies that cover the corresponding one of said concentrated photovoltaic modules. 14. The photovoltaic array module as claimed in claim 13, wherein each of said buffer members includes an O-ring. 15. The photovoltaic array module as claimed in claim 10, wherein: said light-guiding cover of each of said concentrated photovoltaic modules includes a bowl-like cap body having a first open end, and a second open end opposite to said first open end and serving as said lower open end, said first open end having a diameter larger than that of said second open end, and a lens body connected sealingly to and covering said first open end of said cap body; and said cap body of said light-guiding cover of each of said concentrated photovoltaic modules further has an annular rim flange extending radially and outward from said first open end, and an annular protrusion extending upward from a top side of said annular rim flange and cooperating with said annular rim flange to define an annular groove that engages a periphery of said lens body, said annular rim flange and said annular protrusion constituting said annular engaging flange. 16. The photovoltaic array module as claimed in claim 15, wherein said lens body of said light-guiding cover of each of said concentrated photovoltaic modules is in the form of a Fresnel lens. 17. The photovoltaic module as claimed in claim 15, wherein, for each of said concentrated photovoltaic modules: said lens body of said light-guiding cover has a central portion aligned with said photovoltaic cell, said central portion having a convex bottom surface; said cap body of said light-guiding cover has an inner surface; said light-guiding cover further includes a first metal reflective layer coated on said bottom surface of said central portion of said lens body, and a second metal reflective layer coated on said inner surface of said cap body such that light passing through said lens body is reflected by said second metal reflective layer and by said first metal reflective layer onto said photovoltaic cell; and said lens body, said first metal reflective layer, said cap body and said second metal reflective layer cooperatively constitute a structure of a Cassegrain reflector. 18. The photovoltaic module as claimed in claim 9, wherein said insulating tubular body of said base unit of each of said concentrated photovoltaic modules has an upper end portion connected sealingly to said lower open end of said light-guiding cover, and a lower end portion receiving said metal conductor and said photovoltaic cell therein, said upper end portion having a parabolic-like inner surrounding surface coated with a metal reflective layer such that the light guided into said insulating tubular body of said base unit by said light-guiding cover is reflected onto said photovoltaic cell by said metal reflective layer. 19. The photovoltaic array module as claimed in claim 9, wherein said closed inner space in each of said concentrated photovoltaic modules is a vacuum space. 20. The photovoltaic array module as claimed in claim 9, wherein the transparent material includes a glass material. 