A remote station may be constructed such that components or the station arc placed upon a skid and transported to a remote site. When deposited at the remote site, the remote station may cause a minimal disturbance on the ground while providing the necessary remote services, such as power and communications, because the skid may simply rest upon the ground, and the components rest atop the skid.
Claims 1. An remote station comprising: a skid configured to hold substantial portions of attached subsystems away from ground at a remote site; and a power subsystem attached to the skid, the power subsystem comprising at least one power generation system and at least one power storage system. 2. The remote power station of claim 1, wherein the power generation system comprises at least one solar panel connected to the skid. 3. The remote power station of claim 1, wherein the power generation system comprises at least one LPG generator connected to the skid. 4. The remote power station of claim 1, wherein the power generation system comprises at least one propane tank connected to the skid. 5. The remote power station of claim 1, further comprising a communications subsystem. 6. The remote power station of claim 5, wherein the communications subsystem further comprises: a tower attached to the base; and an antenna attached to the tower. 7. The remote power station of claim 5, wherein the communications subsystem is configured to receive its power from the power subsystem. 8. The remote power station of claim 1, further comprising a loading connector configured to translate force applied to the connector into movement of the base. 9. A remote power station comprising: a skid; a power subsystem connected to the skid; a loading connector attached to the skid; a loading flange configured to hold a loading line to the loading connector; and one or more containers attached to the skid. 10. The remote power station of claim 9, wherein the power subsystem further comprises a battery backup. 11. The remote power station of claim 10, wherein the power subsystem further comprises a solar power subsystem. 12. The remote power station of claim 11, wherein the power subsystem further comprises a load controller. 13. The remote power station of claim 11, wherein the power subsystem is redundant. 14. The remote power station of claim 9, wherein the one or more containers are weatherproof. 15. The remote power station of claim 9, wherein the skid further comprises rails. 16. The remote power station of claim 9, wherein the skid further comprises a filler configured to lower a center of gravity of the remote station. 17. The remote power station of claim 16, wherein the filler is cement. 18. The remote power station of claim 9, further comprising a wind turbine for generating power. 19. The remote power station of claim 9, comprising a structure configured to contain at least a portion of the power system. 20. A method of providing a remote power station, comprising: providing a base; attaching one or more subsystems to the base, at least one of the subsystems comprising means for generating power; loading the base onto a vehicle; transporting the base to a site remote from where the base was loaded onto a vehicle; and unloading the base at the remote site. 21. The method according to claim 20, wherein the attaching step further comprises attaching a communications subsystem to the base. 22. The method according to claim 21, further comprising the steps of: monitoring the remote station for subsystem failures; and configuring the communications system to send a message in the event of a subsystem failure. 23. The method according to claim 20, wherein the method comprises attaching a loading line to a loading connector on the remote station prior to unloading the remote power station. 24. A method of providing a remote power station, comprising: providing a skid; attaching a power subsystem to the skid; attaching one or more storage containers to the skid; loading the skid onto a vehicle; transporting the skid to a site remote from where the skid was loaded onto a vehicle; attaching a loading line to a loading connector on the remote station; using the loading line to slowly lower the skid down a ramp; and unloading the skid at the remote site. 25. The method of providing a remote station of claim 24, further comprising selecting a skid having at least one solar panel attached to the skid and generating power from the at least one solar panel. 26. The method of providing a remote station of claim 25, wherein the method comprising selecting a skid having batteries attached thereto and storing and receiving power from one or more batteries. 27. The method of providing a remote station of claim 26, further comprising configuring a load controller to send excess power received from the at least one solar panel to charge the batteries. 28. The method of providing a remote station of claim 24, further comprising weatherproofing the one or more storage containers. 29. The method of providing a remote station of claim 28, further comprising placing portions or subsystems that require more frequent maintenance in a more accessible storage box. 30. The method of providing a remote station of claim 29, wherein the more accessible storage box is a building. 31. A method of providing an environmentally sensitive remote. power and communications station, comprising: providing a skid; attaching one or more subsystems and one or more communications devices to the skid; loading the skid onto a vehicle; transporting the skid to a site remote from where the base was loaded onto a vehicle; unloading the skid at the remote site; and preparing the skid to hold substantial portions of the attached subsystems at the remote site. 32. The method of providing an environmentally sensitive remote power and communications station of claim 31, further comprising adding a filler to the skid to reduce a center of gravity associated with the skid and attached subsystems. 