A wire harness connects multiple solar panel junction boxes to a recombiner box. The wire harness includes in-line fuse assemblies, with optional blocking diodes, so each string of solar panels is associated with one fuse. In the event of a blown fuse, only one upstream solar panel string is affected. Entire wire harnesses and/or individual in-line fuse assemblies can be easily swapped out, thereby decreasing the time and expense of troubleshooting and repairing.
Claims 1) A wire harness for high voltage, low current power, said wire harness including: a) photovoltaic wire; b) a plurality of in-line fuse assemblies connected to said photovoltaic wire; and c) a plurality of joints separating said in-line fuse assemblies one-from-another. 2) The wire harness of claim 1 wherein at least one of said in-line fuse assemblies includes a blocking diode. 3) The wire harness of claim 1 further including at least one negative connector engaged with said photovoltaic wire. 4) The wire harness of claim 1 wherein said plurality of joints includes at least one cross or tee joint. 5) The wire harness of claim 1 wherein at least one of said in-line fuse assemblies includes a 2-20 amp fuse. 6) The wire harness of claim 1 wherein one of said in-line fuse assemblies includes a 600V or 1000V DC fuse. 7) The wire harness of claim 1 wherein said in-line fuse assemblies each include a protective housing. 8) The wire harness of claim 1 wherein said photovoltaic wire is between 8 gauge and 12 gauge. 9) A wiring arrangement for solar power installations, said arrangement including: a) a solar panel; b) a junction box in communication with said solar panel; c) a wire harness in communication with, and downstream of, said junction box, said wire harness including a plurality of in-line fuses; and d) a recombiner box in communication with, and downstream of, said wire harness. 10) The wiring arrangement of claim 9 further comprising an inverter in communication with, and downstream of, said recombiner box. 11) The wiring arrangement of claim 10 further comprising photovoltaic wire connecting said recombiner box to said inverter. 12) The wiring arrangement of claim 11 wherein said photovoltaic wire is larger than 6 gauge. 13) The wiring arrangement of claim 10 wherein said recombiner box is devoid of fuses. 14) The wiring arrangement of claim 9 further including photovoltaic wire connecting said wire harness to said recombiner box. 15) The wiring arrangement of claim 14 wherein said photovoltaic wire is 8 or 10 gauge. 16) A method of wiring a solar panel, said method including the acts of: a) plugging a plurality of wire harness input branches into an equal number of junction boxes, each of said junction boxes in communication with a solar panel; and b) plugging at least one wire harness output trunk into a recombiner box, where the number of trunks equals the number of wire harnesses. 17) The method of claim 16 further comprising the act of positioning at least one solar panel to allow the collection of solar energy. 18) The method of claim 16 wherein the act of plugging a plurality of wire harness input branches into an equal number of junction boxes includes the act of employing at least one wire harness with at least one in-line fuse. 19) The method of claim 18 further comprising the act of replacing at least one in-line fuse without it being necessary to unplug said wire harness output trunk from said junction box. 