A photovoltaic panel clamp includes an upper and lower section. The interface between the assembled clamp halves and the module edge is filled by a flexible gasket material, such as EPDM rubber. The gasket preferably has small, finger like protrusions that allow for easy insertion onto the module edge while being reversed makes it more difficult to remove them from the module once installed. The clamp includes mounting posts or an integral axle to engage a bracket. The clamp also may include a locking tongue to secure the clamp to a bracket.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic panel clamp comprising: a clamp housing having an upper clamp face and lower clamp face; a mounting axle; and a grommet formed between the upper and lower clamp faces; wherein the upper and lower clamp faces attach to an edge of a photovoltaic panel and hold the grommet against the panel, and the mounting axle provides an axis of rotation external to the edge of the panel, such that the panel can be lowered into a mounting bracket and rotated into an fixed position. 2. The photovoltaic panel clamp of claim 1, wherein the clamp housing is molded as a single piece. 3. The photovoltaic panel clamp of claim 2, wherein the mounting axle is formed as a separate component from the housing, and comprises a head and collar on each end to engage the bracket. 4. The photovoltaic panel clamp of claim 2, wherein the mounting axle comprises two mounting posts, one post formed on a first side the clamp, and a second post formed on a second side of the clamp. 5. The photovoltaic panel clamp of claim 4, wherein each mounting post comprises a head and a collar. 6. The photovoltaic panel clamp of claim 2, wherein the clamp housing further comprises two slots formed in the housing opposite the clamp faces, and the mounting axle is positioned internal to the clamp housing, perpendicular to and intersecting the two slots. 7. The photovoltaic panel clamp of claim 1, wherein the clamp housing comprises: an upper clamp section; and a lower clamp section. 8. The photovoltaic panel clamp of claim 7, wherein the mounting axle is formed as a separate component from the housing, and comprises a head and collar on each end to engage the bracket, and the mounting axle is positioned between the upper and lower clamp sections opposite the clamp faces. 9. The photovoltaic panel clamp of claim 7, wherein the mounting axle comprises two mounting posts, one post formed on a first side the clamp, and a second post formed on a second side of the clamp. 10. The photovoltaic panel clamp of claim 9, wherein each mounting post comprises a head and a collar. 11. The photovoltaic panel clamp of claim 10, wherein the upper clamp section comprises: a top half of a first mounting post; and a top half of a second mounting post; and the lower clamp section comprises: a bottom half of a first mounting post; and a bottom half of a second mounting post. 12. The photovoltaic panel clamp of claim 7, wherein the clamp housing further comprises two slots formed in the upper and lower clamp sections, opposite the clamp faces, and the mounting axle is positioned internal to the clamp housing, perpendicular to and intersecting the two slots. 13. The photovoltaic panel clamp of claim 7, wherein the upper and lower sections are fastened with a threaded bolt. 14. The photovoltaic panel clamp of claim 7, wherein the upper and lower sections are snap fit together. 15. The photovoltaic panel clamp of claim 7, wherein the lower section comprises at least one locking tongue. 16. The photovoltaic panel clamp of claim 1, wherein the grommet comprises Ethylene Propylene Diene Monomer (EPDM), formed with small finger-like protrusions to grip a solar panel. 17. The photovoltaic panel clamp of claim 1, wherein the axle comprises a flattened edge. 18. The photovoltaic panel clamp of claim 1, wherein the grommet comprises a filler block to engage panels having an offset lower edge. 19. The photovoltaic panel clamp of claim 1, further comprising at least one locking tongue on a bottom of the clamp housing. 20. A photovoltaic panel clamp comprising: an upper clamp section comprising: a top half of a first mounting post; and a top half of a second mounting post; a lower clamp section comprising: a bottom half of a first mounting post; and a bottom half of a second mounting post; and a grommet formed between the top clamp section and the bottom clamp section. 21. The panel clamp of claim 20, wherein the top and bottom halves of the first and second mounting posts comprise a head and a collar. 22. The panel clamp of claim 21, wherein the collar of the bottom halves of the first and second mounting posts comprises a flattened edge. 23. The panel clamp of claim 22, wherein the collar of the top halves of the first and second mounting posts comprises a flattened edge. 24. The panel clamp of claim 20, wherein the grommet comprises a flexible gasket material. 25. The panel clamp of claim 24, wherein the grommet comprises Ethylene Propylene Diene Monomer (EPDM), formed with small protrusions to grip a solar panel. 26. The panel clamp of claim 20, further comprising at least one locking tongue on the lower clamp section. 27. The panel clamp of claim 20, wherein the upper and lower sections comprise cast aluminum. 28. The panel clamp of claim 20, wherein the upper and lower sections comprise molded polymer resin. 29. The panel clamp of claim 20, wherein the grommet comprises a filler block to engage panels having an offset lower edge. 30. A photovoltaic panel clamp comprising: an upper clamp section comprising: a top half of a first mounting post; and a top half of a second mounting post; a lower clamp section comprising: a bottom half of a first mounting post; a bottom half of a second mounting post; and at least one locking tongue on a bottom surface of the lower clamp section; wherein the top and bottom halves of the first and second mounting posts comprise a head and a collar; a threaded clamp fastener attaching the top and bottom clamp sections; and a grommet formed between the top clamp section and the bottom clamp section, the rubber grommet comprising Ethylene Propylene Diene Monomer (EPDM), formed with small finger-like protrusions to grip a solar panel. 31. The panel clamp of claim 30, wherein the collar of the bottom halves of the first and second mounting posts comprises a flattened edge. 32. The panel clamp of claim 31, wherein the collar of the top halves of the first and second mounting posts comprises a flattened edge. 33. The panel clamp of claim 30, wherein the grommet comprises a filler block to engage panels having an offset lower edge. 34. A photovoltaic panel clamp comprising: an upper clamp section comprising: an upper clamp face; and a mounting axle channel intersected by two slots; a lower clamp section comprising: lower clamp face; and a mounting axle channel intersected by two slots; a mounting axle; and a grommet formed between the upper clamp face and the lower clamp face; wherein the mounting axle is positioned internal to the clamp sections in the mounting axel channels and perpendicular to the slots. 35. The panel clamp of claim 34, wherein the grommet comprises a flexible gasket material. 36. The panel clamp of claim 35, wherein the grommet comprises Ethylene Propylene Diene Monomer (EPDM), formed with small protrusions to grip a solar panel. 37. The panel clamp of claim 34, further comprising at least one locking tongue on the lower clamp section. 38. The panel clamp of claim 34, wherein the grommet comprises a filler block to engage panels having an offset lower edge. 39. A photovoltaic panel clamp comprising: an upper clamp section comprising: an upper clamp face; lower clamp section comprising: lower clamp face; a mounting axle comprising a metal rod having a head and collar on each end; and a grommet formed between the upper clamp face and the lower clamp face; wherein the mounting axle is positioned between the clamp sections opposite the clamp faces. 40. The panel clamp of claim 39, wherein the grommet comprises a flexible gasket material. 41. The panel clamp of claim 40, wherein the grommet comprises Ethylene Propylene Diene Monomer (EPDM), formed with small protrusions to grip a solar panel. 42. The panel clamp of claim 39, further comprising at least one locking tongue on the lower clamp section. 43. The panel clamp of claim 39, wherein the grommet comprises a filler block to engage panels having an offset lower edge. 