An energy generator for generating energy from renewable alternative sources, includes: a flotable platform adapted to be partially immersed in a fluid; a tower element arranged on the platform and including at least one wind generator for collecting wind energy and converting the same into electric energy, at least one first energy accumulator and at least one inverter. The energy generator further includes at least one system for storing and converting mechanical energy; the system for storing and converting mechanical energy including at least one charge mechanical accumulator, at least one flywheel balance coupled with the charge mechanical accumulator and a device for converting mechanical energy into electric energy. The wave motion or the stream of fluid where the platform is immersed determines an oscillating movement of the platform, of the tower element and of the at least one balance to charge the mechanical accumulator, which in turn releases the energy produced by its movement to the device for converting mechanical energy.
Claims 1. Energy generator (100) for generating energy from renewable alternative sources, comprising: a flotable platform (1) adapted to be partially immersed in a fluid; a tower element (2) arranged on said platform (1) and comprising at least one wind generator (3) for collecting wind energy and converting the same into electric energy, at least one first energy accumulator and at least one inverter; characterised in that said energy generator (1) further comprises at least one system for storing and converting mechanical energy; said at least one system for storing and converting mechanical energy comprising at least one charge mechanical accumulator (14), at least one flywheel balance (12) coupled with said charge mechanical accumulator (14) and a device for converting mechanical energy into electric energy; the wave motion or the stream of fluid wherein the said platform (1) is immersed determining an oscillating movement of said platform (1), of the said tower element (2) and of said at least one balance (12) for charging the mechanical accumulator (14), which in turn releases the energy produced by its movement to said device for converting mechanical energy. 2. Generator (100) according to claim 1, characterised by comprising at least one first turbine (8) arranged under the said platform (1) and fully immersed for capturing the stream motion of the fluid wherein the said platform (1) is floating and converting it into a rotary motion of the same so as to produce electric current. 3. Generator (100) according to claim 1, characterized by comprising covering elements (7) for converting solar energy connected to at least one current accumulator. 4. Generator (1) according to claim 1, characterised in that said covering elements (7) for converting solar energy comprise solar panels and/or photovoltaic cells, at least one load controller connected to said panels and/or photovoltaic cells and at least one current accumulator connected to the said charge controller. 5. Generator (100) according to claim 1, characterised by comprising: at least one basin (4) for collecting rainwater or water flowing back from the water surface (10); at least one hydrostatic pressure and flow rate reservoir (4') connected to the said collection basin (4) and arranged at the top of said tower element (2); at least one second turbine (6) comprising an electric generator (6'); and at least one duct (32) for conveying the rainwater collected in the said basin (4) and/or in the said reservoir (4') to the said turbine (6). 6. Generator (1) according to claim 5, characterised by comprising at least one delivery duct (42) connected to said hydrostatic pressure reservoir (4') and/or to the said collection basin (4); at least one water delivery pump (5) coupled with the said delivery duct (42) which draws form the fluid (10) wherein said platform (1) is floating for feeding water to the said reservoir (4') and/or to the said collection basin (4). 7. Generator (1) according to claim 5, characterised in that said delivery duct (42) has a vertical extension shorter than the vertical extension of the said duct (32) for conveying the rainwater collected in the said basin (4) and/or in the said reservoir to the said turbine (6). 8. Generator (1) according to claim 6, characterised in that said pump (5) is an electric pump powered by the energy surplus of said wind generator (3) and/or of said system (70) for generating and converting mechanical energy and/or of said covering elements (7) for converting solar energy. 9. Generator (1) according to claim 1, characterised by comprising a device for sinking and emersion comprising at least one floodable reservoir, whose filling determines the at least partial immersion of the said platform (1), and at least one drain pump of the said at least one flooding reservoir for the emersion of the said platform (1). 10. Generator (1) according to claim 1, characterised by comprising an anchoring device. 11. Generator (1) according to claim 1, characterised in that said platform comprises at least two stabilising keels (1') extending perpendicularly under the said platform (2). 12. Generator (1) according to claim 1, characterised in that said platform comprises: at least one sector deformable like a bellows, which undergoes extensions and compressions due to the action of the wave motion for sucking and compressing air; at least one storage reservoir for the air compressed by said at least one deformable sector, said air actuating air turbines when suitably released, at least one check valve connected to the said sector and to the said reservoir for preventing backflow of the compressed air stored in said compressed air storage reservoir. 13. Generator (1) according to claim 1, characterised in that said wind generator comprises at least one vertical wind generator comprising at least one vertical blade. 14. Generator (1) according to claim 13, characterised in that said at least one vertical blade is made of carbon fibre. 15. Generator (1) according to claim 1, characterised by comprising at least one oscillator (33) arranged at the upper end of the said tower element (2) which converts the potential energy provided by the oscillation of the tower element (2) determined by wave motion into electric energy, said oscillator being connected to an electric energy accumulator. 16. Generator (1) according to claim 1, characterised by comprising at least one second wind generator arranged at the upper end of the said tower element (2) connected to at least one inverter and to at least one accumulator. 17. Generator (1) according to claim 1, characterised in that at least said wind generator; said system for generating and converting mechanical energy, said covering elements for converting solar energy are connected together in parallel to form a single energy production and distribution unit, and by comprising a plurality of switches (52) and a control unit (53) to be operated and set for the connection, partialisation and disconnection or independent use of the same. 