The present invention relates to a measurement method to determine the magnitude and intensity of solar radiation/collected by a photovoltaic solar panel, without the need of using specific sensors for this purpose--With the present method the power conditioning systems used in small photovoltaic panels to charge small rechargeable batteries, will now be able to provide an electrical signal, in the form of a pulse sequence or in any other electrical signal, that represents the value of the quantity that generates the available energy. The present method enables the monitoring the energy transfer between the solar panel and a rechargeable battery using a switched, voltage converter; additionally it indicates the magnitude of the solar radiation falling on the solar panel. It is based on the adaptation of a direct voltage to direct voltage boost converter circuit in. order to provide an electrical signal which is correlated to the magnitude of the solar irradiance falling on the solar panel, which in turn powers the voltage converter circuit. The invention also relates to a device for implementing this method.
Claims 1. Method for measuring solar irradiance using a photovoltaic panel which simultaneously allows power supplying of electrical and/or electronic equipment of low consumption or whose consumption is compatible with the solar panel, with sensing information about the intensity and magnitude of the incident solar irradiance on the panel, characterised by: Monitoring the electrical energy transfer between a solar panel and a rechargeable battery using a switched, voltage converter; and Indicating the magnitude of the solar irradiance collected by the solar panel; this method is based on the adaptation of a direct-current (DC) to DC voltage boost converter circuit in, order to provide an electrical signal which is correlated to the magnitude of the solar irradiance collected by the solar panel, which is. also used to power supply the voltage converter circuit. 2. Method for measuring solar irradiance using a solar panel in accordance with claim 1, characterised. by the converter circuit monitoring the voltage level at the solar panel's terminals, which, through comparison with a fixed voltage level, is able to generate a signal composed of electrical pulses that reflects the rate of. recovery of this voltage and, consequently, indicate the energy received by the solar panel that is converted in electrical energy. 3. Method for measuring solar irradiance using a photovoltaic panel in accordance with claim 1, characterised by generating an electrical signal that. indicates when the voltage converter circuit has an appropriate input signal for its normal operation. This intermittent indication depends on the amount of energy available at the input that is converted into electrical voltage by means of an input capacitor C1. 4. Device for measuring solar irradiance using a photovoltaic panel, implementing the method defined in claim 1, characterised by including the aforementioned voltage converter circuit essentially composed of a controller ICI, an inductor L, an electronic switch SW1, a diode D and a capacitor C2, which constitutes the solar panel's active load, and by auxiliary electronic circuits that control the intermittent operation of the voltage converter by analysing the input voltage provided by a solar panel. 5. Solar irradiance measuring device using a photovoltaic panel in accordance with claim 4 characterised by incorporating or not the batteries and the photovoltaic solar panel. 6. Device for measuring solar irradiance using a photovoltaic panel, implementing the method defined in claim 2, characterised by including the aforementioned voltage converter circuit essentially composed of a controller ICI, an inductor L, an electronic switch SW1, a diode D and a capacitor C2, which constitutes the solar panel's active load, and by auxiliary electronic circuits that control the intermittent operation of the voltage converter by analysing the input voltage provided by a solar panel. 7. Device for measuring solar irradiance using a photovoltaic panel, implementing the method defined in claim 3, characterised by including the aforementioned voltage converter circuit essentially composed of a controller ICI, an inductor L, an electronic switch SW1, a diode D and a capacitor C2, which constitutes the solar panel's active load, and by auxiliary electronic circuits that control the intermittent operation of the voltage converter by analysing the input voltage provided by a solar panel. 8. Solar irradiance measuring device using a photovoltaic panel in accordance with claim 6 characterised by incorporating or not the batteries and the photovoltaic solar panel. 9. Solar irradiance measuring device using a photovoltaic panel in accordance with claim 7 characterised by incorporating or not the batteries and the photovoltaic solar panel. 