A topology for surveying the integrity of a plurality of capacitors connected in series between a pair of bus lines arranged to be connected to a DC-power source comprises a plurality of resistors connected in series between the pair of bus lines, the plurality of resistors being connected in parallel to the plurality of capacitors; and a comparator comparing the electric potential of an intermediate point between two capacitors of the plurality of capacitors with the electric potential of an intermediate point between two resistors of the plurality of resistors. The comparator provides a signal signaling a difference between these two electric potentials, which indicates a loss of integrity of one capacitor of the plurality of capacitors.
Claims 1. A topology for surveying the integrity of a plurality of capacitors connected in series between a pair of bus lines designed and arranged to be connected to a DC-power source, the topology comprising: a plurality of resistors connected in series between the pair of bus lines, the plurality of resistors being connected in parallel to the plurality of capacitors; and a comparator comparing the electric potential of an intermediate point between two capacitors of the plurality of capacitors with the electric potential of an intermediate point between two resistors of the plurality of resistors, and providing a signal signaling a difference between these two electric potentials which indicates a loss of integrity of one capacitor of the plurality of capacitors. 2. The topology according to claim 1, wherein the signal signals whether a difference between the two electric potentials exceeds a predetermined threshold value. 3. The topology according to claim 2, wherein the capacitors on both sides of the intermediate point between the two capacitors of the plurality of capacitors are of equal total capacities, and the resistors of the plurality of resistors on both sides of the intermediate point between the two resistors of the plurality of resistors are of equal total resistances. 4. The topology according to claim 2, wherein voltages dropping over the capacitors on both sides of the intermediate point between the two capacitors of the plurality of capacitors are defined by means of further resistors connected in parallel to these capacitors, and wherein a ratio of resistances of these further resistors on both sides of the intermediate point between the two capacitors, and a ratio of resistances of the resistors of the plurality of resistors on both sides of the intermediate point between the two resistors of the plurality of resistors are equal. 5. The topology according to claim 2, wherein that the signal operates a switch due to the difference in electric potential exceeding the threshold value. 6. The topology according to claim 5, wherein the switch is arranged in one of the bus lines at a point located from the capacitors and resistors towards the DC-power source. 7. The topology according to claim 5, wherein the switch is arranged in parallel to a resistor of a second plurality of resistors connected in series between the bus lines and in parallel to the capacitors, wherein a voltage limiter is arranged to limit a voltage drop over at least one of the second plurality of resistors, the voltage operating a pulsed switched arranged in one of the bus lines at a point located from the capacitors and resistors towards the DC-power source. 8. The topology according to claim 5, wherein the comparator comprises a LED connected to the intermediate points between the two capacitors of the plurality of capacitors and between the two resistors of the plurality of resistors via a current rectifier H-bridge, the LED being part of an opto-coupler operating the switch. 9. The topology according to claim 8, wherein the current rectifier H-bridge is made of four rectifying diodes. 10. The topology according to claim 8, wherein the LED is connected in series with a Zener-diode. 11. The topology according to claim 1, wherein the bus lines are leading to a DC/AC-inverter. 12. The topology according to claim 1, wherein the bus lines are leading to a DC/DC-converter. 13. The topology according to claim 5, wherein the comparator comprises a voltage meter which measures the difference in the electric potential between the two intermediate points between the two capacitors of the plurality of capacitors and between the two resistors of the plurality of resistors, and a controller which opens the switch. 14. The topology according to claim 13, wherein a further voltage meter is provided for measuring the voltage between the two bus lines, wherein the controller also opens the switch when the voltage between the two bus lines exceeds a predetermined voltage threshold value. 15. The topology according to claim 14, wherein the controller is powered by the DC-power source. 16. The topology according to claim 3, wherein a DC/DC-converter is provided between the switch and the plurality of capacitors and the plurality of resistors. 17. The topology according to claim 1, wherein a DC-power source is selected from the group consisting of photo voltaic panels, electric generators, photovoltaic panels combined with DC/DC-converters, electric generators combined with DC/DC-converters and electric generators combined with AC/DC-inverters. 