An assembly for supporting at least one solar panel includes two side brackets. Each side bracket includes a top member having an L-shaped cross-section with a top portion substantially perpendicular to a side portion, a bottom member having an L-shaped cross-section with a bottom portion substantially perpendicular to a side portion, and a height adjustment mechanism connecting the side portions. The height adjustment mechanism is configured to adjust a height between the top and bottom members so that the top and bottom portions of each side bracket clamp onto respective top and bottom surfaces of at least one solar panel. The assembly also includes a width adjustment mechanism connecting the two side brackets and configured to adjust a width between the two side brackets. At least one of the side brackets includes a first connector configured to electrically connect to a second connector on the at least one solar panel.
Claims 1. An assembly for supporting at least one solar panel, the assembly comprising: two side brackets, each side bracket including: a top member having an L-shaped cross-section with a top portion substantially perpendicular to a side portion, a bottom member having an L-shaped cross-section with a bottom portion substantially perpendicular to a side portion, and a height adjustment mechanism connecting the side portions of the top and bottom members, and configured to adjust a height between the top and bottom members so that the top and bottom portions of each side bracket clamp onto respective top and bottom surfaces of at least one solar panel; a width adjustment mechanism connecting the two side brackets and configured to adjust a width between the two side brackets; wherein at least one of the side brackets includes a first connector configured to electrically connect to a second connector on the at least one solar panel. 2. The assembly of claim 1, wherein: the height and width adjustment mechanisms each include a first member, a second member, and a fastening member connecting the first and second members; the first member is configured to move with respect to the second member to adjust the respective height or width when the fastening member is loosened; and the first member is prevented from moving with respect to the second member when the fastening member is tightened. 3. The assembly of claim 1, wherein the top and bottom members are substantially identical and generally form mirror images of each other with respect to a plane separating the top and bottom members. 4. The assembly of claim 1, wherein the two side brackets are separated by a first width in a first section of the assembly and a second width in a second section of the assembly, the first width being larger than the second width so that a first solar panel having a larger width may be clamped into the first section and a second solar panel having a smaller width may be clamped into the second section. 5. The assembly of claim 1, wherein the first and second connectors automatically form an electrical connection between the at least one solar panel and the at least one side bracket when the at least one solar panel is placed into a desired position in the at least one side bracket. 6. The assembly of claim 1, wherein the first connector includes a conductive surface or a spring-loaded connector configured to contact a respective spring-loaded connector or a conductive surface on the at least one solar panel. 7. The assembly of claim 1, wherein the first connector is formed on an inside surface of at least one of the side portions of at least one of the top members or bottom members. 8. The assembly of claim 1, wherein the side brackets and the width adjustment mechanism are configured to be recessed into or flush with a surface of a building structure. 9. The assembly of claim 1, further including a mounting structure, wherein the side brackets and the width adjustment mechanism form a rack, and the rack is attached to the mounting structure. 10. The assembly of claim 9, wherein the mounting structure includes a mechanism configured to adjust an angle of inclination of the rack. 11. The assembly of claim 9, wherein: the mounting structure is configured to be positioned over an opening in a roof forming a skylight; the mounting structure includes a support for the rack and a cover configured to close the opening; and the support is configured to adjust an angle of inclination of the rack and the at least one solar panel. 12. The assembly of claim 9, wherein the mounting structure includes legs, one end of the rack is supported by the legs, and the other end of the rack is located in the same horizontal plane as an end of the legs. 13. The assembly of claim 9, wherein: the mounting structure includes a pole configured to vertically support the entire rack above the ground and at least one extendable arm connected to the pole; and the arm is configured to connect to the rack and adjust an angle of inclination of the rack and the at least one solar panel. 14. The assembly of claim 9, wherein the mounting structure includes a modular panel for a roof, the panel including a groove so that the width adjustment mechanism is inserted into the groove in the panel. 15. The assembly of claim 9, wherein: the mounting structure includes a structural panel for a roof at a first location; and the rack is detachable from the panel and configured to be attached to a second mounting structure at a second location. 16. The assembly of claim 15, wherein the second mounting structure is located on ground. 17. A skylight assembly for supporting a solar array, the skylight assembly comprising: a cover configured to close an opening in a roof surface to form a skylight and having an adjustable angle of inclination to adjust an extent to which the cover closes the opening; a rack connectable to a support, the support being configured to be positioned horizontally or at an angle of inclination; and at least one solar panel configured to be connected to the rack such that an angle of inclination of the at least one solar panel varies with the angle of inclination of the support, the at least one solar panel being detachable from the rack. 18. The skylight assembly of claim 17, wherein the support covers the cover when the support is positioned horizontally. 19. The skylight assembly of claim 17, further including a mechanism attached to the cover and configured to control the extent to which the cover closes the opening. 20. A method of supporting at least one solar panel, the method comprising: adjusting a width between two side brackets using a width adjustment mechanism connecting the two side brackets; inserting at least one solar panel into the two side brackets so that the side edges of the at least one solar panel are received within the respective side brackets; adjusting a height between a top member and a bottom member of each of the side brackets using height adjustment mechanisms of the respective side brackets; clamping the side brackets onto the respective side edges of the at least one solar panel; and automatically electrically connecting the at least one solar panel to at least one of the side brackets when the at least one solar panel is inserted into the two side brackets and placed at a desired position with respect to the two side brackets. 21. The method of claim 20, further including attaching at least one of the side brackets or the width adjustment mechanism to a mounting structure. 22. The method of claim 20, wherein the automatic electrical connection is established when a conductive surface of one of the side brackets or the at least one solar panel contacts a spring-loaded connector on the other one of the side brackets or the at least one solar panel. 