A rail car cover system that includes a rail car, a first cover section and a second cover section. The rail car has an opening. The first cover section is operably attached to the rail car. The first cover section includes a first closure mechanism. The second cover section is operably attached to the rail car. The second cover section includes a second closure mechanism. The first cover section and the second cover section are both movable between a closed configuration and an open configuration. When in the closed configuration, the first closure mechanism engages the second closure mechanism to maintain the first cover section and the second cover section in the closed configuration.
Claims 1. A rail car cover system comprising: a rail car having an opening; a first cover section operably attached to the rail car, wherein the first cover section comprises a first closure mechanism; and a second cover section operably attached to the rail car, wherein the second cover section comprises a second closure mechanism, wherein the first cover section and the second cover section are both movable between a closed configuration and an open configuration, when in the closed configuration, the first closure mechanism engages the second closure mechanism to maintain the first cover section and the second cover section in the closed configuration. 2. The rail car cover system of claim 1, wherein the first closure mechanism comprises a magnet and wherein the second closure mechanism comprises a metallic plate. 3. The rail car cover system of claim 2, wherein magnet resists loss of magnetic strength when the magnet is subjected to elevate temperatures. 4. The rail car cover system of claim 2, wherein the magnet is at least partially formed from neodymium. 5. The rail car cover system of claim 1, wherein the second closure mechanism has a length that is at least twice as long as a length of the first closure mechanism. 6. The rail car cover system of claim 1, wherein the first closure mechanism is mounted proximate a distal edge of the first cover section and wherein the second closure mechanism is mount proximate a distal edge of the second cover section. 7. The rail car cover system of claim 1, wherein a force to separate the first closure mechanism from the second closure mechanism is greater when the first closure mechanism is moved in a first direction that is generally perpendicular to a surface of the second closure mechanism than when the first closure mechanism is moved in a second direction that is generally parallel to the surface of the second closure mechanism. 8. The rail car cover system of claim 1, wherein the first closure mechanism is at least partially recessed in the first cover section and wherein the second closure mechanism is at least partially recessed in the second cover section. 9. The rail car cover system of claim 1, wherein the first cover section comprises a pair of side edges and a distal edge that extends between the side edges, wherein a plurality of the first closure mechanisms are mounted on the first cover section proximate the distal edge thereof. 10. The rail car cover system of claim 9, wherein a spacing between adjacent first closure mechanisms proximate the side edges is less than a spacing between adjacent first closure mechanisms intermediate the side edges. 11. The rail car cover system of claim 1, wherein the first cover section further comprises at least one first intermediate arm assembly, wherein the second cover section further comprises at least one second intermediate arm assembly and wherein the at least one first arm assembly is more rigid than the at least one second intermediate arm assembly. 12. The rail car cover system of claim 1, wherein the first cover section and the second cover section are pivotally mounted with respect to the rail car. 13. A rail car cover system comprising: a rail car having an opening; a first cover section operably attached to the rail car for movement between a closed configuration and an open configuration; a first cover movement mechanism operably attached to the first cover section; and a first cover position sensing mechanism operably connected to the first cover movement mechanism to turn off the first cover movement mechanism when the first cover section is in at least one of the closed configuration and the open configuration. 14. The rail car cover system of claim 13, wherein the first cover position sensing mechanism is mounted proximate a distal edge of the first cover section. 15. The rail car cover system of claim 13, wherein the first cover section comprises a first cover material and a first corner hinge assembly pivotally attached to the rail car, wherein the first corner hinge assembly is operably attached to the first cover material and wherein the first cover position sensing mechanism is operably mounted to the first corner hinge assembly. 16. The rail car cover system of claim 13, and further comprising a gusset attached to at least one of the rail car and the first corner hinge assembly, wherein the gusset limits a distance that the first corner hinge assembly is pivotable with respect to the rail car. 17. The rail car cover system of claim 13, wherein the first cover position sensing mechanism comprises: a switch operably attached to the first cover section; and a switch activation mechanism operably attached to the rail car, wherein the switch engages the switch activation mechanism when the first cover section is in the closed configuration. 18. A rail car cover system comprising: a rail car having an opening; a first cover section operably attached to the rail car for movement between a closed configuration and an open configuration; a first cover movement mechanism operably attached to the first cover section; a battery operably attached to the first cover movement mechanism; and a battery charging mechanism operably attached to the battery. 19. The rail car cover system of claim 18, wherein the battery charging mechanism is a solar panel mounted to the rail car, a generator operably engaging at least one of a wheel that supports the rail car or a generator that engages a rail over which the rail car is movable. 20. A rail car cover system comprising: a rail car having an opening; a first cover section comprising: a first cover material; a first corner hinge assembly pivotally attached to the rail car, wherein the first corner hinge assembly is operably attached to the first cover material; a first intermediate hinge assembly pivotally attached to the rail car, wherein the first intermediate hinge assembly is operably attached to the first cover material; and a first anti-flutter strap attached to the rail car and the first cover material intermediate the first corner hinge assembly and the first intermediate hinge assembly, wherein the first cover section is movable between a closed configuration and an open configuration, when in the closed configuration, the first cover section substantially covers the opening. 21. The rail car cover system of claim 20, wherein the first anti-flutter strap is fabricated from a flexible material. 22. The rail car cover system of claim 20, wherein the first anti-flutter strap substantially prevents a proximal edge of the first cover material from moving vertically with respect to the rail car. 23. A method of covering a rail car comprising: providing a rail car having a hopper door proximate a lower end thereof and having an upwardly directed opening; pivotally attaching a first cover section to the rail car, wherein the first cover section comprises a first closure mechanism; pivotally attaching a second cover section to the rail car, wherein the second cover section comprises a second closure mechanism; pivoting the first cover section and the second cover section to an open configuration; placing a product into the rail car; and pivoting the first cover section and the second cover section to a closed configuration where the upwardly directed opening is substantially covered, wherein the first closure mechanism engages the second closure mechanism when in the closed configuration. 24. The method of claim 23, and further comprising: discharging the product from the rail car through the hopper door; and deflecting at least one of the first cover section and the second cover section to a deflected position where the first closure mechanism does not engage the second closure mechanism. 25. The method of claim 23, wherein a distal edge of the first cover section at least partially overlaps a distal edge of the second cover section when the first cover section and the second cover section are in the closed configuration. 26. The method of claim 23, wherein the first closure mechanism comprises a magnet and wherein the second closure mechanism comprises a metallic plate. 27. The method of claim 23, wherein a force to separate the first closure mechanism from the second closure mechanism is greater when the first closure mechanism is moved in a first direction that is generally perpendicular to a surface of the second closure mechanism than when the first closure mechanism is moved in a second direction that is generally parallel to the surface of the second closure mechanism. 28. The method of claim 23, wherein the product has an initial height that is above an upper edge of the rail car, wherein at least one of the first cover section and the second cover section contact the product when the first cover section and the second cover section are in the closed configuration and wherein the first closure mechanism and the second closure mechanism in a first engaged position when the product is at the initial height. 29. The method of claim 28, and further comprising: compacting the product to a compacted height that is less than the initial height; and moving the first closure mechanism with respect to the second closure mechanism so that the first closure mechanism and the second closure mechanism are in a second engaged position. 30. The method of claim 29, wherein the first closure mechanism slides with respect to the second closure mechanism when moving between the first engaged position and the second engaged position. 31. The method of claim 23, and further comprising mounting a plurality of the first closure mechanisms on the first cover section. 32. The method of claim 31, wherein the first cover section has a pair of side edges, wherein a spacing between adjacent first closure mechanisms proximate the side edges is less than a spacing between adjacent first closure mechanisms intermediate the side edges. 33. The method of claim 23, wherein the first cover section further comprises at least one first intermediate arm assembly, wherein the second cover section further comprises at least one second intermediate arm assembly and wherein the at least one first arm assembly is more rigid than the at least one second intermediate arm assembly. 34. A method of covering a rail car comprising: providing a rail car having an opening; operably attaching a first cover section to the rail car; moving the first cover section between a closed configuration and an open configuration with a first cover movement mechanism; sensing a position of the first cover portion with a first cover position sensing mechanism; and turning off the first cover movement mechanism when the first cover section is in at least one of the closed configuration and the open configuration. 35. The method of claim 34, wherein the first cover position sensing mechanism is mounted proximate a distal edge of the first cover section. 36. The method of claim 34, wherein the first cover position sensing mechanism comprises a switch and a switch activation mechanism, wherein the switch is operably attached to the first cover section, wherein the switch activation mechanism is operably attached to the rail car and wherein the switch engages the switch activation mechanism when the first cover section is in at least one of the closed configuration and the open configuration. 37. The method of claim 34, wherein the first cover section comprises a first corner hinge assembly and a first cover material that is attached to the first corner hinge assembly, wherein the first cover sensing mechanism is operably attached to the first corner hinge assembly, and wherein the first corner hinge assembly is positionable in the closed configuration when product is placed in the rail car and the first cover material contacts at least a portion of the product that is above an upper edge of the rail car. 