A solar cell having high heat resistance, reliability and weather resistance that prevents extraneous matter (rain water, dust and the like) from entering, a concentrating solar power generation module and a solar cell manufacturing method are provided. A solar cell 21 includes an optical member 40 that allows concentrated sunlight Ls to pass therethrough, a solar cell element 23 that converts the sunlight Ls that has passed through the optical member 40 into electricity, and a receiver substrate 22 on which the solar cell element 23 is placed. The solar cell 21 includes a first adhesive portion 31 that is adhered to the receiver substrate 22 and that is formed into a frame shape surrounding the solar cell element 23, a pedestal portion 45 that is in contact with the receiver substrate 22 and that is adhered to the first adhesive portion 31 so as to surround the solar cell element 23, and an optical member 40 (first tabular optical member 40f) disposed in an interior region of a perimeter frame 45f of the pedestal portion 45.
Claims 1. A solar cell including an optical member that allows concentrated sunlight to pass therethrough, a solar cell element that converts the sunlight that has passed through the optical member into electricity, and a receiver substrate on which the solar cell element is placed, the solar cell comprising: a first adhesive portion that is adhered to the receiver substrate and that is formed into a frame shape surrounding the solar cell element; a pedestal portion that is in contact with the receiver substrate and that is adhered to the first adhesive portion so as to surround the solar cell element; and a resin sealing portion that is surrounded by the first adhesive portion and that covers the solar cell element. 2. The solar cell according to claim 1, wherein the optical member is a first tabular optical member having a tabular shape, and the first tabular optical member is disposed between the first adhesive portion and the pedestal portion. 3. The solar cell according to claim 1, comprising: a second adhesive portion that is formed on top of the pedestal portion; and a pedestal covering portion including a beam-shaped flange portion that is adhered to the second adhesive portion and that extends in a direction parallel to the receiver substrate and a coupling flange portion that extends outwardly from the beam-shaped flange portion and that is connected to the receiver substrate outside the pedestal portion. 4. The solar cell according to claim 3, wherein the optical member is a second tabular optical member having a tabular shape, and the second tabular optical member is placed on top of the pedestal portion with a perimeter edge thereof covered with the beam-shaped flange portion. 5. The solar cell according to claim 3, wherein the optical member is a columnar optical member having a columnar shape with a top face thereof larger than a bottom face thereof, and the columnar optical member is fixed by a fixing portion at an inner edge of the beam-shaped flange portion. 6. The solar cell according to claim 5, wherein the fixing portion is an upright fixing portion that is provided upright at an inner edge frame of the beam-shaped flange portion and that has a through inclined face that allows the columnar optical member to pass through and that faces the columnar optical member. 7. A concentrating solar power generation module comprising a concentrating lens that concentrates sunlight and a solar cell that receives the concentrated sunlight and converts the sunlight into electricity, wherein the solar cell is a solar cell according to claim 1. 8. A method of manufacturing a solar cell including an optical member that allows concentrated sunlight to pass therethrough, a solar cell element that converts the sunlight that has passed through the optical member into electricity, a receiver substrate on which the solar cell element is placed, a first adhesive portion that is adhered to the receiver substrate and that is formed into a frame shape surrounding the solar cell element, a pedestal portion that is in contact with the receiver substrate and that is adhered to the first adhesive portion so as to surround the solar cell element, and a fixing portion that fixes the optical member with respect to the pedestal portion, the method comprising: a first adhesive applying step of applying a first adhesive that forms the first adhesive portion to the receiver substrate; a pedestal portion placing step of placing the pedestal portion on the receiver substrate by adhering the pedestal portion to the first adhesive; a first heat curing step of forming the first adhesive portion by heating the first adhesive; and an optical member disposing step of disposing the optical member in the fixing portion. 9. A method of manufacturing a solar cell including an optical member that allows concentrated sunlight to pass therethrough, a solar cell element that converts the sunlight that has passed through the optical member into electricity, a receiver substrate on which the solar cell element is placed, a first adhesive portion that is adhered to the receiver substrate and that is formed into a frame shape surrounding the solar cell element, a pedestal portion that is in contact with the receiver substrate and that is adhered to the first adhesive portion so as to surround the solar cell element, a resin sealing portion that is surrounded by the first adhesive portion and that covers the solar cell element, and a second adhesive portion formed on top of the pedestal portion, and also including a pedestal covering portion including a beam-shaped flange portion that is adhered to the second adhesive portion and that extends in a direction parallel to the receiver substrate and a coupling flange portion that extends outwardly from the beam-shaped flange portion and that is connected to the receiver substrate outside the pedestal portion, and a fixing portion that fixes a columnar optical member that has a columnar shape and that serves as the optical member, the method comprising: a first adhesive applying step of applying a first adhesive that forms the first adhesive portion to the receiver substrate; a pedestal portion placing step of placing the pedestal portion on the receiver substrate by adhering the pedestal portion to the first adhesive; a second adhesive applying step of applying a second adhesive that forms the second adhesive portion on top of the pedestal portion; a pedestal covering portion placing step of placing the pedestal covering portion on the receiver substrate by adhering the pedestal covering portion to the second adhesive, the pedestal covering portion having an upright fixing portion, serving as the fixing portion, that is provided upright at an inner edge frame of the beam-shaped flange portion and that has a through inclined face that allows the columnar optical member to pass through and that faces the columnar optical member; a first heat curing step of forming the first adhesive portion and the second adhesive portion by heating the first adhesive and the second adhesive; a columnar optical member disposing step of disposing the columnar optical member such that the columnar optical member comes into contact with the through inclined face and is fixed; and a sealing resin injecting step of injecting a sealing resin for resin-sealing the solar cell element into an interior region of the first adhesive portion. 10. A solar cell comprising a solar cell element that converts sunlight concentrated by a concentrating lens into electricity, a receiver substrate on which the solar cell element is placed, a columnar optical member having an entrance face that allows the concentrated sunlight to enter and an irradiation face that is disposed so as to face the solar cell element and that directs the sunlight to the solar cell element, and a holding portion that holds the columnar optical member, wherein the solar cell includes a frame-shaped pedestal portion that is disposed around the solar cell element in the shape of a frame and that is fixed to the receiver substrate, and the holding portion is fitted to the frame-shaped pedestal portion. 11. The solar cell according to claim 10, wherein the solar cell includes a positioning pin that is disposed on the receiver substrate and that positions the frame-shaped pedestal portion. 12. The solar cell according to claim 10, wherein the frame-shaped pedestal portion has a step portion to which the holding portion is fitted. 13. The solar cell according to claim 10, wherein the frame-shaped pedestal portion has a groove portion formed in a face coming into contact with the receiver substrate, and is adhered to the receiver substrate by the first adhesive filled into the groove portion. 14. The solar cell according to claim 12, wherein the holding portion includes a brim-like protrusion that is fitted to the step portion at an end facing the step portion. 15. The solar cell according to claim 10, wherein the columnar optical member is formed into a quadrangular prism, and the holding portion has a columnar shape having a through hole that makes contact with the quadrangular prism. 16. The solar cell according to claim 10, wherein the holding portion is made of a metal. 17. The solar cell according to claim 10, wherein the irradiation face and the solar cell element are resin-sealed by a resin sealing portion filled into the frame-shaped pedestal portion. 18. The solar cell according to claim 10, wherein the holding portion has a recessed portion constituting a space in which the columnar optical member is exposed on a side facing the solar cell element. 19. The solar cell according to claim 15, wherein the through hole has through groove portions formed so as to correspond to the corners of the quadrangular prism. 20. A concentrating solar power generation module comprising a concentrating lens that concentrates sunlight and a solar cell that receives the concentrated sunlight and converts the sunlight into electricity, wherein the solar cell is a solar cell according to claim 10. 21. A method of manufacturing a solar cell including a solar cell element that converts sunlight concentrated by a concentrating lens into electricity, a receiver substrate on which the solar cell element is placed, a columnar optical member including an entrance face that allows the concentrated sunlight to enter and an irradiation face that is disposed so as to face the solar cell element and that directs the sunlight to the solar cell element, a holding portion that holds the columnar optical member, and a frame-shaped pedestal portion that is disposed around the solar cell element in the shape of a frame, that is fixed to the receiver substrate, and to which the holding portion is fitted, the method comprising: a solar cell element mounting step of mounting the solar cell element onto the receiver substrate; a first adhesive applying step of applying a first adhesive for adhering the frame-shaped pedestal portion to the receiver substrate onto the receiver substrate; a frame-shaped pedestal portion placing step of positioning and placing the frame-shaped pedestal portion on the receiver substrate; a second adhesive applying step of applying a second adhesive for adhering the holding portion to the frame-shaped pedestal portion onto the frame-shaped pedestal portion; a fitting step of fitting the holding portion to the frame-shaped pedestal portion; a first heat curing step of thermally curing the first resin and the second resin by application of heat; a sealing resin injecting step of injecting a sealing resin for resin-sealing the solar cell element into the frame-shaped pedestal portion; a columnar optical member installing step of inserting the columnar optical member into a through hole of the holding portion such that the irradiation face of the columnar optical member that faces the solar cell element is covered with the sealing resin; a defoaming treatment step of performing a defoaming treatment on the sealing resin; and a second heat curing step of thermally curing the sealing resin by application of heat. 