A probe monitoring system for riverbed elevation monitoring at bridge piers is revealed. The system includes a housing, a measuring rod, a moving member, a control module, a photographic unit and a sensing unit. The housing is fixed on the pier. Both the moving member for driving the measuring rod and the control module for control of the moving member are mounted in the housing. When the control module drives the measuring rod to move downward and the sensing unit on the bottom of the measuring rod approaches the riverbed, a sensing signal is sent to the control module. Thus the moving member stops moving the measuring rod and the photographic unit takes pictures of the measuring rod to generate an image. Then the riverbed elevation is obtained according to the image or the movement of the moving member and is sent to a remote monitor unit for real-time monitoring.
Claims 1. A probe monitoring system for riverbed elevation monitoring at bridge piers comprising: a housing fixed on a bridge pier, a measuring rod disposed on the housing and having a plurality of scales, a moving member mounted in the housing and driving the measuring rod to move, a control module arranged in the housing and coupled to the moving member for control of the moving member that drives the measuring rod, a photographic unit that is set in the housing, taking pictures of the measuring rod and generating at least one image, and a sensing unit disposed on a bottom of the measuring rod; wherein the control module controls movement of the measuring rod; once the sensing unit approaches a riverbed under the water, the sensing unit sends a sensing signal to the control module so as to control the moving member, stopping the moving member from moving the measuring rod and also to control the photographic unit take pictures of the measuring rod and generating at least one image; elevation of the riverbed is obtained according to the image and the elevation of the riverbed is sent to a remote monitor unit. 2. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the control module includes: an image transmission unit coupled to the photographic unit and sending the image of the photographic unit, an image extraction unit coupled to the image transmission unit and capturing the image from the image transmission unit, an Analog-to-digital conversion unit coupled to the image extraction unit and converting the image captured by the image extraction unit to generate a digital image, an image processing unit coupled to the Analog-to-digital conversion unit, processing and analyzing the digital image so as to obtain the elevation of the riverbed, a processor coupled to the image processing unit and receiving the elevation of the riverbed, a storage unit coupled to the processor and storing a system software that is executed by the processor, an external transmission unit coupled to the processor and sending the elevation of the riverbed to the remote monitor unit, a control unit coupled to the processor, receiving a command from the processor and generating a control signal according to the command from the processor, and a control port coupled to the control unit for receiving the control signal and sending the control signal to the moving member for control of the moving member. 3. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the probe monitoring system for riverbed elevation monitoring at bridge piers further having a power supply unit coupled to the control module and the moving member for providing power and the power supply unit is a utility power, a battery, a hydroelectric power unit or a photovoltaic energy unit. 4. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the moving member includes a plurality of transmission units for driving the measuring rod to move, and a driving module controlled by the control module and used to drive the transmission units. 5. The device as claimed in claim 4, wherein the driving module includes a motor driving the transmission units to move for control of movement of the measuring rod, and a motor drive unit controlled by the control module and driving the motor to run. 6. The device as claimed in claim 4, wherein the transmission units are gears. 7. The device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the photographic unit is disposed with a lighting unit. 8. A probe monitoring system for riverbed elevation monitoring at bridge piers comprising: a housing fixed on a bridge pier, a measuring rod disposed on the housing, a moving member mounted in the housing and driving the measuring rod to move, a control module arranged in the housing and coupled to the moving member for control of the moving member that drives the measuring rod, and a sensing unit disposed on the bottom of the measuring rod; wherein the control module controls movement of the measuring rod; once the sensing unit approaches a riverbed under the water, the sensing unit sends a sensing signal to the control module so as to control the moving member, stopping the moving member from moving the measuring rod and the control module obtains elevation of the riverbed according to analysis of movement of the moving member and sends the elevation of the riverbed to a remote monitor unit. 9. The device as claimed in claim 8, wherein the control module includes: a processor coupled for analyzing the movement of the moving member to obtain the elevation of the riverbed, a storage unit coupled to the processor and storing a system software that is executed by the processor, an external transmission unit coupled to the processor and sending the elevation of the riverbed to the remote monitor unit, a control unit coupled to the processor, receiving a command from the processor and generating a control signal according to the command from the processor for control of the moving member while the control signal represents the movement of the moving member, and a control port coupled to the control unit for receiving the control signal and sending the control signal to the moving member for control of the moving member. 10. The device as claimed in claim 8, wherein the probe monitoring system for riverbed elevation monitoring at bridge piers further having a power supply unit coupled to the control module and the moving member for providing power and the power supply unit is a utility power, a battery, a hydroelectric power unit or a photovoltaic energy unit. 11. The device as claimed in claim 8, wherein the moving member includes a plurality of transmission units for driving the measuring rod to move, and a driving module controlled by the control module and used to drive the transmission units. 12. The device as claimed in claim 11, wherein the driving module includes a motor driving the transmission units to move for control of movement of the measuring rod, and a motor drive unit controlled by the control module and driving the motor to run. 13. The device as claimed in claim 12, wherein the movement represents the number of turns the motor rotates. 14. The device as claimed in claim 11, wherein the transmission units are gears. 15. The device as claimed in claim 14, wherein the movement represents the number of turns the gears rotate. 