A method includes receiving a first address over an address bus at a first module, modifying the first address to generate a second address, and transmitting the second address over the address bus to a second module. The method also includes determining at the first module if at least one of the first and second addresses has a specified value. Modifying the first address could include incrementing or decrementing the first address to generate the second address. Determining if at least one of the first and second addresses has the specified value could include determining if the first address has a value of zero or a value of 2.sup.n-1 (where n is a specified number of bits in the address bus). Each module by design may be inserted into any position in a stack relative to a controller and be positionally selected without manual configuration of that module's address.
Claims 1. A method comprising: receiving a first address over an address bus at a first module; modifying the first address to generate a second address; transmitting the second address over the address bus to a second module; and determining at the first module if at least one of the first and second addresses has a specified value. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising: indicating that the first module is being selected when at least one of the first and second addresses has the specified value. 3. The method of claim 2, further comprising: indicating that the first module is not being selected when a system enable/disable signal indicates that a system comprising the first module is disabled or not enabled; indicating that the first module is not being selected when the system enable/disable signal indicates that the system is enabled and a board enable/disable signal indicates that the first module is disabled or not enabled; and indicating that the first module is being selected regardless of the first address when an all enable/disable signal indicates that multiple modules including the first module are enabled. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein: modifying the first address comprises decrementing the first address to generate the second address; and determining if at least one of the first and second addresses has the specified value comprises determining if the first address has a value of zero. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein: modifying the first address comprises incrementing the first address to generate the second address; and determining if at least one of the first and second addresses has the specified value comprises determining if the first address has a value of 2.sup.n-1, where n is a specified number of bits in the address bus. 6. The method of claim 1, further comprising: receiving the second address over the address bus at the second module; modifying the second address to generate a third address; transmitting the third address over the address bus to a third module; and determining at the second module if at least one of the second and third addresses has the specified value. 7. The method of claim 1, further comprising: transmitting the first address over the address bus from a controller; wherein the first address identifies a position of a single specified module with respect to the controller. 8. A system comprising multiple modules coupled in series in a stack, each module configured to be selected over an address bus, each module comprising an addressing circuit configured to: receive a first address over the address bus; modify the first address to generate a second address; transmit the second address over the address bus; and determine if at least one of the first and second addresses has a specified value. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein the addressing circuit in each module is further configured to indicate that its associated module is being selected when at least one of the first and second addresses has the specified value. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein the addressing circuit in each module is further configured to: indicate that the module is not being selected when a system enable/disable signal indicates that the system is disabled or not enabled; indicate that the module is not being selected when the system enable/disable signal indicates that the system is enabled and a board enable/disable signal indicates that the module is disabled or not enabled; and indicate that the module is being selected regardless of the first address when an all enable/disable signal indicates that the multiple modules are enabled. 11. The system of claim 8, wherein the addressing circuit in each module comprises: adder circuitry configured to decrement the first address to generate the second address; and logic circuitry configured to indicate whether the first address has a value of zero. 12. The system of claim 8, wherein the addressing circuit in each module comprises: adder circuitry configured to increment the first address to generate the second address; and logic circuitry configured to indicate whether the first address has a value of 2.sup.n-1, where n is a specified number of bits in the address bus. 13. The system of claim 8, further comprising: a controller configured to communicate multiple addresses over the address bus, each of the multiple addresses identifying a position of one of the modules with respect to the controller. 14. The system of claim 13, wherein each module is configured to be inserted into any position in the stack relative to the controller and to be selected by the controller without manual configuration of the address assigned to that module. 15. The system of claim 8, wherein: each module is configured to monitor at least one of multiple strings of photovoltaic panels; and the system further comprises a power supply module configured to tap power from at least one of the strings of photovoltaic panels. 16. An apparatus comprising: at least one interface configured to receive a first address over an address bus; and an addressing circuit configured to modify the first address to generate a second address, transmit the second address to an external module via the at least one interface, and determine if at least one of the first and second addresses has a specified value. 17. The apparatus of claim 16, wherein the addressing circuit is further configured to indicate that the apparatus is being selected when at least one of the first and second addresses has the specified value. 18. The apparatus of claim 16, wherein the addressing circuit comprises: adder circuitry configured to decrement the first address to generate the second address; and logic circuitry configured to indicate whether the first address has a value of zero. 19. The apparatus of claim 16, wherein the addressing circuit comprises: adder circuitry configured to increment the first address to generate the second address; and logic circuitry configured to indicate whether the first address has a value of 2.sup.n-1, where n is a specified number of bits in the address bus. 20. The apparatus of claim 16, wherein the addressing circuit is configured to: indicate that the apparatus is not being selected when a system enable/disable signal indicates that a system comprising the apparatus is disabled or not enabled; indicate that the apparatus is not being selected when the system enable/disable signal indicates that the system is enabled and a board enable/disable signal indicates that the apparatus is disabled or not enabled; indicate that the apparatus is being selected regardless of the first address when an all enable/disable signal indicates that multiple apparatuses are enabled; and suppress jitter in an output of the apparatus when new addresses are received over the address bus. 