The invention relates to a method for the adjustment of the beam axis of a laser head and an apparatus for this purpose. The method includes the steps of introducing the laser head (3) into a mounting (8), determining the set/actual deviation of the beam axis (2), determining of motions (6A and/or 6B) necessary for reduction of the deviation, and adjustment of the beam axis (2) by driving the adjusting device (4) to generate the adjusting motions (6A and/or 6B), and transmitting the adjusting motions (6A and/or 6B) via the both arms (7A, 7B) of the adjusting lever (7) to the laser head (3) which is arranged in the mounting (8).
Claims 1. A method for an adjustment of a beam axis (2) of a laser head (3) by using an apparatus (1) which comprises a mounting (8) for the laser head (3), an adjusting device (4) comprising at least one adjusting unit (5A, 5B) for adjustment of the beam axis (2), and an adjusting lever (7) whose longitudinal extension is divided by a solid-body hinge (11) into two functional arms (7A, 7B), wherein the mounting (8) and the adjusting device (4) are arranged at opposing arms (7A, 7B) of the adjusting lever (7), and wherein the at least one adjusting unit (5A, 5B) has an adjusting axis (6A', 6B') which is different from the beam axis (2), wherein the method comprises the following steps: (a) introducing the laser head (3) into the mounting (8); (b) determining a set/actual deviation of the beam axis (2) of the laser head (3); (c) determining motions (6A and/or 6B) that are necessary for reduction of the deviation; and (d) aligning the beam axis (2) by driving the adjusting device (4) in order to generate adjusting motions (6A and/or 68), and transmitting the adjusting motions (6A and/or 6B) via the both arms (7A, 7B) of the adjusting lever (7) to the laser head (3) which is arranged in the mounting (8). 2. The method according to claim 1, wherein the set/actual determination takes place be means of the following steps: (b1) introducing laser machinable material in a treatment plane which is arranged perpendicular to the beam axis (2) of the laser head (3); (b2) driving the laser head (3) in such a manner that a mark occurs on the laser machinable material at an intersection (12) of beam axis (2) and treatment plane; (b3) determining an actual position of the mark; and (b4) determining a deviation of the actual position from a set position. 3. The method according to claim 1, wherein the set/actual determination takes place be means of the following steps: (b1) introducing an optical measurement device in a treatment plane which is arranged perpendicular to the beam axis (2) of the laser head (3); (b2) driving the laser head (3) in such a manner that, at an intersection (12) of beam axis (2) and treatment plane, a signal of an actual position of the intersection occurs in the optical measurement device; and (b3) determining a deviation of the actual position from a set position. 4. The method according to claim 1, wherein a subsequent step comprises determining if the deviation between the actual position and the set position is smaller than a preset limit, and wherein all steps are subsequently carried out until the limit is reached or under-run. 5. The method according to claim 1, wherein the steps of determing motion(s) that is/are necessary for reduction of the deviation, and/or driving of the adjusting device (4), and optionally determining the set/actual deviation takes place automatically. 6. The method according to claim 1, wherein the adjustment of the beam axis (2) takes place prior to and/or after the mounting of the laser head (3) into a production plant and/or during the operation of a production plant. 7. The method according to claim 6, wherein the adjustment of the beam axis (2) takes place during ongoing transport of laser machinable material, and wherein the mark is line shaped. 8. An apparatus (1) for the adjustment of a beam axis (2) of a laser head (3), comprising a mounting (8) for the laser head (3), an adjusting device (4) comprising at least one adjusting unit (5A, 5B) for adjustment of the beam axis (2), and an adjusting lever (7) whose longitudinal extension is divided by a solid-body hinge (11) into two functional arms (7A, 7B), wherein the mounting (8) and the adjusting device (4) are arranged at opposing arms (7A, 7B) of the adjusting lever (7), and wherein the at least one adjusting unit (5A, 5B) has an adjusting axis (6A', 6B') which is different from the beam axis (2). 9. The apparatus according to claim 8, wherein the adjusting axis (6A', 6B') and the beam axis (2) is/are arranged perpendicular to each other. 10. The apparatus according to claim 8, wherein the solid-body hinge (11) is formed by a flexural-torsion hinge which is firmly fixed to the adjusting lever (7) with its one end (11A), and which is fixable to an abutment with its other end (11B). 11. The apparatus according to claim 10, wherein the flexural-torsion hinge (11) has at least one media channel (14). 12. The apparatus according to claim 8, wherein the at least one adjusting unit (5A, 5B) comprises a knurled screw and/or a motorized drive. 13. The apparatus according to claim 12, wherein the adjusting device (4) comprises only one adjusting unit (5A) with an eccentric motor. 14. The apparatus according to claim 8, wherein the pivot region (10) is arranged in such a manner that a lever ratio of 10:1 is achievable between the adjusting device (4) and an intersection (12) of the beam axis (2) of the laser head (3) with a treatment plane. 15. The apparatus according to claim 8, further comprising an optical measurement device for determining an orientation of the laser head (3), and/or further comprising a control unit for driving and optionally controlling the adjusting device (4). 16. A multi-laser block for a production plant for the generation of selective emitter paths on solar cells, comprising a multitude of adjoiningly arranged apparatuses (1) as defined in claim 8, wherein each of the apparatuses (1) can be individually aligned. 