Described herein is a mounting system and slider clips that support simplified installation of photovoltaic structures. The mounting system comprises a support structure which can be mounted to support columns via an optional tilt table. The support structure comprises a plurality of parallel spaced beams and a plurality of parallel spaced rails that are mounted approximately perpendicular to the beams. Disclosed embodiments describe a collapsible support structure in which the rails are pivotally mounted to the beams. Rails are preassembled with prefabricated slider clips for holding edge portions of the photovoltaic structures. Rails can also be integrally formed with slider clips. Described herein are also methods of installing one or more photovoltaic structures using the mounting system and methods for manufacturing slider clips and a photovoltaic structure mounting system.
Claims 1-69. (canceled) 70. A method of installing a photovoltaic structure on a support element having preassembled first and second clips, each said clip having a holding element adapted to hold onto an edge portion of the photovoltaic structure, the holding element of said first clip being longer than the holding element of said second clip, the method comprising: inserting a first edge portion of the photovoltaic structure simultaneously into the respective holding element of at least one of said first clips mounted adjacent to each other on said support element; laying the photovoltaic structure parallel to the support element; and inserting a second edge portion opposite to the first edge portion of the photovoltaic structure simultaneously into the respective shorter holder element of at least one of said second clips mounted adjacent to each other on said support element opposite to said first clips. 71. The method of claim 70, wherein after the second inserting step, the photovoltaic structure is engaged by said first clips and said second clips. 72. The method of claim 70, wherein the photovoltaic structure is a carrier containing an array of photovoltaic modules. 73. The method of claim 70, wherein the photovoltaic structure is a photovoltaic module. 74-81. (canceled) 82. A method of manufacturing a photovoltaic structure mounting system for mounting one or more photovoltaic structures, said method comprising: forming a plurality of beams, said beams being mounted approximately parallel to each other on a support surface; forming a plurality of rails, said rails being attached approximately perpendicular to the beams and approximately parallel to each other; and attaching at least one pair of first and second clips to ends of said rails, each pair of clips being spaced on a respective rail, each said clip having an extending photovoltaic structure support element adapted to hold onto an edge portion of a respective photovoltaic structure placed between the support element and a respective rail, the support element of said first clip being longer than the support element of said second clip such that the respective photovoltaic structure can be slid under the support element of the first clip and then be slid under the support element of the second clip. 83. The method of claim 82, wherein the beams are mounted on the support surface at an angle relative to the support surface. 84. The method of claim 83, wherein the beams are mounted on tilt tables and the tables are capable of being adjusted to a predetermined angle. 85. The method of claim 82, wherein the rails have a recessed top surface extending the length of the rail, and each said clip is mounted in the recessed surface of the respective rail. 86. The method of claim 82, wherein, for each photovoltaic structure to be mounted, two or more pairs of first and second clips are mounted on adjacent rails and are used to hold the respective photovoltaic structure to the respective rails. 87. The method as in claim 82, further comprising attaching at least one third clip on the respective rails between each pair of said first and second clips, said third clip having a common support structure for integrating a pair of first and second clips on opposite sides of the common support structure. 88-103. (canceled) 104. A method of manufacturing a photovoltaic structure mounting system, said method comprising: forming a plurality of beams; forming a plurality of rails, said rails being pivotally connected to the beams; and providing at least one pair of first and second clips on each of said rails, each pair of clips being spaced on a respective rail, each said clip having an extending support element adapted to hold onto an edge portion of a photovoltaic structure, the support element of said first clip being longer than the support element of said second clip such that the photovoltaic structure can be slid under the support element of the first clip and then be slid under the support element of the second clip. 105. The method of claim 104, wherein the clips are integrally formed on the rails. 106. The method of claim 105, further comprising integrally forming the clips on the rails concurrent with formation of the rails. 107. The method of claim 105, further comprising integrally forming the clips on the rails subsequent to formation of the rails. 108. The method of claim 104, further comprising forming at least one angularly adjustable tilt table, said tilt table being attached to a support element and to at least one of the beams. 109. The method of claim 104, wherein the beams and rails are connected to be moveable from one position in which the beams are approximately parallel to each other and having a first spacing between the beams to another position in which the beams are approximately parallel to each other and having a second spacing between the beams which is less than the first spacing. 110. The method of claim 104, further comprising integrally forming at least one third clip on the respective rails between each pair of said first and second clips, said third clip having a common support structure and a pair of extending support elements, each support element extending in opposite directions from said common support structure, one support element being longer than the other of said support elements. 111. The method of claim 104, further comprising providing a resilient material on the inside surfaces of said support elements. 