A method for maintaining reliability of a distributed power system including a power converter having input terminals and output terminals. Input power is received at the input terminals. The input power is converted to an output power at the output terminals. A temperature is measured in or in the environment of the power converter. A temperature signal is input responsive to the temperature. The power conversion is controlled by adjusting the input power based on the temperature signal. The power conversion of the input power to the output power may be controlled to maximize the input power by setting at the input terminals the input voltage or the input current according to predetermined criteria. One of the predetermined criteria is configured to reduce the input power based on the temperature signal responsive to the temperature. The adjustment of input power reduces the input voltage and/or input current thereby lowering the temperature of the power converter.
Claims 1. A power converter comprising: input terminals; output terminals; wherein said power converter is operative to convert input power at said input terminals to an output power at said output terminals, a controller adapted for controlling the power conversion of said power converter; a temperature sensor adapted for measuring a temperature in the environment of the power converter, said temperature sensor operatively connected to an input of said controller; wherein said controller is configured for inputting a temperature signal from said temperature sensor and based on said temperature signal adjusts said input power. 2. The power converter according to claim 1, wherein said input terminals are adapted for connecting to a photovoltaic panel, wherein said power converter is operative to convert said input power received from said photovoltaic panel at said input terminals to said output power at said output terminals. 3. The power converter according to claim 2, further comprising: a control loop wherein during operation of said power converter said control loop sets at least one of the input voltage and the input current at said input terminals according to predetermined criteria. 4. The power converter according to claim 3, wherein said predetermined criteria include at least one temperature criterion based on said temperature signal as input from said temperature sensor. 5. The power converter according to claim 3, wherein said input terminals are adapted for connecting to a photovoltaic panel, wherein said power converter is operative to convert said input power received from said photovoltaic panel at said input terminals to said output power at said output terminals, and wherein said predetermined criteria provide for maximizing said input power based on said temperature signal as input from said temperature sensor without completely shutting down said power converter and ceasing completely said converting of said input power to said output power. 6. A distributed power system comprising: a power converter including: input terminals; output terminals; wherein said power converter is operative to convert input power at said input terminals to an output power at said output terminals, a controller adapted for controlling the power conversion of said power converter; a temperature sensor adapted for measuring a temperature in or in the environment of the power converter, said temperature sensor operatively connected to an input of said controller; wherein said controller is configured for inputting a temperature signal from said temperature sensor and based on said temperature signal adjusts said input power. 7. The power converter according to claim 6, wherein said input terminals are adapted for connecting to a photovoltaic panel, wherein said power converter is operative to convert said input power received from said photovoltaic panel at said input terminals to said output power at said output terminals. 8. The distributed power system according to claim 6, further comprising: a load including load input terminals and load output terminals, said load input terminals configured for receiving power from said power converter. 9. The distributed power system according to claim 6, wherein said load is selectably either an inverter or a direct current (DC) to DC power converter. 10. A method for maintaining reliability of a distributed power system, the distributed power system including a power converter including input terminals and output terminals, the method comprising the steps of: receiving input power at said input terminals; converting said input power to an output power at said output terminals; measuring a temperature in or in the environment of the power converter; inputting a temperature signal responsive to said temperature; and controlling said converting by adjusting said input power based on said temperature signal. 11. The method according to claim 10, wherein said input terminals are adapted for connecting to a photovoltaic panel and wherein said receiving power is from the photovoltaic panel. 12. The method according to claim 10, further comprising the steps of: controlling said converting of said input power to said output power thereby maximizing said input power; wherein said controlling includes setting at said input terminals at least one of the input voltage and the input current according to predetermined criteria. 13. The method according to claim 12, wherein at least one of said predetermined criteria is configured to reduce said input power based on said temperature signal responsive to said temperature. 14. The method according to claim 10, wherein said adjusting includes reducing selectably either said input voltage or input current thereby lowering said temperature. 15. The method according to claim 10, wherein said adjusting does not include a complete shut down of said power converter and ceasing completely said converting of said input power to said output power. 