An area electric power system includes a number of direct current power sources, and a number of inverters operatively associated with the number of direct current power sources. Each of the number of inverters is structured to provide real power and controlled reactive power injection to detect islanding. An output is powered by the number of inverters. A number of electrical switching apparatus are structured to electrically connect the number of inverters to and electrically disconnect the number of inverters from a utility grid. A number of devices are structured to detect islanding with respect to the utility grid responsive to a number of changes of alternating current frequency or voltage of the output.
Claims 1. A method of detecting islanding of an area electric power system including a number of inverters outputting an alternating current voltage including a voltage and a frequency, the method comprising: employing controlled reactive power injection by the number of inverters; and detecting islanding responsive to a number of changes of the voltage and the frequency of the alternating current voltage output by the number of inverters. 2. The method of claim 1 further comprising: providing said detecting islanding by detecting a number of an under-frequency condition, an over-frequency condition, an under-voltage condition, and an over-voltage condition of the alternating current voltage output by the number of inverters. 3. The method of claim 1 further comprising: providing said detecting islanding by a protection relay external to said number of inverters. 4. The method of claim 3 further comprising: independently detecting islanding by measuring inverter power factor deviation of each of the number of inverters with a number of inverter controllers. 5. The method of claim 3 further comprising: independently detecting islanding by detecting an under-frequency condition or an over-frequency condition of the alternating current voltage output by the number of inverters by an inverter controller of one of said number of inverters. 6. The method of claim 1 further comprising: providing said detecting islanding external to an inverter controller of one of said number of inverters. 7. The method of claim 1 further comprising: employing a solar farm or a wind farm as said area electric power system. 8. The method of claim 1 further comprising: employing one inverter as said number of inverters. 9. The method of claim 1 further comprising: employing a plurality of inverters electrically connected on a common transformer as said number of inverters. 10. The method of claim 9 further comprising: employing a solar farm or a wind farm as said area electric power system. 11. The method of claim 1 further comprising: providing said detecting islanding by detecting an abnormal voltage condition or an abnormal frequency condition of the alternating current voltage output by the number of inverters with a protection relay; and responsively opening a circuit interrupter with said protection relay. 12. The method of claim 11 further comprising: independently detecting islanding by detecting the abnormal frequency condition with an inverter controller of one of said number of inverters. 13. The method of claim 1 further comprising: employing said detecting islanding over a full range of power levels of the rating of said number of inverters. 14. The method of claim 1 further comprising: employing as said area electric power system an area electrical power system comprising a number of photovoltaic power sources, said number of inverters and a local load. 15. The method of claim 1 further comprising: switching the number of inverters from a grid-parallel mode of operation to an intentional island mode of operation. 16. The method of claim 1 further comprising: controlling the number of inverters to maintain a leading power factor at a utility grid connection as said employing controlled reactive power injection. 17. An area electric power system comprising: a number of direct current power sources; a number of inverters operatively associated with the number of direct current power sources, each of said number of inverters being structured to provide real power and controlled reactive power injection to detect islanding; an output powered by said number of inverters; a number of electrical switching apparatus structured to electrically connect the number of inverters to and electrically disconnect the number of inverters from a utility grid; and a number of devices structured to detect islanding with respect to the utility grid responsive to a number of changes of alternating current frequency or voltage of the output. 18. The area electric power system of claim 17 wherein one of the number of devices is a protection relay external to said number of inverters. 19. The area electric power system of claim 17 wherein said number of changes of alternating current frequency or voltage are selected from the group consisting of an under-frequency condition, an over-frequency condition, an under-voltage condition, and an over-voltage condition of the output. 20. The area electric power system of claim 17 wherein the number of devices is a protection relay external to one of said number of inverters and an inverter controller structured to control said one of said number of inverters; and wherein said inverter controller is further structured to independently detect islanding by measuring inverter power factor deviation of said one of said number of inverters. 21. The area electric power system of claim 20 wherein said protection relay is structured to detect islanding by detecting a number of an under-frequency condition, an over-frequency condition, an under-voltage condition, and an over-voltage condition of the output. 22. The area electric power system of claim 17 wherein one of the number of devices is an inverter controller structured to control one of said number of inverters; and wherein said inverter controller is further structured to detect islanding by measuring inverter power factor deviation of the one of said number of inverters. 23. The area electric power system of claim 22 wherein said inverter controller is further structured to switch said one of said number of inverters from a grid-parallel mode of operation to an intentional island mode of operation. 24. The area electric power system of claim 17 wherein the output powered by said number of inverters is structured for operation in parallel with the utility grid; and wherein the number of direct current power sources are selected from the group consisting of energy storage, renewable energy sources, and non-renewable energy sources. 25. The area electric power system of claim 17 wherein the output powered by said number of inverters is structured for operation in an intentional island when the utility grid is not present; and wherein the number of direct current power sources are selected from the group consisting of energy storage, renewable energy sources, and non-renewable energy sources. 