The invention relates to a device for monitoring room climate and ventilation behavior in and of inside rooms, having a readable memory unit, a control unit, and a signal generator that are integrated into a window or door handle, wherein the memory unit and/or the control unit is connected to at least one of the following sensors: a sensor that registers the position of the window or door handle (open, closed, or tilted), which may then be stored with the associated time data, or a sensor that measures the room temperature, or a sensor that measures the relative or absolute humidity of the room air such that, upon the room temperature falling below a preprogrammable value and/or upon the room air humidity exceeding a preprogrammable value, the signal generator is activated.
Claims 1. An apparatus for monitoring the room climate and the ventilation behavior in and of interior spaces, comprising a readable storage unit, a controller, and an alarm that are integrated into a window or door handle, the storage unit or the controller being connected to at least one of the following sensors: a) a sensor that records the position of the window or door handle (open, closed or ajar) that can then be stored with the associated time data, b) a sensor that measures the room temperature, c) a sensor that measures the relative or absolute air humidity of the room, such that, when the room temperature falls below a preprogrammable value or when the room air humidity exceeds a preprogrammable value, the alarm is activated. 2. The monitoring apparatus according to claim 1, wherein a sensor for measuring mold spores density or CO.sub.2 concentration is connected to the storage unit and alarm. 3. The monitoring apparatus according to claim 1 wherein, in addition, a sensor for measuring the outside temperature or outside air humidity is provided. 4. The monitoring apparatus according to claim 3, wherein the alarm is activated if one of the following states is reached: a) a preselectable temperature differential between the outside and inside temperature is reached or exceeded, b) a selectable inside temperature is reached or the temperature falls below or exceeds it, c) a preselectable time period within which the window or door was open is reached or exceeded, d) a preselectable CO.sub.2 concentration is exceeded, or e) a preselectable air humidity difference between the outside and inside air humidity is exceeded provided that a preprogrammable inside air humidity is exceeded as well. 5. The monitoring apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the alarm outputs an optical, acoustic, or mechanical signal. 6. The monitoring apparatus according to claim 1 further comprising means for a wireless data transfer via radio or infrared signal between the sensors, the alarm and the controller. 7. The monitoring apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the apparatus is configured as a central monitoring apparatus for a plurality of rooms. 8. The monitoring apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising an interface connected to the storage unit for reading the measured and recorded data. 9. The monitoring apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the alarm has at least one LED display with different light colors. 10. The monitoring apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the window handle or door handle position (open, closed or ajar) can be recorded by means of one or more magnets arrayed in a substantially annular manner and that, depending on the position of the magnets, record the handle position and thus the position of the window, or by means of one or more Hall sensors. 11. The monitoring apparatus according to claim 1 wherein for the power supply to all electronic components, a battery, a wet cell, or a solar-cell power supply is provided, the storage unit being nonvolatile so that data do not get lost during changing of a battery or wet cell or any other power interruption. 12. (canceled) 13. In combination: a handle assembly of a door or window; a sensor in the assembly for generating outputs indicating indoor and outdoor temperature; a sensor in the assembly for generating an output indicating whether the door or window is open or closed; a controller for evaluating the outputs; and an alarm connected to the controller for generating an alarm signal when the controller determines a dangerous condition based on the outputs. 14. The combination defined in claim 13, further comprising a wireless interface for transmitting the outputs from the sensors to the controller. 