A single or dual aligned synchronized generator and variable speed direct drive wind turbine for installation on a wind farm, solar and wind powered self watering farm, building, light post, atop roofs and other mountable locations employs either a vertical or horizontal shaft less wind turbine system. The system takes advantage of low or high wind speed conditions with specially designed geometrically shaped turbine blades of light weight. The hollow center allows the turbine to operate under less weight and stress than traditional turbine systems. The blades are designed to minimize negative forces, stresses and drag. Electrical energy may be stored or directly transmitted to a grid system. In addition the system employs a photovoltaic panel to collect solar energy to be used in addition to the wind energy created.
Claims 1. A combination wind turbine and solar system whereby two generators are aligned along the turbine whereby a; wind turbine is a variable speed turbine; wind turbine consists of at least one blade; wind turbine is composed of a shaft less center; wind turbine blades form a plurality of shapes and sizes; wind turbine tip blade ends and corner edges are affixed with a metallic wire; wind turbine is supported by horizontal or vertical top and bottom body caps; wind turbine is enclosed by a top and bottom; shaft less center housing; each generator is mounted to an inner circular plate; each generator is mounted to an outer circular plate; the units components are mounted outside of wind turbine unit; enclosure bars surround wind turbine unit; a solar panel may be mounted atop said wind turbine unit to supply solar energy; and, wind turbine may be mounted in or on a plurality of differing structures. 2. A combination wind turbine-and solar system according to claim 1, wherein said wind turbine consists of two or more blades. 3. A combination wind turbine and solar system according to claim 1, wherein said wind turbine is composed of a plurality of materials, preferably aluminum. 4. A combination wind turbine and solar system according to claim 1, wherein said wind turbine blade forms a near trapezoidal dimension of two or more near right angular bends forming a unique cup. 5. A combination wind turbine and solar system according to claim 1, wherein said wind turbine blade forms a savonius blade with airfoil. 6. A combination wind turbine and solar system according to claim 5, wherein said wind turbine blade forms a darrieus blade. 7. A combination wind turbine and solar system according to claim 5, wherein said wind turbine blade forms a C or S-shape blade. 8. A combination wind turbine and solar system according to claim 5, wherein said wind turbine blade is formed of a plurality of semi C-shaped blades, narrowly spaced apart similar to those blades of a rooftop ventilator. 9. A combination wind turbine and solar system according to claim 1, wherein said wind turbine upper and lower body caps act as a structural support to said wind turbine, are circular in shape, larger in circumference, and lie above and below said upper and lower circular plate whereby it is attached to said enclosure bars. 10. A combination wind turbine and solar system according to claim 9, wherein said wind turbine upper and lower plates are affixed to said turbine blades by means of a plurality of rib bits, screws or welds. 11. A combination wind turbine and solar system according to claim 1, wherein said wind turbine blade may be affixed to a metallic guy wire extending from the blade tip to the neighboring blade mid-section to reduce blade tip vibration and the warping of the blade. 12. A combination wind turbine and solar system according to claim 1, wherein said dual generators are mounted to the upper and lower body caps at either end of said generator by means of screws or nuts and bolts along generator housing. 13. A combination wind turbine and solar system according to claim, 1 wherein said outer circular body caps may be composed of wire mesh or a screen, or may be composed of a solid metallic substance. 14. A combination wind turbine and solar system according to claim 13, wherein said outer circular body caps are composed of a circular metallic inner disk, larger in circumference than said upper and lower inner plates and consisting of a circular opening about its middle for generator mounting, wherein a plurality of openings are arranged along the outer perimeter of said body caps whereby enclosure bars pass through and are attached and secured to said upper and lower body caps. 15. A combination wind turbine and solar system according to claim 1, wherein said upper and lower plates contain an opening about its center whereby said generators' mini shaft passes through and connects to said turbine. The area of said upper and lower plates revolves with said turbine inside of said enclosure bars. 16. A combination wind turbine and solar system according to claim 1, wherein said generators are mounted along the inner and outer surface of the upper and lower body caps and the by means of screws, and or nuts and bolts to add structural integrity to said turbine by limiting vibrations or movement along the generators axis, and by said generators stator, bearings and shaft. 17. A combination wind turbine and solar system according to claim 16, wherein said generators are synchronized. 18. A combination wind turbine and solar system according to claim 1, wherein said unit components such as, but not limited to a charge controller, and an inverter whose preferred embodiment is of a true sine wave type, are housed outside of the wind turbine unit thereof. 19. A combination wind and solar system according to claim 1, wherein said enclosure bars are attached to the distal ends of said upper and lower body caps and increase the structural integrity of said wind turbine. 20. A combination wind and solar system according to claim 19, wherein said enclosure bars possess a hollowed interior allowing for the passage therein of wiring to and from said generators. The distal ends of the enclosure bar are threaded about the exterior whereby bolts lock it into place. 21. A combination wind and solar system according to claim 19, wherein said enclosure bars surround and enclose said wind turbine thereby acting as a deterrent to prevent birds from reaching said turbine blades. 22. A combination wind and solar system according to claim 1, wherein said shaft-less center of the turbine is affixed to said turbine blades by rib bits and may be posted vertically and/or horizontally about the center of the surfaces of the upper and lower plates to which it is also affixed. 23. A combination wind and solar system according to claim 1, wherein said center of the wind turbine is composed of a regular through shaft, when desired, a generator affixed to each distal end, said turbine blades either affixed to both upper and lower plates and shaft or simply directly attached to said upper and lower plates. 24. A combination wind and solar system according to claim 22, wherein said shaft-less center is composed of a plurality of miniature metallic blades set horizontally in a vertical mounted wind turbine. Said blades are planar shaped whereby the L-bends along the ends are rib bitted along the bend of the accompanying blade to the inner edge of the following blade, thus interconnecting all turbine blades therein. 25. A combination wind and solar system according to claim 24, wherein said shaft-less center miniature support blades are placed along the four voids which create openings about the center of said wind turbine thereby acting as a center post connecting said turbine blades to increase structural integrity. 26. A combination wind and solar system according to claim 25, wherein said shaft-less center is formed of a semi-circular shape whereby said miniature support blades are also semi-circular in shape. 27. A combination wind and solar system according to claim 26, wherein said shaft-less center is formed of a square or rectangular shape, whereby said miniature support blades consists of a planar shape and are attached along all four sides of said shaft-less center. 28. A combination wind and solar system according to claim 1, wherein said solar panel is attached to a vertical column consisting of a bracket upon the upper generator housing to collect solar energy. 29. A combination wind and solar system according to claim 28, wherein said solar panel is adjustable to face the sun for as long as possible. 30. A combination wind and solar system according to claim 28, wherein said solar panel is contained within a metallic frame covered atop by glass, whereby a U-shaped member directly below is attached to said solar panel and generator housing thereby allowing for the eastern facing angle of said solar panel. 31. A combination wind and solar system according to claim 1, wherein said wind turbine may be mounted atop a light post, a building roof, along the side of a building or within a wind farm. 32. A combination wind and solar system according to claim 1, wherein said generator mini-shaft consists of a male portion extending from said generator and a female lower portion that extends from the central mini-shaft and are rib bitted or bolted together. 33. A combination wind and solar system according to claim 1, wherein said solar panel may or may not be included in said wind turbine unit. 