The invention relates to a technical embodiment and a method for utilizing air in conjunction with heat pumps and other domestic installations or the house as such, e.g. basements, staircases etc., said air being heated up on photovoltaic systems. The aim of the invention is to devise a technical embodiment with an improved dimensional shape and a method for utilizing air in conjunction with heat pumps and other domestic installations or the house as such, e.g. basements, staircases etc., said air being heated up on photovoltaic systems. The photovoltaic modules comprise modular mounting rails that extend from the gutter to the rooftop and are arranged on the sloped surface/roofing in such a manner that the channels formed in this manner and generating a current or draft of air have lamellar cages on the lower inlet and ventilators on the upper outlet. The ventilators are incorporated into a collecting channel having individual ducts and being arranged at the upper outlets so as to interconnect them crosswise, said channel being connected to a multiport air mixer lying under the sloped surface/roofing via an additional air channel which supplies air to an air/water heat pump. In another embodiment, the system is used for tilting mounts in open space installations.
Claims 1. Arrangement for utilizing the heat generated at photovoltaic systems inside building systems, wherein the commercially available photovoltaic modules are used on sloped surfaces, in particular on roofs, wherein these photovoltaic modules (1) are mounted by means of modular mounting rails (2), which extend from the roof gutter to the roof gable, on the top side of the sloped surface/roof membrane (9), said modular mounting rails forming a continuous spaced channel without their own openings and being arranged in a row so as to be optionally interconnected, are arranged on the sloped surface/roof membrane (9), that the sloped surface/roof membrane (9) has inside the formed channels (3) planar flat elements, which are structured with definite elevations in the direction of the photovoltaic module (1) and which are made of a material (12) that is a good heat insulator, that the channels (3), which are formed in this way and generate an upward air current or air draft, have squirrel cage fans (4') on the lower input (4) and ventilators (5) on the upper output, that the ventilators (5) in turn are integrated into a collecting channel, which is arranged in a transversely connecting manner to the upper outputs and which comprises individual shafts (6). that the collecting channel (6) is connected to a multiport air mixer (8), which is located under the sloped surface/roof membrane (9), by way of an additional air channel (7). 2. Arrangement, as claimed in claim 1, wherein the sloped surfaces are formed by a stand assembly by means of stands (13) and that in order to form the channel of these stands one or more all-encompassing boxes (14) are mounted on these stands, said boxes containing the photovoltaic modules (1) and the other arrangement elements (2) to (8). 3. Arrangement, as claimed in claim 1, wherein the flat surfaces, structured with definite elevations, are made of a synthetic plastic material in mat, board or other form with a very high thermal insulating capacity. 4. Arrangement, as claimed in claim 1, wherein the squirrel cage fans (4') are provided individually per upwards extending channel (3) or more specifically per shaft in the collecting channel (6); and each of these cages can be controlled individually. 5. Arrangement, as claimed in claim 1, wherein the collecting channel (6) consists of integrated single shafts, each of which is provided with a squirrel cage fan. 6. Arrangement, as claimed in claim 1, wherein the additional connecting air channel (7) is provided with an integrated suction/pressure ventilator that can be switched over, in order to mix the air. 7. Arrangement, as claimed in claim 1, wherein the flowing air, which changes its temperature due to the heat exchange, in the arrangement and spatial parts: the lower input (4) with squirrel cage fan (4'), channel (3), which generates the upward air current or air draft, upper output with ventilator (5), collecting channel (6) with controllable squirrel cage fan and individual shafts, connecting air channel (7) with integrated suction/pressure ventilator and multiport air mixer (8)--is provided for the purpose of being delivered to an air/water heat pump or into the building/house ventilation system or the building body itself--for example, into the basement and/or into the stairwell. 8. Method for utilizing the heat generated at photovoltaic systems inside building systems, wherein the commercially available photovoltaic modules are used on sloped surfaces, in particular on roofs, wherein the hot air that is generated under the photovoltaic modules (1) is passed between them and the upper side of the sloped surface or more specifically the roof membrane (9) in channels (3) comprising the controllable squirrel cage fans (4'), which are disposed at the bottom or top of said channels, to the roof ridge upper edge or rather the upper edge of the sloped surface (9), so that the structured elements (12) swirl this air which, as a result, on the one hand cools the photovoltaic modules (1) and, on the other hand, absorbs their thermal energy for energetic utilization, that there at the top the air is drawn off over the individual shafts by means of the collecting channel (6), located at said top, through the suction ports, which are located in said channel and which are provided with controllable squirrel cage fans (4'), and the ventilator (5), which may be disposed there, and that then said air is passed by means of an additional air channel (7) having an integrated suction/pressure ventilator into the multiport air mixer (8) for the purpose of being delivered to an air/water heat pump (10) or into the building/house ventilation system (11) or the building body itself--for example, the basement and the stairwell. 9. Method, as claimed in claim 6, wherein the individual shafts of the collecting channel (6) are connected or disconnected as necessary by means of the individually controllable squirrel cage fans (4'). 10. Method, as claimed in claim 6, wherein the air conditioned in the multiport air mixer (8) is delivered to an air/water heat pump (10) and/or a building/house ventilation system (11) or the building body itself--for example, the basement and stairwell. 11. Method, as claimed in claim 8, wherein the air in the multiport air mixer (8) is conditioned in such a way that the hot air is mixed, as a function of the requirements, with fresh intake air and/or cold blow-off air of the heat pump (10). 12. Method, as claimed in claim 6, wherein in the winter, as needed, the air flow in the connecting air channel (7) with the integrated suction/air ventilator is reversed, thus heating up the photovoltaic modules (1) for the purpose of melting the snow/ice covering the photovoltaic modules (1). 