A photovoltaic power generation system, includes: a photovoltaic power generator configured to output an electrical power generated using light; an inverter configured to convert the generated electrical power into an alternating current (AC) power and supply the AC power to a commercial power source or to a load; a capacitor configured to store the generated electrical power; and a monitor configured to direct the generated electrical power to the inverter or the capacitor based on an operation mode selected by a user.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic power generation system, comprising: a photovoltaic power generator configured to output an electrical power generated using light; an inverter configured to convert the generated electrical power into an alternating current (AC) power and supply the AC power to a commercial power source or to a load; a capacitor configured to store the generated electrical power; and a monitor configured to direct the generated electrical power to the inverter or the capacitor based on an operation mode selected by a user. 2. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 1, wherein the monitor includes: an operation mode selection receiver configured to receive an operation mode selection from the user and output an operation mode signal; a controller configured to receive the operation mode signal and output a control signal based on the operation mode signal; and a path selector configured to receive the control signal and select a path that directs the generated electrical power to the inverter or the capacitor based on the control signal. 3. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 2, wherein the operation mode is selected from at least one of: a load driving mode for driving the load using the generated electrical power; a power sale mode for selling the generated electrical power to the commercial power source; and a charging mode for storing the generated electrical power in the capacitor. 4. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 3, wherein in the load driving mode, the controller compares an amount of generated electrical power with an amount of electrical power required to drive the load, and wherein when the amount of generated electrical power is equal to or more than the required amount of electrical power, the controller outputs a control signal for selecting a path that directs the generated electrical power to the load. 5. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 4, wherein the controller decides whether an excess generated electrical power exists, and wherein when the excess generated electrical power exists, the controller outputs a control signal for storing the excess generated electrical power in the capacitor or for selling the excess generated electrical power to the commercial power source. 6. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 5, wherein the controller decides whether the capacitor is in a chargeable state, wherein when the capacitor is in the chargeable state, the controller outputs a control signal for storing the excess generated electrical power in the capacitor, and wherein when the capacitor is not in the chargeable state, the controller outputs a control signal for selling the excess generated electrical power to the commercial power source. 7. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 4, wherein when the amount of generated electrical power is less than the required amount of electrical power, the controller outputs a control signal for supplying a commercial electrical power provided by the commercial power source or for supplying a stored electrical power of the capacitor to the load. 8. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 7, wherein the controller decides whether the stored electrical power exists in the capacitor, wherein when the stored electrical power exists in the capacitor, the controller outputs a control signal for supplying the stored electrical power to the load, wherein when the stored electrical power does not exist in the capacitor, the controller outputs a control signal for supplying the commercial electrical power to the load. 9. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 3, wherein in the power sale mode, the controller outputs a control signal for selecting a path that directs the generated electrical power to the commercial power source. 10. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 9, wherein the controller decides whether a stored electrical power exists in the capacitor, wherein when the stored electrical power exists in the capacitor, the controller compares an amount of stored electrical power with an amount of electrical power required to drive the load, wherein when the amount of stored electrical power is equal to or more than the required amount of electrical power, the controller outputs a control signal for selling the generated electrical power to the commercial power source and for supplying the stored electrical power to the load, and wherein when the amount of stored electrical power is less than the required amount of electrical power, the controller outputs a control signal for selling the generated electrical power to the commercial power source and for supplying the stored electrical power and a commercial electrical power provided by the commercial power source to the load. 11. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 10, wherein when the stored electrical power does not exist in the capacitor, the controller outputs a control signal for selling the generated electrical power to the commercial power source and supplying the commercial electrical power to the load. 12. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 3, wherein in the charging mode, the controller decides whether the capacitor is in a chargeable state, wherein when the capacitor is in the chargeable state, the controller outputs a control signal for selecting a path directing the generated electrical power to the capacitor. 13. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 12, wherein the controller outputs a control signal for supplying a commercial electrical power provided by the commercial power source to the load. 14. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 12, wherein when the capacitor is not in the chargeable state, the controller compares an amount of generated electrical power with an amount of electrical power required to drive the load, wherein when the amount of generated electrical power is more than the required amount of electrical power, the controller outputs a control signal for supplying a portion of the generated electrical power to the load and for supplying an excess generated electrical power to the commercial power source, wherein when the amount of generated electrical power is less than the required amount of electrical power, the controller outputs a control signal for supplying the generated electrical power and a commercial electrical power provided by the commercial power source to the load, wherein when the amount of generated electrical power is substantially equal to the required amount of electrical power, the controller outputs a control signal for supplying the generated electrical power to the load. 15. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 2, further comprising a display configured to display an operation state of the photovoltaic power generation system in response to a control signal from the controller. 16. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 15, wherein the display displays at least one of an amount of generated electrical power, an amount of stored electrical power, an amount of sold electrical power, a sale price of electrical power, and a power intensity, in response to the control signal from the controller. 17. The photovoltaic power generation system of claim 15, wherein the display displays a power flow state of the photovoltaic power generation system in response to the control signal from the controller. 18. A method for controlling a photovoltaic power generation system, comprising: receiving an operation mode selection from a user; when the operation mode is a load driving mode, selecting a path of a generated electrical power from a photovoltaic power generator to a load; when the operation mode is a power sale mode, selecting a path of the generated electrical power from the photovoltaic power generator to a commercial power source; and when the operation mode is a charging mode, selecting a path of the generated electrical power from the photovoltaic power generator to a capacitor. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein when the operation mode is a load driving mode, comparing an amount of generated electrical power with an amount of electrical power required to drive the load, when the amount of generated electrical power is equal to or more than the required amount of electrical power, deciding whether an excess generated electrical power exists, and when the excess generated electrical power exists, outputting a control signal for storing the excess generated electrical power in the capacitor or for selling the excess generated electrical power to the commercial power source. 20. The method of claim 19, wherein when the excess generated electrical power exists, deciding whether the capacitor is in a chargeable state, when the capacitor is in the chargeable state, outputting a control signal for supplying the generated electrical power to the load and storing the excess generated electrical power in the capacitor, and when the capacitor is not in the chargeable state, outputting a control signal for supplying the generated electrical power to the load and selling the excess generated electrical power to the commercial power source. 21. The method of claim 19, wherein when the amount of generated electrical power is less than the required amount of electrical power, outputting a control signal for supplying a commercial electrical power provided by the commercial power supply or a stored electrical power of the capacitor to the load. 22. The method of claim 21, wherein when the amount of generated electrical power is less than the required amount of electrical power, deciding whether the stored electrical power exists in the capacitor; when the stored electrical power exists in the capacitor, outputting a control signal for supplying the generated electrical power and the stored electrical power to the load; and when the stored electrical power does not exist in the capacitor, outputting a control signal for supplying the generated electrical power and the commercial electrical power to the load. 23. The method of claim 18, wherein when the operation mode is a power sale mode, deciding whether a stored electrical power exists in the capacitor, when the stored electrical power exists in the capacitor, comparing an amount of stored electrical power with an amount of electrical power required to drive the load, when the amount of stored electrical power is equal to or more than the required amount of electrical power, outputting a control signal for supplying the generated electrical power to the commercial power source and for supplying the stored electrical power to the load; and when the amount of stored electrical power is less than the required amount of electrical power, outputting a control signal for selling the generated electrical power to the commercial power source and for supplying the stored electrical power and a commercial electrical power provided by the commercial power source to the load. 24. The method of claim 23, wherein when the stored electrical power does not exist in the capacitor, outputting a control signal for selling the generated electrical power to the commercial power source and for supplying the commercial electrical power to the load. 25. The method of claim 18, wherein when the operation mode is a charging mode, deciding whether the capacitor is in a chargeable state; and when the capacitor is in the chargeable state, outputting a control signal for supplying the generated electrical power to the capacitor. 26. The method of claim 25, wherein when the capacitor is in the chargeable state, outputting a control signal for supplying a commercial electrical power provided by the commercial power source to the load. 27. The method of claim 25, wherein when the capacitor is not in the chargeable state, comparing an amount of generated electrical power with an amount of electrical power required to drive the load; when the amount of generated electrical power is more than the required amount of electrical power, outputting a control signal for supplying a portion of the generated electrical power to the load and for supplying an excess generated electrical power to the commercial power source; when the amount of generated electrical power is less than the required amount of electrical power, outputting a control signal for supplying the generated electrical power and a commercial electrical power provided by the commercial power source to the load; and when the amount of generated electrical power is substantially equal to the required amount of electrical power, outputting a control signal for supplying the generated electrical power to the load. 28. The method of claim 18, further comprising displaying an operation state of the photovoltaic power generation system on a display. 29. The method of claim 28, wherein the display displays a current power flow state of the photovoltaic power generation system. 30. The method of claim 28, wherein the display displays at least one of an amount of generated electrical power, an amount of stored electrical power, an amount of sold power, a sale price of the electrical power, and a power intensity. 31. A system for controlling a photovoltaic power generation system, comprising: operation mode selection receiver configured to receive an operation mode selection from an user and to output an operation mode signal; a controller configured to receive the operation mode signal and output a control signal based on the operation mode signal; and a path selector configured to received the control signal and select a path that directs an electrical power generated by a photovoltaic generator to an inverter or a capacitor based on the control signal. 