An ornamental wall-mounted or freestanding decor object, such as a cross or crucifix, which utilizes LEDs or some other form of lighting technology to illuminate itself in a decorative and aesthetic fashion when a PIR (Passive Infrared) motion sensor detects motion in the vicinity of the object.
Claims 1. A wall mountable decorative object, such as a crucifix or cross, comprised of: A base mount that allows the object to stand vertically or to be mounted on a vertical surface such as a wall; A motion sensor, such as a Passive Infrared (PIR) sensor, used to detect motion in the vicinity of the decorative object; A lens, such as a Fresnel lens, for the purpose of concentrating infrared energy onto the PIR sensor to enhance the active detection range of the sensor; LEDs (Light Emitting Diodes) or light sources for the purpose of illuminating the object in a decorative fashion; A circuit for interpreting the motion sensor and illuminating the object in a decorative fashion for a period of time once motion is detected near the object; A battery or power source for supplying power to the system and light source One or more programming switches or sensors for changing the brightness, color, mode of operation, and/or on time of the light source 2. An object as described in claim 1 having a removable back wall mount 3. An object as described in claim 1 having RGB (Red/Green/Blue) LEDs for the purpose of illuminating the surrounding area in multiple decorative colors 4. An object as described in claim 1 having hooks molded into the enclosure that secure the Printed Circuit Board in place without the use of screws or fasters 5. An object as described in claim 1 having an ambient light sensor used to detect changes in ambient light conditions and adjust the brightness of or disable the light source output 6. An object as described in claim 1 having an electrical converter circuit for supplying current from a standard AC wall outlet 7. An object as described in claim 1 having solar cells and inverting circuit for generating current from the solar cells 8. An object as described in claim 1 having a rechargeable power source and associated charge circuitry 9. An object as described in claim 1 having a keyhole for hanging on a nail, screw or other fastener when mounting to vertical surfaces 10. A wall mountable decorative object comprised of: A base mount that allows the object to stand vertically or to be mounted on a vertical surface such as a wall; A motion sensor, such as a Passive Infrared (PIR) sensor, used to detect motion in the vicinity of the object; A lens, such as a Fresnel lens, for the purpose of concentrating infrared energy onto the PIR sensor to enhance the active detection range of the sensor; LEDs (Light Emitting Diodes) or light sources for the purpose of illuminating the object in a decorative fashion; A circuit for interpreting the motion sensor and illuminating the light source in a decorative fashion for a period of time once motion is detected near the object; A battery or power source for supplying power to the system and light source One or more programming switches or sensors for changing the brightness, color, mode of operation, and/or on time of the light source 11. An object as described in claim 10 having a removable back wall mount 12. An object as described in claim 10 having RGB (Red/Green/Blue) LEDs for the purpose of illuminating the surrounding area in multiple decorative colors 13. An object as described in claim 10 having hooks molded into the enclosure that secure the Printed Circuit Board in place without the use of screws or fasters 14. An object as described in claim 10 having an ambient light sensor used to detect changes in ambient light conditions and adjust the brightness of or disable the light source output 15. An object as described in claim 10 having an electrical converter circuit for supplying current from a standard AC wall outlet 16. An object as described in claim 10 having solar cells and inverting circuit for generating current from the solar cells 17. An object as described in claim 10 having a rechargeable power source and associated charge circuitry 18. An object as described in claim 10 having a keyhole for hanging on a nail, screw or other fastener when mounting to vertical surfaces 19. A wall mountable decorative object comprised of: A base mount that allows the object to stand vertically or to be mounted on a vertical surface such as a wall; A motion sensor, such as a Passive Infrared (PIR) sensor, used to detect motion in the vicinity of the object; A lens, such as a Fresnel lens, for the purpose of concentrating infrared energy onto the PIR sensor to enhance the active detection range of the sensor; LEDs (Light Emitting Diodes) or light sources for the purpose of illuminating the object in a decorative fashion; A circuit for interpreting the motion sensor and illuminating the light source in a decorative fashion for a period of time once motion is detected near the object; A battery or power source for supplying power to the system and light source One or more programming switches or sensors for changing the brightness, color, mode of operation, and/or on time of the light source 