Wireless transmitters are integrated with manual marine-propulsion implements associated with small watercraft (paddles, oars, poles, and the like). The transmitters are controlled by hand-operated actuators. The actuators are designed to be manipulated without looking and positioned within convenient reach of an operator's normal hand position on the implement. A corresponding wireless receiver on a target device enables the transmitter signal to control the device. Thus, an operator of a small watercraft can control a useful target device without first shipping or otherwise securing the manual implement, and may simultaneously continue to manually propel or steer the watercraft with the implement. Application examples include a propulsion-assist motor on a stand-up paddled (SUP) surfboard.
Claims 1. A wireless control system for a target device associated with a watercraft, comprising: an implement configured to manually propel or steer the watercraft, a wireless transmitter mounted on the implement, an actuator mounted on the implement and connected to control the wireless transmitter, and a wireless receiver configured to control the target device in response to signals from the wireless transmitter. 2. The system of claim 1, where the implement is selected from the group of paddles, oars, poles, sculls, and sweeps. 3. The system of claim 1, further comprising a power source connected to the wireless transmitter. 4. The system of claim 3, where the power source is rechargeable. 5. The system of claim 4, further comprising a solar cell mounted on the implement and connected to recharge the power source. 6. The system of claim 1, further comprising a transmitter microprocessor with an information-storage element connected to the actuator and the wireless transmitter, and programmed to recognize a variety of manipulations of the actuator and issue a corresponding variety of commands to the wireless transmitter, causing the wireless transmitter to emit a corresponding variety of signals. 7. The system of claim 1, where the transmitter comprises a radio-frequency transmitter. 8. The system of claim 7, where a conductive shaft of the implement is connected to act as an antenna for the wireless transmitter. 9. The system of claim 7, where a linear antenna is routed from the wireless transmitter through a channel in a non-conductive shaft of the implement. 10. The system of claim 1, where the actuator is positioned close to a typical hand position of an operator using the implement. 11. The system of claim 10, where the actuator is designed and positioned for both right-handed and left-handed use. 12. The system of claim 10, further comprising a redundant actuator positioned for use by an opposite hand. 13. The system of claim 10, where the actuator is configured to alter the signals from the wireless transmitter in discrete, quasi-continuous, or continuous increments. 14. The system of claim 10, where the actuator delivers a tactile feedback when changing the signal from the wireless transmitter. 15. The system of claim 10, where the actuator is selected from the group of a spring-loaded button, a curved trigger, a twist-grip, a slider, and a Hall-effect sensor. 16. The system of claim 1, where the actuator, the wireless transmitter, and connections therebetween are capable of attachment and detachment from an implement in the field. 17. The system of claim 16, where the actuator, the wireless transmitter, and connections therebetween are housed in a shaft segment with mechanical coupling features configured to mate with neighboring parts of a shaft portion of the implement. 18. The system of claim 1, where the wireless receiver is keyed to ignore signals other than those of a particular wireless transmitter. 19. The system of claim 1, further comprising a receiver microprocessor with an information-storage element connected to the target device and the wireless receiver, and programmed to recognize a variety of signals reaching the wireless receiver and issue a corresponding variety of commands to the target device, causing the target device to responsively perform a corresponding variety of actions. 20. The system of claim 1, where the target device is configured to safely pause a function in progress if the receiver stops receiving the control signals. 21. The system of claim 20, where the target device comprises a propulsion motor, the function in progress comprises delivering power to the propulsion motor, and the safely pausing comprises a gradual ramp-down of power to prevent a sudden jarring stop. 22. A method of installing a wireless control interface in a manual marine-propulsion implement, comprising: providing an actuator operable with one hand by an operator holding the implement, connecting the actuator to a transmitter assembly comprising a wireless transmitter, a trigger unit controlling the wireless transmitter responsively to manipulations of the actuator, and a power source connected to supply power to the wireless transmitter, mounting the actuator near an expected hand position of an operator using the implement, and sealing the transmitter assembly into a cavity in the implement, such that water is excluded but signals from the transmitter may propagate outside the implement. 23. The method of claim 22, further comprising hollowing out the cavity in an implement having no pre-existing cavity of a size, shape, and location to accommodate the transmitter assembly. 24. The method of claim 22, further comprising fabricating a separate segment for the implement, where the separate segment comprises the cavity, and conjoining the separate segment to a complementary segment to construct the finished implement. 25. The method of claim 24, further comprising detaching a complementary segment in the field and replacing it with a different complementary segment to construct a different finished implement. 26. The method of claim 22, further comprising adjusting the actuator position to accommodate an individual operator's physical characteristics. 27. The method of claim 22, where sealing comprises encapsulating moisture-sensitive portions of the actuator, transmitter, and any connections between them in a waterproof potting compound. 28. A means of controlling a target device associated with a watercraft, comprising: a means for operator input of commands attached to a means of manually propelling or steering the watercraft, and a means for wirelessly transmitting the commands to the target device, where at least the input means and the transmitting means are encapsulated for resistance to moisture, mechanical shock and stress, temperature cycles, chemical exposure, and solar radiation typically experienced by the means of manually propelling or steering. 