The subject matter of the invention is the provision of a power-management system and method for photovoltaic installations connecting to the grid, which incorporates monitoring active and/or reactive power, account being taken at all times of grid requirements, in order to allow temporary demand arising in the grid to be addressed, thereby contributing to regulation of the grid and to the stability and quality thereof.
Claims 1. A method for power management in a photovoltaic installation equipped with a plurality of power control minimum units "UMCP", wherein it includes carrying out an active power control comprised of the following phases: establishing an active power reserve setpoint for the installation; where said active power reserve setpoint is selected from among an economic optimization algorithm, a grid frequency control loop, external requirements, an installation power output variation rate control loop and a combination thereof; determining a first array of power control minimum units "UMCP" which operate without limiting its active power; estimating the active power producible by the photovoltaic installation; determining a second array of power control minimum units "UMCP" which operate limiting its active power at a certain value; where said limitation is established from the active power reserve setpoint and from the estimation of producible active power. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the estimation of producible active power is obtained by means of at least one option selected from the group consisting of: the power generated by the first array of power control minimum units "UMCP", at least one calibrated photovoltaic cell, the orientation of any of the arrays of power control minimum units "UMCP" with respect to the sun and from a sample of the V-I curve of the power control minimum units "UMCP", obtained by means of variation in the periodic operating voltage of the power control minimum units "UMCP". 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the number of units that form the second array of power control minimum units "UMCP" is selected based on the active power limitation required from said array, and taking into account that the number of units that form the first array of power control minimum units "UMCP" must constitute a representative sample of the photovoltaic installation. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein a percentage of the active power reserve is obtained by modifying the orientation of at least one of the units of the second array of power control minimum units "UMCP". 5. The method of claim 1, wherein a percentage of the active power reserve is achieved by controlling the operating voltage of at least one of the units of the second array of power control minimum units "UMCP". 6. The method of claim 1, wherein a percentage of the active power reserve is obtained through the connection and disconnection of at least one power control minimum unit "UMCP". 7. The method of claim 1, wherein a percentage of the desired active power reserve is obtained from the consumption of a controlled load. 8. A method for power management in a photovoltaic installation equipped with at least one electronic converter, which includes carrying out a reactive power control comprised of the following phases: establish a reactive power setpoint for the photovoltaic installation; determine the reactive power generated or consumed by each electronic converter of the installation; wherein: the reactive power reserve setpoint is selected from among an economic optimization algorithm, a grid voltage control loop, external requirements and any combination thereof; the reactive power generated or consumed by each electronic converter is carried out in a coordinated manner between the different electronic converters through a block that executes an optimization algorithm based on the following criteria: i) the active power of each electronic converter; ii) the reactive power of each electronic converter; iii) the proportion of reactive power produced with respect to its capacity. 9. The method of claim 8, wherein it comprises modifying the reactive power setpoint in at least one of the electronic converters, by means of an internal voltage regulation loop to maintain its output voltage within previously established limits. 10. The method of claim 8, wherein the reactive power is controlled independently in each of the electronic converters. 11. A system for power management in a photovoltaic installation which comprises: at least one control unit "UC", where said UC comprises means for managing power in the photovoltaic installation, selected from among active power management means, reactive power management means and a combination thereof; at least one Power Control Minimum Unit "UMCP" consisting of an array of photovoltaic generators where the energy production of each Power Control Minimum Unit is individually controlled; at least one electronic converter "CE" for transforming direct current into alternating current; one local control unit "UCL" associated to each array of UMCP; a communications network that interconnects at least one local control unit "UCL" with at least the control unit "UC" and with at least one electronic converter "CE". 12. The system of claim 11, wherein the means for managing the active power of the control unit comprise the following means: means for monitoring the active power of the different UMCPs; means for establishing the operating mode of each UMCP; means for sending active power setpoints to each UMCP. 13. The system of claim 11, wherein the control unit "UC" and local control unit "UCL" form part of a single device. 14. The system of claim 11, wherein it includes a device for controlling the position of at least one UMCP with respect to the sun. 15. The system of claim 11, wherein it includes a device for controlling the operating voltage of at least one UMCP. 16. The system of claim 11, wherein it includes at least one controlled load that consumes the active energy generated by the photovoltaic installation, being a percentage of the active power reserve of the installation. 17. The system of claim 16, wherein the controlled load is an element selected from among an electric load and an energy storage unit, in turn selected from among an electrolyzer, a battery, a flywheel and a supercapacitor. 18. The system of claim 17, wherein the control unit comprises means for controlling variations in the power output of the installation, using the energy stored in each energy storage unit. 19. The system of claim 16, wherein said controlled load is connected in parallel to the entrance of the electronic converters "CE". 20. The system of claim 16, wherein said controlled load is connected in parallel to the exit of the electronic converters "CE". 21. The system of claim 11, wherein the control unit "UC", the local control unit "UCL" and the electronic converter "CE" are housed in a casing option selected between different casings and the same casing. 