A rack assembly for supporting a solar energy collecting module on a support surface is provided that has a plurality of upright frames and a transverse element connected to the plurality of upright frames. An associated method of constructing the rack assembly is also provided.
Claims 1-23. (canceled) 24. A solar energy collection assembly for mounting on a support surface, the assembly comprising: a solar collecting module, a wind deflector, a rack assembly including: a plurality of upright triangular-shaped frames, each frame comprising: a first leg extending substantially parallel to the support surface in a first direction, a second leg extending from the first leg at a first angle relative to the first leg, the second leg supporting the module at an angle relative to the support surface, a third leg extending from the first leg at a second angle relative to the first leg and connected to the second leg to form the triangular-shaped frame, and a transverse member connected to the first leg of each of the plurality of frames and extending substantially parallel to the support surface in a second direction, the third leg supporting the wind deflector at the second angle relative to the first leg, the wind deflector being separate from the third leg and extending along substantially the entire length of the third leg. 25. The assembly of claim 24 further comprising at least three triangular shaped frames and at least two solar collecting modules. 26. The assembly of claim 24 further comprising at least three solar collecting modules, and wherein the plurality of triangular-shaped frames numbers one more than the number of solar collecting modules. 27. The assembly of claim 24 wherein at least one leg is made of roll-formed sheet metal. 28. The assembly of claim 24 wherein each of the legs is made of roll-formed sheet metal. 29. The assembly of claim 24 wherein the transverse member is made of roll-formed sheet metal. 30. The assembly of claim 29 wherein the roll-formed sheet metal of the transverse member is corrosion resistant steel. 31. The assembly of claim 29 wherein the roll-formed sheet metal of the transverse member defines a ballast tray. 32. The assembly of claim 31 wherein the transverse member has an open channel for receiving a ballast. 33. The assembly of claim 24 wherein the solar collecting module includes an edge, and wherein the wind deflector includes a flange adapted to retain the edge of the solar collecting module. 34. The assembly of claim 24 wherein the solar collecting module includes an edge and wherein the second leg comprises a clip securing the edge of the solar collecting module. 35-42. (canceled) 43. A solar energy collection assembly for mounting on a support surface, the assembly comprising: a solar collecting module, a wind deflector, a rack assembly including: a plurality of upright triangular-shaped frames, each frame comprising: a first leg extending substantially parallel to the support surface in a first direction, a second leg extending from the first leg at a first angle relative to the first leg, the second leg supporting the module at an angle relative to the support surface, a third leg extending from the first leg at a second angle relative to the first leg and connected to the second leg to form the triangular-shaped frame, and a transverse member connected to the first leg of each of the plurality of frames and extending substantially parallel to the support surface in a second direction, the third leg supporting the wind deflector at the second angle relative to the first leg, the wind deflector being separate from the third, the wind deflector spanning the distance between two adjacent frames of the plurality of frames. 44. The assembly of claim 43 wherein the rack assembly comprises three triangular-shaped frames. 45. The assembly of claim 44 wherein the wind deflector is a first wind deflector and further comprising a second wind deflector. 46. The assembly of claim 45 wherein the first wind deflector and the second wind deflector extend along substantially the entire width of the rack assembly. 47. The assembly of claim 43 further comprising at least three solar collecting modules, and wherein the plurality of triangular-shaped frames numbers one more than the number of solar collecting modules. 48. The assembly of claim 43 wherein at least one leg is made of roll-formed sheet metal. 49. The assembly of claim 43 wherein the transverse member is roll-formed sheet metal. 50. The assembly of claim 43 wherein the transverse member defines a ballast tray for receiving a ballast. 51. The assembly of claim 43 wherein the solar collecting module includes an edge and wherein the second leg comprises a clip securing the edge of the solar collecting module. 