The present invention is a new and novel wind generator system particularly suitable for small wind applications that harnesses low velocity wind effectively. In a preferred embodiment of the invention, the wind generator system comprises a drive shaft; one or more retreating blades and one or more advancing blades attached to the drive shaft and extending radially outwardly therefrom; a generator assembly coupled to the drive shaft and effective for generating electrical power; and a housing having an inner chamber for receiving the blades and a wind directional apparatus that operates to adjust the speed of the wind and to channel wind along a desired flow pathway towards the one or more of the retreating blades and blocks airflow from impinging on one or more advancing blades.
Claims 1. A wind generator system comprising: a rotor mounted to a drive shaft; one or more blades attached to said rotor and extending radially outwardly from said rotor; a generator assembly coupled to said drive shaft and effective for generating electrical power; and a housing having an inner chamber for receiving said rotor and said more than one rotating blades, wherein at least one blade is a retreating blade and at least one blade is an advancing blade; a wind directional apparatus that operates to detect the direction of the wind; wherein said housing includes a plurality of rotatable slats that operate to direct wind into said housing and for engaging said retreating blade and for providing a barrier to block wind from engaging said advancing blade thereby providing resistance to blade rotation. 2. The wind generator system of claim 1 further comprising means for sensing the direction and speed of wind at the location of said housing. 3. The wind generator system of claim 1 further comprising sensing means for monitoring the electrical power output of the wind generator system. 4. The wind generator system of claim 1 further comprising sensing means for monitoring the operational efficiency of the wind generator system. 5. The wind generator system of claim 2 further comprising communication and control means coupled to said sensing means and whereby said communication and control means can communicate with an outside monitoring system. 6. The wind generator system of claim 5 whereby said communication and control means of one wind generator system can communicate with said communication and control means of another wind generator system. 7. The wind generator system of claim 1 wherein each of said blades comprises an aerodynamic adjustment element for adjusting the aerodynamic characteristic of each of said blades. 8. The wind generator system of claim 7 wherein said aerodynamic element is a thin film substrate. 9. The wind generator system of claim 7 wherein said aerodynamic element is a metallic coating substrate. 10. The wind generator system of claim 7 wherein said aerodynamic element is formed from a shaped memory material. 11. The wind generator of claim 10 wherein said shaped memory material is Nitinol. 12. The wind generator of claim 1 further comprises an energy enhancer element comprising a spindle assembly having a loop and is coupled to said drive shaft; and means for creating a temperature differential along a portion of said loop; wherein said loop is effective for increasing the rotational speed of said drive shaft when acted upon by said means for creating a temperature differential along a portion of said loop. 13. The wind generator of claim 12 wherein said loop is formed from a shaped memory material. 14. The wind generator system of claim 1 wherein said blades comprises a photovoltaic substrate operable for generating electrical power. 15. The wind generator system of claim 14 wherein said photovoltaic substrate operates in response to infrared light. 16. The wind generator system of claim 1 further comprising an energy enhancer element for rotating said shaft during periods of no wind conditions. 17. The wind generator system of claim 1 wherein said slats comprises images thereon that change when said slats rotate. 18. An energy enhancer element for providing on-demand power for a power activated device, the energy enhancer element comprising: a shaft coupled to the power activated device such that rotation of said shaft operates the power activated device; a spindle assembly for supporting a wire or band forming an endless loop and wherein said loop engages said shaft such that rotation of said loop rotates said shaft; a electric circuit or heating device is electrically or thermally coupled to said loop; wherein said wire or band is formed from a shaped memory material; and wherein said electric circuit or heating device operates to cause rotational movement of said loop thereby producing rotation of said shaft. 19. The energy enhancer element of claim 18 wherein said wire or band is formed from a shaped memory alloy. 20. A power activated device for performing one or more functions, the power activated device comprising: an energy enhancer element comprising a shaft; a spindle assembly for supporting a wire or band forming an endless loop and wherein said loop engages said shaft such that rotation of said loop rotates said shaft; a electric circuit or heating device is electrically or thermally coupled to said loop; wherein said wire or band is formed from a shaped memory material; and wherein said electric circuit or heating device operates to cause rotational movement of said loop thereby producing rotation of said shaft to perform one or more of the functions of the energy enhancer element. 