An auto-irrigation apparatus is provided. A control panel and a water-level indicator light are inserted in a side of an irrigating case. A water pump, a cell box, and a control circuit are inserted in the irrigating case. The control panel, water-level indicator light, cell box, and water pump are coupled to the control circuit. A solar panel is embedded in each of two cover panels. Each of the two cover panels are mounted on opposite sides of the irrigating case. The embedded solar panels are coupled to the cell box. A water conduit adapter is connected to an outlet of the water pump. A planter box is placed in the irrigating case above a built-in water reservoir so that the water conduit adapter passes through an aperture in the planter box. Then, the water conduit adapter is connected to a spray pipe positioned above the planter box.
Claims 1. A method for assembling an auto-irrigation apparatus, the method comprising: inserting a control panel and a water-level indicator light in a side of an irrigating case; inserting a water pump, a cell box, and a control circuit in the irrigating case; coupling the control panel and the water-level indicator light to the control circuit; coupling the control circuit to the cell box and water pump; embedding a solar panel in each of two cover panels; mounting each of the two cover panels on a top portion of two opposite sides of the irrigating case using a pin; coupling the embedded solar panels to the cell box; connecting a first end of a water conduit adapter to an outlet of the water pump; placing a planter box in the irrigating case above a built-in water reservoir so that the water conduit adapter passes through an aperture in the planter box; and connecting a second end of the water conduit adapter to a spray pipe positioned above the planter box. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the cell box includes one or more rechargeable battery cells for electrical power storage and for electrical power output, and wherein the cell box supplies electrical power to the water pump during periods of poor sunlight and when an output voltage of the embedded solar panels is lower than a battery cell voltage in the cell box, and wherein the embedded solar panels supply the electrical power to the water pump and charge the one or more rechargeable battery cells during periods of adequate sunlight and when the output voltage of the embedded solar panels is higher than the battery cell voltage in cell box. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein each of the two cover panels are individually foldable around the pin to allow individual positioning of each of the two cover panels for obtaining maximal sunlight exposure to the embedded solar panels. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein the planter box includes a perforated soil barrier to allow excess water to recycle to the built-in water reservoir in the irrigating case. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein the spray pipe extends from one side of the planter box to an opposite side of the planter box, and wherein the spray pipe includes a plurality of openings along its length to evenly distribute water over the planter box. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein the control circuit determines when and when not to run the water pump. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein the control circuit is capable of detecting a low water level entering the water pump. 8. The method of claim 7, wherein the control circuit stops the water pump from running in response to detecting the low water level entering the water pump, and wherein the control circuit allows the water pump to run again in response to detecting that the low water level no longer exists. 9. The method of claim 7, wherein the control circuit uses the water-level indicator light to indicate that the low water level exists. 10. The method of claim 1, wherein the control panel is capable of receiving user input for setting when and for how long to run the water pump. 11. An auto-irrigating apparatus, comprising: an irrigating case that includes a built-in water reservoir; a control panel and a water-level indicator light that are inserted into a side of the irrigating case; a water pump, a cell box, and a control circuit that are inserted within the built-in water reservoir, wherein the control circuit is electrically coupled to the control panel, the water-level indicator light, the water pump, and the cell box; two cover panels that are mounted on a top portion of two opposite sides of the irrigating case using a pin, wherein each of the two cover panels are embedded with a solar panel, and wherein the embedded solar panels are electrically coupled to the cell box; a planter box that is placed in the irrigating case above the built-in water reservoir; and a water conduit adapter that is mechanically connected to an outlet of the water pump and a spray pipe positioned above the planter box, wherein the water conduit adapter passes through an aperture in the planter box. 12. The auto-irrigating apparatus of claim 11, wherein the cell box includes one or more rechargeable battery cells for electrical power storage and for electrical power output, and wherein the cell box supplies electrical power to the water pump during periods of poor sunlight and when an output voltage of the embedded solar panels is lower than a battery cell voltage in the cell box, and wherein the embedded solar panels supply the electrical power to the water pump and charge the one or more rechargeable battery cells during periods of adequate sunlight and when the output voltage of the embedded solar panels is higher than the battery cell voltage in cell box. 13. The auto-irrigating apparatus of claim 11, wherein each of the two cover panels are individually foldable around the pin to allow individual positioning of each of the two cover panels for obtaining maximal sunlight exposure to the embedded solar panels. 14. The auto-irrigating apparatus of claim 11, wherein the planter box includes a perforated soil barrier to allow excess water to recycle to the built-in water reservoir in the irrigating case. 15. The auto-irrigating apparatus of claim 11, wherein the spray pipe extends from one side of the planter box to an opposite side of the planter box, and wherein the spray pipe includes a plurality of openings along its length to evenly distribute water over the planter box. 16. The auto-irrigating apparatus of claim 11, wherein the control circuit determines when and when not to run the water pump. 17. The auto-irrigating apparatus of claim 11, wherein the control circuit is capable of detecting a low water level entering the water pump. 18. The auto-irrigating apparatus of claim 17, wherein the control circuit stops the water pump from running in response to detecting the low water level entering the water pump, and wherein the control circuit allows the water pump to run again in response to detecting that the low water level no longer exists. 19. The auto-irrigating apparatus of claim 17, wherein the control circuit uses the water-level indicator light to indicate that the low water level exists. 20. The auto-irrigating apparatus of claim 11, wherein the control panel is capable of receiving user input for setting when and for how long to run the water pump. 