The disclosed technology is an electrical power system that includes a turbine, a turbine housing, an incoming channel and a generator. The turbine has at least two turbine blades and the turbine housing has at least two openings. The incoming channel directs and amplifies a flow of a working fluid at one of the openings in the turbine housing and the incoming channel is mounted in such a way that the flow of the working fluid strikes an upper portion of turbine blades. This configuration allows the turbine to rotate which in turn allows the generator to produce electrical power.
Claims 1. A system for producing electrical power comprising: a turbine, the turbine having at least two turbine blades; a turbine housing, the housing having at least two openings, the at least two openings including a first opening and a second opening; an incoming channel, the incoming channel directing and amplifying a flow of a working fluid at the first opening, the incoming channel being mounted in such a way that the flow of working fluid strikes an upper portion of the turbine blades; and at least one generator being connected to the turbine for producing electrical power. 2. The system for producing electrical power as claimed in claim 1 wherein the turbine has a single rotating axis. 3. The system for producing electrical power as claimed in claim 2 wherein the blades are equally spaced around the axis. 4. The system for producing electrical power as claimed in claim 3 wherein the tips of the blades are parallel to the axis. 5. The system for producing electrical power as claimed in claim 1 wherein the blades have a length and a curvature. 6. The system for producing electrical power as claimed in claim 5 wherein the turbine blades have a backward curvature and a length of 7-21 inches. 7. The system for producing electrical power as claimed in claim 1 wherein the blades tips are weighted. 8. The system for producing electrical power as claimed in claim 1 wherein the turbine housing is cylindrical. 9. The system for producing electrical power as claimed in claim 1 further comprising: an exhausting channel, the exhausting channel directing the flow of the working fluid from the second opening to the ambient atmosphere. 10. The system for producing electrical power as claimed in claim 9 wherein the exhaust channel is mounted in such a way that the flow of the working fluid allows the flow to expand and escape through multiple exhaust openings. 11. The system for producing electrical power as claimed in claim 1 wherein the at least one electrical generator is a 230/460 V, 60 Hz alternator. 12. The system for producing electrical power as claimed in claim 1 where the electrical generator is directly connected to the turbine. 13. The system for producing electrical power as claimed in claim 1 wherein the electrical generator is connected to the turbine via a belt/pulley system. 14. The system for producing electrical power as claimed in claim 1 wherein the electrical generator is connected to the turbine via a variable drive system. 15. The system for producing electrical power as claimed in claim 1 further comprising: a set of dampers mechanically louvered so as to modulate the velocity and volume of the flow and deflect any excess. 16. The system for producing electrical power as claimed in claim 1 further comprising: a set of magnets attached to the turbine and/or the turbine housing for generating electromagnetic energy. 17. The system for producing electrical power as claimed in claim 1 further comprising: a control system for monitoring and regulating electrical power production and consumption. 18. A system for producing electrical power comprising: a centrifugal turbine, the centrifugal turbine having a drive shaft and at least three turbine blades attached to the drive shaft, the three turbine blades being backward-curved blades; and a turbine housing, the housing having at least two openings, the first opening receiving a flow of a working fluid and the second opening exhausting the flow of the working fluid. 19. The system for producing electrical power as claimed in claim 18 further comprising: an incoming channel, the incoming channel directing and amplifying the flow of the working fluid at a first opening, the incoming channel being mounted in such a way that the flow of the working fluid strikes an upper portion of turbine blades. 20. The system for producing electrical power as claimed in claim 19 further comprising: at least one generator being connected to the turbine for producing electrical power. 21. A system for producing electrical power comprising: a turbine, the turbine having at least two turbine blades; and a turbine housing, the housing having a first, a second and a third opening, the first opening receiving a flow of a working fluid, the second opening exhausting the flow of the working fluid; and a flow diverter, the flow diverter directing the flow exhausted from the second opening to the third opening. 22. The system for producing electrical power as claimed in claim 21 further comprising: an incoming channel, the incoming channel directing and amplifying the flow of the working fluid at a first opening, the incoming channel being mounted in such a way that the flow of the working fluid strikes an upper portion of turbine blades. 23. The system for producing electrical power as claimed in claim 22 further comprising: at least one generator being connected to the turbine for producing electrical power. 24. A system for producing electrical power comprising: a turbine, the turbine having at least two turbine blades; a turbine housing, the turbine housing having a first opening and a second opening, the first opening receiving a flow of a working fluid, the second opening exhausting the flow of the working fluid; an exhausting channel, the exhausting channel directing the flow of the working fluid from the second opening to the ambient atmosphere, the exhaust channel being mounted in such a way that the flow of the working fluid expands and escapes through multiple exhaust openings; and at least one generator being connected to the turbine for producing electrical power. 25. The system for producing electrical power as claimed in claim 24 wherein the exhausting channel minimizes turbulence and back pressure associated with exhausted working fluids. 26. A system for producing electrical power in a moving vehicle comprising: a turbine, the turbine having at least three turbine blades; a turbine housing, the housing having at least two openings, the at least two openings including a first opening and a second opening; an incoming channel, the incoming channel directing and amplifying working fluids at the first opening, the incoming channel being mounted in such a way that the working fluids strike an upper portion of turbine blades; at least one generator being connected to the turbine for producing electrical power; and mounting means for mounting the turbine, the turbine housing, the incoming channel and the generator. 27. The system for producing electrical power in a moving vehicle as claimed in claim 26 wherein the turbine and turbine housing are mounted within the vehicle near a front of the vehicle. 28. The system for producing electrical power in a moving vehicle as claimed in claim 27 wherein the incoming channel is mounted between headlights of the moving vehicle. 29. The system for producing electrical power in a moving vehicle as claimed in claim 28 wherein the at least one generator is mounted behind the turbine and turbine housing and slightly below an axis of the turbine. 30. The system for producing electrical power in a moving vehicle as claimed in claim 29 wherein the at least one generator is connected via a pulley/belt system to opposing ends of a turbine shaft. 31. The system for producing electrical power in a moving vehicle as claimed in claim 30 wherein the at least one generator and turbine have a pulley/belt ratio of 3:1. 32. The system for producing electrical power in a moving vehicle as claimed in claim 29 wherein an exhaust channel is mounted behind the turbine and turbine housing. 33. The system for producing electrical power in a moving vehicle as claimed in claim 32 wherein the exhausting channel includes a series of interconnected channels that allows the air to expand and escape through the interconnected channels. 34. The system for producing electrical power in a moving vehicle as claimed in claim 33 wherein the interconnected channels open near a vehicle windshield, beneath floor panels and through front wheel wells and fenders. 35. The system for producing electrical power in a moving vehicle as claimed in claim 34 wherein the exhausting channel eliminates any turbulence and back pressure that might otherwise be a result of exhausting an airflow. 36. The system for producing electrical power in a moving vehicle as claimed in claim 27 further comprising: a set of wheel hub motors for propelling the vehicle. 37. The system for producing electrical power in a moving vehicle as claimed in claim 36 wherein the wheel hub motors include a regenerative braking system. 38. The system for producing electrical power in a moving vehicle as claimed in claim 27 further comprising: battery packs for storing electrical power produced from the generator. 39. The system for producing electrical power in a moving vehicle as claimed in claim 27 further comprising: solar panels attached to a roof of the vehicle for producing electricity when the vehicle is not running 40. The system for producing electrical power in a moving vehicle as claimed in claim 27 further comprising: programmable logic controllers for controlling power consumption and generation. 41. The system for producing electrical power in a moving vehicle as claimed in claim 27 further comprising: variable transformers, regenerative drives, phase converters, electrical contactors, industrial inverters, transfer switches, disconnects, three pole motor/generators, four pole polyphase induction motor/generators, four pole polyphase induction squirrel cage motor/generators, capacitor banks and combinations thereof. 42. A method for producing electrical power comprising the steps of: directing and amplifying a flow of a working fluid into a turbine housing, the flow of working fluid striking an upper portion of turbine blades; and producing electrical power from a rotation of the turbine blades. 43. A method for producing electrical power as claimed in claim 43 further comprising the step of: exhausting and expanding the flow of the working fluid out of the turbine housing. 