A photovoltaic greenhouse includes a house structure having upstanding walls and a roof thereover to enclose a greenhouse space therein, and at least one thin-film solar cell module mounted on the roof for converting solar energy within a pre-selected light band of sunlight into electricity, wherein light not absorbed by the thin-film solar cell module passes through and enters the greenhouse space, which can be utilized by plants or crops for photosynthesis. The thin-film solar cell module has high transmittance of light in the wavelength intervals, for example, 400-450 nm and 640-700 nm, required by the cultured plants or crops inside the greenhouse space for photosynthesis.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic greenhouse for culturing plants or crops therein, comprising: a main greenhouse frame structure comprising a plurality of upstanding walls and a roof supported by said upstanding walls; and at least one transmissive thin-film solar cell module mounted on said roof for partially absorbing a pre-selected light band of sunlight into electricity and allowing a transmitted sunlight, excluded from the pre-selected light band of partially absorbed sunlight, to pass through the thin-film solar cell module to enter the greenhouse for benefiting growth of the plants or crops. 2. The photovoltaic greenhouse of claim 1, wherein said roof is mesh shaped and has a net-shaped frame, wherein the thin-film solar cell module is mounted on the net-shaped frame. 3. The photovoltaic greenhouse of claim 1, wherein said thin-film solar cell module is selected from a group consisting of an amorphous silicon thin-film solar cell module, a microcrystalline silicon thin-film solar cell module and a nano-crystalline silicon thin-film solar cell module. 4. The photovoltaic greenhouse of claim 1, wherein said pre-selected light band of partially absorbed sunlight is between 450-640 nm. 5. The photovoltaic greenhouse of claim 1, further comprising: at least one transparent panel disposed on said roof for supplementing the transmitted light, for uniform distribution of the transmitted light and sufficient distribution of the transmitted light. 6. The photovoltaic greenhouse of claim 5, wherein said thin-film solar cell module is mounted on said transparent panel. 7. The photovoltaic greenhouse of claim 5, wherein said thin-film solar cell module is disposed between said transparent panels. 8. The photovoltaic greenhouse of claim 1, wherein said upstanding walls are made of a material selected from a group consisting of a transparent material and an opaque material. 9. The photovoltaic greenhouse of claim 1, further comprising: a filter disposed under said thin-film solar cell module to make said thin-film solar cell module be light-band selective. 10. The photovoltaic greenhouse of claim 9, wherein said filter filters UV light only allows a suitable light band for photosynthesis to passes through. 11. The photovoltaic greenhouse of claim 10, wherein said thin-film solar cell module is parallel with a power grid equipped with an inverter and with a converter by at least one suitable step. 12. The photovoltaic greenhouse of claim 1, further comprising: a snow detector, for detecting an accumulated snow on the on the thin-film solar cell or the roof; and a de-snow mechanism, for cleaning snow on the thin-film solar cell or the roof and activated by the snow detector. 13. The photovoltaic greenhouse of claim 1, wherein a glass of the thin-film solar cell module contains a light absorber to make said thin-film solar cell module be light-band selective. 14. The photovoltaic greenhouse of claim 13, wherein the light absorber is cerium oxide for absorbing UV light to prevent UV from being transmitted through the glass. 15. The photovoltaic greenhouse of claim 13, wherein the glass contains 0 to 0.2 wt. % cerium oxide. 16. The photovoltaic greenhouse of claim 13, wherein the glass contains 0.001 to 0.09 wt. % cerium oxide. 17. A thin-film solar cell module which selectively converts a pre-selected light band of sunlight into electricity, characterized in that: a filter is disposed under said thin-film solar cell module to make said thin-film solar cell module become light-band selective and allowing a transmitted sunlight, excluded from the pre-selected light band of partially absorbed sunlight to pass therethrough. 18. The photovoltaic greenhouse of claim 17, wherein a glass of the thin-film solar cell module contains a light absorber to make said thin-film solar cell module be light-band selective. 19. The photovoltaic greenhouse of claim 18, wherein the light absorber is cerium oxide for absorbing UV light to prevent UV from being transmitted through the glass. 20. The photovoltaic greenhouse of claim 18, wherein the glass contains 0.001 to 0.09 wt. % cerium oxide. 