An apparatus for delivering AC power to an AC load may include a plurality of inverters to receive direct current (DC) power from a respective DC power source and respectively provide AC power to an AC load. The apparatus may further include a first controller to generate a first control signal based on total AC current and total AC voltage being delivered to the AC load by the plurality of inverters. The apparatus may further include a plurality of secondary controllers to each receive the first control signal and each produce a respective secondary control signal based on the first control signal. The respective secondary control signal for each of the plurality of secondary controllers is configured to control a corresponding one of the plurality of inverters to provide a portion of the AC power.
Claims 1. An apparatus to deliver alternating current (AC) power, the apparatus comprising: a plurality of inverters configured to receive direct current (DC) power from a respective DC power source and respectively provide AC power to an AC load; a primary controller configured to generate a primary control signal based on total AC current and total AC voltage being delivered to the AC load by the plurality of inverters; and a plurality of secondary controllers configured to each receive the primary control signal and produce a respective secondary control signal based on the primary control signal, wherein the respective secondary control signal for each of the plurality of secondary control's a corresponding one of the plurality of inverters to provide the respective AC power. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein each of the inverters is configured to generate a respective first voltage based on DC power received from the respective DC power source, and wherein each of the inverters is configured to generate a respective output voltage to the AC load based on the respective first voltage, wherein each respective secondary control signal is based the respective first voltage of the corresponding one of the inverters. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein each of the secondary controllers is configured to generate a respective scaling factor based the respective first voltage, and wherein each of the secondary controllers is configured to scale the primary control signal by the respective scaling factor to generate the respective secondary control signal of the corresponding one of the inverters. 4. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein, each of the secondary controllers is configured to generate a respective shift factor based on the respective first voltage, and wherein each of the secondary controllers is configured to shift the primary control signal by the respective shift factor to generate the respective secondary control signal of the corresponding one of the inverters. 5. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein each of the inverters comprises a respective set of switches configured to convert the respective first voltage to the respective output voltage, and wherein each set of respective switches is operated at a respective switching frequency based on the respective secondary control signal. 6. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein each respective set of switches is configured to receive a respective set of control signals, wherein each respective set of control signals is based on a comparison of the respective secondary control signal and a reference signal. 7. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein the apparatus further comprises a plurality of respective maximum power point trackers, wherein each maximum power point tracker is configured to generate a respective set of control signals based on a DC current and DC voltage produced by the respective number of photovoltaic cells, wherein each respective set of control signals is used by each inverter to produce the respective first voltage. 8. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the primary controller is further configured to generate a primary control signal based on the respective first voltage of each of the inverters. 9. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein each respective first voltage is based on the respective DC power received by a corresponding inverter from a respective number of photovoltaic cells of an array of photovoltaic cells. 10. A method of controlling alternating current (AC) power delivered to an AC load, the method comprising: producing the AC power with an array of inverters based on an amount of received respective DC power; generating a first control signal in response to the AC power; generating a plurality of second control signals in response to the first control signal; and controlling respective output AC power of each inverter of the array of inverters based on a corresponding one of the second control signals, wherein the AC power is a combination of the respective output AC power of each inverter of the array of inverters. 11. The method of claim 10, further comprising generating a respective DC voltage with each inverter of the array of inverters based on the amount of received respective DC power, wherein each of the plurality of second control signals is based on the respective DC voltage. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein generating a plurality of second control signals further comprises: generating a plurality of respective scaling factors for each inverter of the array of inverters based on the respective DC voltage; and scaling the first control signal by each respective scaling factor to generate each of the plurality of second control signals. 13. The method of claim 11, wherein generating a plurality of second control signals further comprises: generating a plurality of respective shift factors for each inverter of the array of inverters based on the respective DC voltage; and shifting the first control signal by each respective shift factor to generate each of the plurality of second controls. 14. The method of claim 11, wherein generating the first control signal comprises generating the first control signal based on the respective DC voltage of each of the inverters. 15. The method of claim 10, wherein producing the AC power with the array of inverters based on the amount of received respective DC power comprises producing the AC power with an array of inverters based on an amount of DC power received from a respective array of photovoltaic cells. 16. The method of claim 10, wherein generating the first control signal comprises generating the first control signal primary controller is further configured to generate a primary control signal based on the respective first voltage of each of the inverters. 17. A computer-readable medium comprising a plurality of instructions executable by a processor, the computer-readable medium comprising: instructions to direct an array of inverters to generate AC power based on an amount of received respective DC power; instructions to generate a first control signal in response to the AC power; instructions to generate a plurality of second control signals in response to the first control signal; and instructions to control respective output AC power of each inverter of the array of inverters based on a corresponding one of the second control signals, wherein the AC power is a combination of the respective output AC power of each inverter of the array of inverters. 18. The computer-readable medium of claim 17, further comprising instructions to generate a respective DC voltage with each inverter of the array of inverters based on the amount of received respective DC power, wherein each of the plurality of second control signals is based on the respective DC voltage. 19. The computer-readable medium of claim 18, wherein the instructions to generate a plurality of second control signals further comprise: instructions to generate a plurality of respective scaling factors for each inverter of the array of inverters based on the respective DC voltage; and instructions to scale the first control signal by each respective scaling factor to generate each of the plurality of second control signals. 20. The computer-readable medium of claim 18, wherein the instructions to generate a plurality of second control signals further comprises: instructions to generate a plurality of respective shift factors for each inverter of the array of inverters based on the respective DC voltage; and instructions to shift the first control signal by each respective shift factor to generate each of the plurality of second control signals. 