A photovoltaic module comprises an elongated base member having first and second extensions shaped to define an elongated support plane along ends thereof, the elongated support plane extending in a direction of elongation for the elongated base member. The photovoltaic module also includes at least one photovoltaic cell assembly positioned at the ends of the elongated base member, extending generally along the elongated support plane. The elongated base member and the at least one photovoltaic cell assembly define a volume of space therein.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic module comprising: an elongated base member having first and second extensions shaped to define an elongated support plane along ends thereof, the elongated support plane extending in a direction of elongation for the elongated base member; and at least one photovoltaic cell assembly positioned at the ends of the elongated base member, extending generally along the elongated support plane; wherein the elongated base member and the at least one photovoltaic cell assembly define a volume of space therein. 2. A photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein the first and second extensions each comprise a ledge extending along the direction of elongation, wherein the at least one photovoltaic cell assembly is supported by said ledge. 3. A photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein said elongated base member comprises polycarbonate, PVC, fiberglass, acrylic, aluminum, or other polymer or metal. 4. A photovoltaic module according to claim 1 further comprising an inverter at least partially contained within the volume of space, and electrically coupled to the at least one photovoltaic cell assembly. 5. A photovoltaic module according to claim 4, further comprising a light supported by said elongated base member and electrically coupled to the inverter. 6. A photovoltaic module according to claim 1, further comprising a transparent protective layer on a side of the photovoltaic cell assembly facing away from the elongated base member. 7. A photovoltaic module according to claim 1, wherein said base member comprises one or more pairs of apertures configured to receive a cable therethrough to slidably position said photovoltaic module thereon. 8. A photovoltaic module according to claim 1, further comprising at least one mounting support located on the elongated base member, configured to direct the at least one photovoltaic cell assembly at an angle with respect to an orientation of the at least one mounting support. 9. A photovoltaic module according to claim 8, wherein said at least one mounting support comprises one or more bolts, screws, needles or cable ties or twist ties, configured to secure the base member to a cable. 10. A photovoltaic module according to claim 8, wherein said base member comprises one or more apertures positioned along the first and/or second extensions such that the at least one mounting support may mount the photovoltaic module at a variety of angles. 11. A photovoltaic module comprising: an elongated base member having a partially tubular configuration with a longitudinally extending opening; an elongated photovoltaic cell assembly comprising a rigid backing member mounted to the base member to cover the longitudinally extending opening and form a tubular member with the base member, the photovoltaic cell assembly further comprising a plurality of photovoltaic elements mounted to an outer surface of the backing member and a transparent protective layer coated over the photovoltaic elements; and at least one terminal coupled to the photovoltaic elements for conducting of electricity generated by the photovoltaic elements. 12. A photovoltaic module according to claim 11 further comprising an inverter at least partially contained between the elongated base member and the elongated photovoltaic cell assembly, and electrically coupled to the elongated photovoltaic cell assembly. 13. A photovoltaic module according to claim 12, further comprising a light supported by said elongated base member and electrically coupled to the inverter. 14. A photovoltaic module according to claim 11, further comprising at least one mounting support located on the elongated base member, configured to direct the elongated photovoltaic cell assembly at an angle with respect to an orientation of the at least one mounting support. 15. A photovoltaic cell system comprising: a plurality of cables extending across a span; a pair of support structures arranged in spaced apart relation from one another and configured to elevate and secure the plurality of cables above the span; a plurality of elongated photovoltaic modules, each connected to and extending across at least two of said plurality of cables; and one or more photovoltaic elements, each supported one or more of said plurality of elongated photovoltaic modules. 16. A photovoltaic cell system according to claim 15, wherein each of said plurality of cables comprises wire, cord, rope, or chain, and/or is constructed of metal, fiber, or synthetic materials. 17. A photovoltaic cell system according to claim 15, wherein each of said pair of support structures is associated with at least two of said plurality of cables. 18. A photovoltaic cell system according to claim 15, wherein at least one of said support structures comprise: at least two columns extending generally vertically; a cross beam connecting upper portions of the at least two columns and configured to elevate said plurality of cables; and one or more braces angled towards said cross beam and/or said upper portions of said columns, configured to resist against a tension force of the plurality of cables on the at least two columns. 19. A photovoltaic cell system according to claim 18, wherein said support structures further comprise a footing associated with lower portions of said columns and/or said braces, configured to prevent movement of said support structures with respect to the span. 20. A photovoltaic cell system according to claim 15, wherein two or more of said plurality of elongated photovoltaic modules are in spaced apart relation along at least two of the plurality of cables across the span. 21. A photovoltaic cell system according to claim 15, further comprising one or more cross-braces extending across at least two of said plurality of cables not connected by said plurality of elongated photovoltaic modules. 22. A photovoltaic cell system according to claim 15 further comprising a cable tightener configured to adjust a tension on one or more of the plurality of cables. 23. A photovoltaic cell system according to claim 22, wherein said cable tightener comprises a winch. 24. A photovoltaic cell system according to claim 15, wherein each of the plurality of elongated photovoltaic modules is configured to angle each of the one or more photovoltaic elements in relation to the plurality of cables. 25. A photovoltaic cell system according to claim 24, wherein each of the plurality of elongated photovoltaic modules comprises a rounded base portion substantially surrounding a back portion of an associated one or more photovoltaic elements. 