A sports board apparatus and method including a first speaker housing adapted to receive a first speaker and an audio device housing adapted to receive an audio device. The first speaker housing can be adapted to mount the first speaker substantially flush with the top surface of the sports board. The audio device housing can be adapted to mount an audio device substantially flush with the top surface of the sports board. An electrical conduit can be operably coupled to the first speaker housing and adapted to be coupled to the audio device so that a sports board owner can listen to music or other audio programming while engaging in leisurely activities, such as surfing, snowboarding, kayaking, wakeboarding, windsurfing, or skateboarding. The sports board can also include a stabilizing fin, a power supply, a solar collection device, an amplifying device, and a second speaker for deterring aquatic creatures.
Claims 1. A water board apparatus, comprising: a water board having a top surface and a bottom surface and adapted to traverse the surface of water, snow, or ice, wherein said water board comprises: a first speaker housing adapted to receive a first speaker; and an audio device housing adapted to receive an audio device; wherein said first speaker housing is adapted to mount said first speaker substantially flush with the top surface of said water board; and further wherein said audio device housing is adapted to mount said audio device substantially flush with the top surface of said water board. 2. The water board apparatus of claim 1, wherein said water board further comprises said first speaker and a first electrical conduit; wherein said first speaker is operatively coupled to said first electrical conduit and adapted to be coupled to said is audio device. 3. The water board apparatus of claim 1, wherein said water board further comprises a housing box adapted to mount a power supply, an amplifying device, or a combination thereof substantially flush with the top surface of said water board. 4. The water board apparatus of claim 3, wherein said water board further comprises a housing box lid adapted to be coupled to a portion of said housing box, wherein said housing box lid forms a water-resistant seal with said housing box, and further wherein said housing box lid is substantially flush with the top surface of said water board. 5. The water board apparatus of claim 4, wherein said housing box further comprises an on/off switch adapted to turn said power supply on or off, wherein said on/off switch is accessible to a rider when said housing box lid is coupled to said housing box. 6. The water board apparatus of claim 1, wherein said water board further comprises a solar collection device housing adapted to receive a solar collection device, wherein said solar collection device housing is adapted to mount said solar collection device substantially flush with the bottom surface of said water board. 7. The water board apparatus of claim 6, wherein said water board further comprises said solar collection device. 8. The water board apparatus of claim 1, wherein said water board further comprises a second speaker housing, wherein said second speaker housing is adapted to receive a second speaker, further wherein said second speaker housing is adapted to mount said second speaker substantially flush with the bottom surface of said water board. 9. The water board apparatus of claim 8, wherein said water board further comprises said second speaker. 10. The water board apparatus of claim 3, wherein said water board further is comprises said amplifying device and said power supply. 11. The water board apparatus of claim 10, wherein said power supply comprises a battery or a fuel cell. 12. The water board apparatus of claim 1, wherein said first speaker housing comprises at least two sub-speaker housings, wherein each sub-speaker housing is adapted to mount at least one sub-speaker substantially flush with the top surface of said water board. 13. The water board apparatus of claim 1, wherein said water board further comprises a stabilizing fin adapted to be coupled to the bottom of said water board. 14. The water board apparatus of claim 1, wherein said water board further comprises an audio device lid adapted to be coupled to a portion of said audio device housing, wherein said audio device lid forms a water-resistant seal with said audio device housing, and further wherein said audio device lid is substantially flush with the top surface of said water board. 15. A method of making a water board apparatus, comprising: forming a water board having a top surface and a bottom surface and adapted to traverse the surface of water, snow, or ice, wherein said forming a water board comprises: forming a first speaker housing in said water board, wherein said first speaker housing is adapted to receive a first speaker; and forming an audio device housing in said water board, wherein said audio device housing is adapted to receive an audio device; wherein said first speaker housing is adapted to mount said first speaker substantially flush with the top surface of said water board; and further wherein said audio device housing is adapted to mount said audio device substantially flush with the top surface of said water board. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein said forming a water board further comprises mounting said first speaker, mounting a first electrical conduit; and operably coupling is said first speaker to said first electrical conduit; wherein said first electrical conduit is adapted to be operably coupled to said audio device. 17. The method of claim 15, wherein said forming a water board further comprises forming a housing box adapted to mount a power supply, an amplifying device, or a combination thereof substantially flush with the top surface of said water board. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein said forming a water board further comprises mounting said power supply and said amplifying device in said housing box. 19. The method of claim 15, wherein said forming a water board further comprises forming a second speaker housing, wherein said second speaker housing is adapted to receive a second speaker, further wherein said second speaker housing is adapted to mount said second speaker substantially flush with the bottom surface of said water board. 20. The method of claim 19, further comprising mounting said second speaker in said second speaker housing. 21. The method of claim 15, wherein said forming a water board further comprises forming a solar collection device housing adapted to receive a solar collection device, wherein said solar collection device housing is adapted to mount said solar collection device substantially flush with the bottom surface of said water board. 22. The method of claim 21, wherein said forming a water board further comprises mounting said solar collection device in said solar collection housing. 23. The method of claim 15, wherein said forming a first speaker housing comprises at least two sub-speaker housings, wherein each sub-speaker housing is adapted to mount at least one sub-speaker substantially flush with the top surface of said water board. 24. The method of claim 15, wherein said forming a water board further comprises coupling a stabilizing fin to the bottom of said water board. 