A solar greenhouse structure includes a plurality of supporting frames, a light-permitting roof supported by at least one supporting frame, and at least one solar panel disposed below the roof and near the bottom surface thereof. The instant disclosure uses thinner solar panels, where the supporting frames can be less rigid, in lowering the solar greenhouse cost.
Claims 1. A solar greenhouse structure, comprising: a plurality of supporting frames; a light-permitting roof structure having at least one roof panel supported by at least one of the supporting frame, the roof panel having a top surface and a bottom surface; at least one solar panel disposed below the roof structure and near the bottom surface of the roof panel; and a plurality of mounting device, each mounting device having a first holder and a second holder connected to the first holder, the first holder holding an edge of the solar panel, the second holder fixed to the supporting frame of the light-permitting roof structure. 2. The solar greenhouse structure of claim 1, wherein the first holder has a clamping piece to clamp one edge of the solar panel, wherein the second holder has a fixing piece fixed to the supporting frame. 3. The solar greenhouse structure of claim 2, wherein the fixing piece is a hook formed on one end of the second holder opposite to the first holder, the hook is hooked to the supporting frame. 4. The solar greenhouse structure of claim 2, wherein the fixing piece is a screw screwed the second holder to the supporting frame. 5. The solar greenhouse structure of claim 1, wherein each of the mounting device further includes a pivotal axle connected to one end of the first holder and one end of the second holder, and an adjusting element for adjusting an included angle between the first holder and the second holder. 6. The solar greenhouse structure of claim 5, wherein the first holder has a first base and the second holder has a second base, the first base having an leg punched and bent partially therefrom, wherein the adjusting element has a screwing rod passing the leg and screwed to the second base and a spring disposed between the leg of the first base and the second base. 7. The solar greenhouse structure of claim 6, wherein the pivotal axle has a post portion and two cylindrical portions formed at two ends of the post portion, wherein the first base has one end is clamped to the post portion, and the second base has one end is pivotably connected to the cylindrical portions. 8. The solar greenhouse structure of claim 1, wherein each of the solar panel has at least one supporting piece disposed on a bottom surface thereof, wherein the supporting piece is fixed to two of the first holders fixed on the solar panel. 9. The solar greenhouse structure of claim 8, wherein each of the first holder has a clipping tab extended from one edge thereof to clip on the supporting piece. 10. The solar greenhouse structure of claim 8, wherein each of the first holder is screwed to the supporting piece. 11. The solar greenhouse structure of claim 1, wherein the plurality of solar panels are arranged under the roof structure in an inclined way according to the slope of the roof panel. 12. The solar greenhouse structure of claim 1, wherein the solar panel is a semi-transparent thin film solar module. 13. The solar greenhouse structure of claim 1, wherein the solar panel is a dye-sensitized solar cell. 14. The solar greenhouse structure of claim 1, wherein the solar panel is a transparent solar module. 15. The solar greenhouse structure of claim 4, wherein the roof structure includes at least one selectively operable ventilation port. 