A method for the diagnosis of incorrect settings of energy supply parameters of a field device power supply module, which is connected to exclusively one field device and by which the one connected field device is supplied with electrical energy. In the method, the system comprising field device power supply module and connected field device is operated with set energy supply parameters of the field device power supply module. In such case, the manner of operation of the connected field device is automatedly monitored by the field device power supply module to look for occurring malfunctions. Defective settings of energy supply parameters are automatedly diagnosed by analyzing occurring malfunctions and associated these with incorrectly set energy supply parameters based on predetermined rules.
Claims 1-15. (canceled) 16. A method for the diagnosis of incorrect settings of energy supply parameters of a field device power supply module, which is connected to exclusively one field device and includes an electrical energy source or is connected to such, wherein the field device power supply module supplies the one connected field device with electrical energy, and wherein the energy supply parameters concern energy supply of the field device by the field device power supply module, the method comprises steps of: operating the system comprising field device power supply module and connected field device with set energy supply parameters of the field device power supply module; automated monitoring by the field device power supply module of the manner of operation of the connected field device to look for occurring malfunctions; and automated diagnosing of incorrect settings of energy supply parameters by analyzing occurring malfunctions and associating these with incorrectly set energy supply parameters based on predetermined rules. 17. The method as claimed in claim 16, wherein: the field device power supply module is in the form of a wireless adapter, by which a wireless signal transmission is effected for the connected field device. 18. The method as claimed in claim 16, wherein: the field device power supply module includes at least one autarkic, electrical current source, especially a single-use battery, a rechargeable battery and/or a solar cell. 19. The method as claimed in claim 16, wherein: the field device power supply module is connected to a communication interface of the field device. 20. The method as claimed in claim 16, wherein: said step of automated diagnosing is executed by the field device power supply module. 21. The method as claimed in claim 16, wherein: at least one incorrectly set energy supply parameter, which was ascertained in the step of automated diagnosing, is provided to a user via at least one of the following devices: a) the field device power supply module; b) a configuration unit, which is connected for communication with the field device power supply module; and/or c) a handheld servicing device, which is connected to a service interface of the field device power supply module. 22. The method as claimed in claim 16, wherein: the field device power supply module has one or more of the following energy supply parameters: a) a starting voltage, which is provided by the field device power supply module after turn-on of the field device for a starting time; b) a starting current, which gives the maximum electrical current requirement of the field device during the starting time; c) a starting time, during which the starting voltage is provided by the field device power supply module for the field device; d) an operating voltage, which is provided by the field device power supply module after expiration of the starting time for normal operation of the connected field device; and/or e) a setup time period, which is the time period from the end of the starting time up to the point in time, at which the field device delivers a valid measured value. 23. The method as claimed in claim 22, wherein: a restart of the field device before expiration of the set starting time means a too low setting of the starting voltage. 24. The method as claimed in claim 22, wherein: a restart of the field device after expiration of the set starting time means a too low setting of the operating voltage. 25. The method as claimed in claim 22, wherein: a restart of the field device after expiration of the set starting time for the case, in which the set operating voltage is lower than the set starting voltage, means a too low setting of the starting time. 26. The method as claimed in claim 22, wherein: a restart of the field device before expiration of the set starting time for the case, in which the set operating voltage is higher than the set starting voltage, means a too high setting of the starting time. 27. The method as claimed in claim 22, wherein: at a point in time directly after expiration of the set setup time period, an absence of a measured value requested by the field device power supply module from the field device or the providing of an invalid measured value by the field device means a too low setting of the setup time period. 28. The method as claimed in claim 16, wherein: for the case, in which, in said step of automated diagnosing, both a defective setting of the starting time as well as also a defective setting of at least one additional energy supply parameter can be associated with an arising error, the following steps: ascertaining actual starting time of the connected field device; especially by setting sufficiently high voltage values for starting voltage and the operating voltage as well as a sufficiently high starting time, switching the system composed of field device power supply module and connected field device on is and ascertaining time period from switch-on until the field device switches into normal operation; comparing the ascertained actual starting time with the set starting time; and determining, based on the comparison, whether the set starting time is incorrectly set. 29. The method as claimed in claim 16, further comprising the steps of: determining a minimal possible use temperature of the field device power supply module as a function of a voltage provided by the field device power supply module to the connected field device; and reporting to a user, in case a use temperature of the field device power supply module nears the determined minimal possible use temperature and/or in case a malfunction occurs in the field device due to a subceeding, or falling beneath, the determined minimal possible use temperature. 30. A field device power supply module, which has an electrical energy source, or is connected to such, and which is embodied in such a manner, that: it is connectable to exclusively one field device; it can supply a connected field device with electrical energy; it has energy supply parameters, which concern energy supply of a connected field device by the field device power supply module, and it can perform the method comprising the steps of: a method for the diagnosis of incorrect settings of energy supply parameters of a field device power supply module, which is connected to exclusively one field device and includes an electrical energy source or is connected to such, wherein the field device power supply module supplies the one connected field device with electrical energy, and wherein the energy supply parameters concern energy supply of the field device by the field device power supply module, the method comprises steps of: operating the system comprising field device power supply module and connected field device with set energy supply parameters of the field device power supply module; automated monitoring by the field device power supply module of the manner of operation of the connected field device to look for occurring malfunctions; and automated diagnosing of incorrect settings of energy supply parameters by analyzing occurring malfunctions and associating these with incorrectly set energy supply parameters based on predetermined rules. 