A roof mount assembly mounts a structure to a roof having a rafter and a substrate supported by the rafter. The roof mount assembly includes a piece of flashing positioned on the substrate. The flashing includes a first surface, a second surface opposite the first surface and an aperture extending through the flashing. A fastener extends through the flashing aperture. A bracket is connected to the flashing via the fastener, and the bracket is sized to support at least one roof-mounted structure on the roof. A seal is positioned between the flashing aperture and the fastener. The seal is sized to form a water-tight seal with the aperture to inhibit flow of fluid through the aperture. The seal includes a first portion and a second portion, in which the first portion is positioned to abut the flashing first surface and the second portion is positioned to extend through the aperture.
Claims 1. A roof mounting system for mounting a solar panel to a roof, the roof mounting system comprising: a roof substrate; a first roof mounting assembly including a first flashing positionable on the substrate, the flashing defining a first surface, a second surface opposite the first surface and an aperture extending therethrough, a first fastener extending through the aperture and into the roof substrate to couple the first flashing to the roof, and a first bracket coupled to the first flashing; a second roof mounting assembling including a second flashing positionable on the substrate, the flashing defining a first surface, a second surface opposite the first surface and an aperture extending therethrough, a second fastener extending through the aperture and into the roof substrate to couple the second flashing to the roof, and a second bracket coupled to the second flashing; and a track coupled to the first bracket by a third fastener and coupled to the second bracket by a fourth fastener, wherein the track is operable to support a solar panel on the roof at a distance above the roof substrate. 2. The roof mounting system of claim 1, wherein the first bracket is directly coupled to the first flashing and wherein the second bracket is directly coupled to the second flashing. 3. The roof mounting system of claim 1, wherein the track is elongate and has a substantially U-shaped cross-section. 4. The roof mounting system of claim 1, wherein the first bracket defines a first aperture sized to receive the first fastener therethrough and a second aperture sized to receive the third fastener therethrough, and wherein the second aperture is an elongate slot, such that the track is supported by the third fastener in the second aperture of the first bracket at a plurality of mount locations with respect to a selected point on the roof substrate. 5. The roof mounting system of claim 4, wherein the second bracket defines a first aperture sized to receive the second fastener therethrough and a second aperture sized to receive the fourth fastener therethrough, and wherein the second aperture is an elongate slot, such that the track is supported by the fourth fastener in the second aperture of the second bracket at a plurality of mount locations with respect to a selected point on the roof substrate. 6. The roof mounting system of claim 5, wherein the plurality of mount orientations are at least partially defined by a plurality of pre-drilled apertures in at least one of the first bracket and the second bracket. 7. The roof mounting system of claim 1, wherein the first bracket defines a first aperture sized to receive the first fastener therethrough and a plurality of pre-drilled apertures sized to receive the third fastener therethrough. 8. The roof mounting system of claim 7, wherein the plurality of pre-drilled apertures includes a plurality of apertures in the first bracket, wherein the plurality of apertures are aligned along a substantially arcuate path, and wherein the substantially arcuate alignment of the plurality of apertures permits the solar panel to be mounted to the first mounting assembly in a plurality of mount locations with respect to a selected point on the substrate. 9. The roof mounting system of claim 1, further comprising a first seal positioned to substantially seal the roof substrate proximate the first fastener. 10. The roof mounting system of claim 1, further comprising a second seal positioned to substantially seal the roof substrate proximate the second fastener. 11. A roof mounting system comprising: a roof substrate; a first roof mounting assembly including a first flashing positionable on the substrate, the second flashing defining an aperture extending therethrough, a first fastener extending along a first axis through the aperture and into the roof substrate to couple the first flashing to the roof, and a first bracket coupled to the first flashing; a second roof mounting assembly including a second flashing positionable on the substrate, the second flashing defining an aperture extending therethrough, a second fastener extending along a third axis through the aperture and into the roof substrate to couple the second flashing to the roof, and a second bracket coupled to the second flashing a first support element coupled to the first bracket, the first support element including a third fastener extending along a third axis, wherein the third axis is spaced from the first axis; a second support element coupled to the second bracket, the second support element including a fourth fastener extending along a fourth axis, wherein the fourth axis is spaced from the second axis; and a solar panel coupled to the first support element and coupled to the second support element, wherein the solar panel is supported on the roof by the first roof mounting assembly and the second mounting assembly. 12. The roof mounting system of claim 11, further comprising an elongate track coupled to and extending between the first roof mounting assembly and the second roof mounting assembly, wherein the first and second support elements are coupled to the elongate track. 13. The roof mounting system of claim 11, wherein the first support element includes a first support surface and a third bracket, wherein the first support surface is coupled to the third bracket by the third fastener. 14. The roof mounting system of claim 13, wherein a distance between the first support surface and the third bracket is adjustable within a range of distances. 15. The roof mounting system of claim 14, wherein the solar panel is positioned between the first support surface and the third bracket, and wherein the distance is adjusted to clamp the solar panel between the first support surface and the third bracket. 16. The roof mounting system of claim 13, wherein the second support element includes a second support surface and a fourth bracket, wherein the second support surface is coupled to the fourth bracket by the fourth fastener. 17. The roof mounting system of claim 16, wherein a distance between the second support surface and the fourth bracket is adjustable within a range of distances. 18. The roof mounting system of claim 17, wherein the solar panel is positioned between the second support surface and the fourth bracket, and wherein the distance is adjusted to clamp the solar panel between the second support surface and the fourth bracket. 19. The roof mounting system of claim 11, further comprising a first seal positioned to substantially seal the roof substrate proximate the first fastener. 20. The roof mounting system of claim 11, further comprising a second seal positioned to substantially seal the roof substrate proximate the second fastener. 