The present invention relates to a method and apparatus for levitating and conveying sand, dust or melting snow deposits off the surface of objects, in particular solar panels, mirrors, glass objects and the like.
Claims 1. A panel, such as a solar panel, comprising at least a self-cleaning device for cleaning the surface of the panel, said cleaning device comprising at least a conductive coating with different geometries for applying pulsed electrostatic DC fields generated by suitable electronic means. 2. The panel of claim 1, wherein the panel comprises at least a layer of highly transparent non-conductive resin. 3. The panel of claim 1, wherein the panel comprises a back sheet made out of compound material. 4. The panel of claim 1, wherein the panel comprises a honeycomb backing made out of metal for heat dissipation or out of other material for high rigidity and light weight backing. 5. The panel of claim 1, wherein the panel comprises a highly reflective parabolic or semi cylindrical mirror or concentrator. 6. The panel of claim 1, wherein the panel comprises a thermal solar panel with glass surface. 7. The panel of claim 1, wherein the panel comprises a glass sheet used for windshield, window or facade. 8. The panel of claim 1, wherein the panel comprises detectors for monitoring and operating the cleaning device. 9. The panel of claim 8, wherein the detectors include luminosity, temperature, humidity and others for automatic operation. 10. The panel of claim 1, wherein it comprises a chamber with upper glass surface hermetically sealed under very high vacuum for thermal insulation and wherein solar cells are located on the bottom layer. 11. A panel of claim 1, wherein it comprises additional piezoelectric devices to generate additional ultrasonic waves. 12. An installation comprising at least one panel according to claim 1. 13. A method for cleaning a panel as defined in claim 1, the method comprising cleaning the panel with a cleaning device using Pulsed electrostatic DC fields. 14. The method of claim 13 further comprising cleaning the panel with piezoelectric devices that create ultrasonic waves on the surface to remove sand and dust mixed with humidity. 