Embodiments of the invention contemplate the formation of a solar cell module comprising an array of interconnected solar cells that are formed using an automated processing sequence that is used to form a novel planar solar cell interconnect structure. In one embodiment, the module structure described herein includes a patterned adhesive layer that is disposed on a backsheet to receive and bond a plurality of conducting ribbons thereon. The substantially planar bonded conducting ribbons are then used to interconnect an array of solar cell devices to form a solar cell module that can be electrically connected to one or more external components, such as an electrical power grid, satellites, electronic devices or other similar power requiring units. Embodiments of the invention may further provide a roll-to-roll system that is configured to serially form a plurality of solar cell modules over different portions of a backsheet material received from a roll of backsheet material.
Claims 1. A solar cell module assembly, comprising: a flexible backsheet having a mounting surface; a patterned adhesive layer comprising a plurality of adhesive regions that are disposed on the mounting surface; and a plurality of conducting ribbons, wherein a first surface of each of the conducting ribbons is disposed on at least one of the plurality of adhesive regions, and each of the plurality of conducting ribbons are substantially planar and are non-linear relative to a plane that is substantially parallel to the mounting surface. 2. The solar cell module of claim 1, wherein the backsheet comprises two or more polymeric containing layers that are selected from a group that comprises polyethylene terephthalate (PET), polyvinyl fluoride (PVF), polyimide, kapton, polyethylene and polyolefin. 3. The solar cell module of claim 1, further comprising: a plurality of solar cells that are disposed over the conducting ribbons to form an interconnected solar cell array, wherein each of the plurality of solar cells is electrically connected to a portion of one of the plurality of conducting ribbons by use of a conductive material. 4. The solar cell module of claim 3, further comprising: a patterned interlayer dielectric material disposed between the conducting ribbon and the plurality of solar cells. 5. The solar cell module of claim 1, wherein the patterned adhesive layer is substantially covered by the plurality of conducting ribbons. 6. The solar cell module of claim 1, wherein the backsheet comprises a material selected from a group consisting of polyethylene terephthalate (PET), polyvinyl fluoride (PVF) and polyethylene. 7. The solar cell module of claim 1, wherein the plurality of conducting ribbons comprise a first metal layer that comprises copper or aluminum, and a second metal layer that comprises aluminum, copper, nickel, tin or chrome, wherein the first and second metal layers are not formed from the same metal. 8. A method of forming a solar cell device assembly, comprising: positioning a plurality of conducting ribbons over a mounting surface of a flexible backsheet, wherein an adhesive region is disposed between the mounting surface and a first surface of each of the plurality of conducting ribbons, and each of the plurality of conducting ribbons are substantially planar and are non-linear relative to a plane that is substantially parallel to the mounting surface. 9. The method of claim 8, wherein disposing the adhesive region over the mounting surface comprises forming a patterned adhesive layer on the mounting surface. 10. The method of claim 9, wherein the first surface of each of the plurality of conducting ribbons substantially covers the adhesive region. 11. The method of claim 9, wherein the patterned adhesive layer is applied to the mounting surface by a screen printing, drum rolling or ink jet printing process. 12. The method of claim 8, further comprising curing portions of the adhesive regions that are not covered by each of the plurality of conducting ribbons after the plurality of conducting ribbons are positioned over the mounting surface. 13. The method of claim 8, further comprising depositing a plurality of adhesive regions on the mounting surface of the backsheet before positioning the plurality of conducting ribbons over the mounting surface. 14. The method of claim 8, further comprising: depositing a patterned interlayer dielectric layer over a second surface of the plurality of conducting ribbons and the mounting surface, wherein the patterned interlayer dielectric layer has one or more vias that are formed over the second surface of each of the plurality of conducting ribbons. 15. The method of claim 14, further comprising depositing a conductive material in each of the formed vias formed over the second surface of the conducting ribbons. 16. The method of claim 8, further comprising: depositing a conductive material on a second surface of the plurality of conducting ribbons, wherein the deposited conductive material is disposed in one or more conductive material regions disposed on each of the plurality of conducting ribbons; and positioning a plurality of solar cells over the deposited conductive material, wherein an active portion of each positioned solar cell is in electrical communication with one of the one or more conductive material regions and one of the plurality of conducting ribbons. 17. The method of claim 16, further comprising: disposing an encapsulant and a protective sheet over the plurality of solar cells; and laminating the protective sheet and encapsulant to the plurality of solar cells, wherein the process of laminating the protective sheet and encapsulant to the plurality of solar cells substantially cures the patterned adhesive layer. 18. The method of claim 16, wherein each of the plurality of conducting ribbons is coupled to an n-type region formed in a first adjacent solar cell and a p-type region in a second adjacent solar cell. 19. A method of forming a solar cell device assembly, comprising: depositing a conductive material on a plurality of planar shaped conducting ribbons that are disposed on a portion of a flexible backsheet that is disposed in a first processing region of a system, wherein the conductive material is disposed on one or more conductive material regions on a first surface of each of the plurality of planar shaped conducting ribbons; transferring the portion of the flexible backsheet to a second processing region of the system that is downstream of the first processing region; positioning a plurality of solar cells over the deposited conductive material to form an array of interconnected solar cells in the second processing region of the system, wherein an active portion of each positioned solar cell is in electrical communication with one of the one or more conductive material regions and one of the plurality of planar shaped conducting ribbons; positioning an encapsulant material over the array of interconnected solar cells disposed over the portion of the backsheet; positioning a protective sheet over the encapsulant material; heating the portion of the backsheet material, plurality of planar shaped conducting ribbons, encapsulant material and protective sheet to form a bond therebetween in a third processing region of the system that is downstream of the second processing region; and cutting a portion of the flexible backsheet material to separate the portion of the flexible backsheet material from other portions of the flexible backsheet material. 20. The method of claim 19, wherein depositing the conductive material on the plurality of planar shaped conducting ribbons further comprises: positioning a plurality of conducting ribbons over a mounting surface of the flexible backsheet before depositing the conductive material on the plurality of planar shaped conducting ribbons, wherein an adhesive region is disposed between the mounting surface and a second surface of each of the plurality of planar shaped conducting ribbons, and each of the conducting ribbons are substantially planar and are non-linear relative to a plane that is substantially parallel to the mounting surface. 21. The method of claim 19, further comprising: depositing a patterned interlayer dielectric layer over the conducting ribbons and a mounting surface of the flexible backsheet before depositing the conductive material on the first surface of the planar shaped conducting ribbons, wherein the patterned interlayer dielectric layer has one or more vias formed over each of the planar shaped conducting ribbons; and the depositing the conductive material on the first surface of the conducting ribbons further comprises disposing a conductive material region in each of the formed vias. 22. The method of claim 19, wherein positioning the encapsulant material and the protective sheet over the plurality of solar cells further comprises: receiving a portion of an encapsulant material from a roll of encapsulant material; cutting the encapsulant material to separate the portion of the encapsulant material from other portions of the encapsulant material; and then positioning the portion of the encapsulant material over the plurality of solar cells. 