A solar cell module that has a back protective sheet and a front transparent protective sheet and edge sealant members that seal an inner portion of the solar cell module so as to define a cavity that receives a plurality of solar cells. A portion of the back protective sheet extends beyond the sealant members so as to define a mounting region that can receive mounting structures such as holes, connectors, rails or the like. By providing the mounting region, the mounting structures can be spaced from the sealant members which limits the damage to the sealant members during the mounting process and preserves the moisture sealed state of the solar cell cavity.
Claims 1. A solar module, comprising: a back protective sheet including an inner section surrounded by an edge section, wherein the edge section extends between the edge of the back protective sheet and the inner section; a transparent front protective sheet disposed above a top surface of the inner section of the back protective sheet, wherein the front protective sheet having the size and shape of the top surface of the inner section; a peripheral sealant wall surrounding the inner section and extending between the edge of the front protective sheet and the edge of the inner section of the back protective sheet so as to form a module cavity on the inner section of the back protective sheet; a plurality of interconnected solar cells disposed within the module cavity so that a light receiving side of each solar cell faces the front protective sheet and a back side of each solar cell faces the back protective sheet; and a transparent support material that fills a remainder of the module cavity and surrounds the plurality of solar cells. 2. The module assembly of claim 1, wherein one or more holes formed through the edge section of the back protective sheet to assist mounting the solar panel, wherein the holes formed between the edge of the back protective sheet and the peripheral seal wall so as not to damage the peripheral sealant wall. 3. The module assembly of claim 1, wherein one or more connector members are attached along the perimeter of the edge section of the back protective sheet to assist mounting the solar module, wherein at least one of the connector members is attached to a support structure during mounting of the solar module. 4. The module assembly of claim 1, wherein one or more rails attached along the perimeter of the edge section of the back protective sheet to assist mounting the solar module, wherein at least one of the rails is captured by the support structure during the mounting. 5. The module assembly of claim 1, wherein the width of the edge section is in the range of 0.5 mm-100 mm. 6. The module assembly of claim 1, wherein the width of the edge section is in the range of 10 mm-50 mm. 7. A method of manufacturing a solar module, comprising the steps of: providing a back protective sheet including an inner section surrounded by an edge section, wherein the edge section has a predetermined width extending between the perimeter of the back protective sheet and the inner section; forming a module stack on a top surface of the inner section, comprising the steps of: forming a peripheral sealant wall on the top surface of the inner section, which surrounds the inner section; disposing a plurality of interconnected solar cells over the top surface of the inner section that is surrounded by the peripheral sealant wall, each solar cell including a front light receiving side and a back substrate side; covering the plurality of solar cells with a transparent support material on both the front light receiving side and the back substrate side that faces the top surface of the inner section; placing a transparent protective sheet over the peripheral sealant wall and the support material covering the plurality of interconnected solar cells to form a module stack, wherein the transparent protective sheet has the same shape and size as the top surface of the inner section; and heating the module stack to form the solar module on the back protective sheet. 8. The method of claim 7 further comprising the step of treating the edge section to form one more holes through the edge section of the back protective sheet to assist mounting the solar module, wherein at least one of the holes is captured by a support structure during mounting of the solar module. 9. The method of claim 7 further comprising the step of treating the edge section to attach one or more connector members along the perimeter of the edge section of the back protective sheet to assist mounting the solar module, wherein at least one of the connector members is attached to a support structure during mounting of the solar module. 10. The method of claim 7 further comprising the step of treating the edge section to attach one or more rails along the perimeter of the edge section of the back protective sheet to assist mounting the solar module, wherein at least one of the rails is captured by the support structure during the mounting. 11. A solar module comprising: a back protective sheet having a first peripheral dimension and an inner portion; a transparent front protective sheet disposed above a top surface of the inner portion, wherein the transparent front protective sheet defines a second peripheral dimension that is less than the first peripheral dimension so that at least a portion of the back protective sheets extends outward from the transparent front protective sheet so as to define a mounting region of the back protective sheet; a peripheral sealant wall surrounding the inner portion of the back protective sheet, wherein the peripheral sealant wall is interposed between the mounting region and the inner portion and wherein the peripheral walls interconnect the back protective sheet and the transparent front protective sheet so as to define a module cavity in the inner potion of the back protective sheet; a plurality of interconnected solar cells positioned within the module cavity. 12. The module of claim 11, further comprising a transparent support material that fills a remainder of the module cavity and surrounds the plurality of solar cells. 13. The module of claim 11, further comprising mounting structures formed on the mounting region of the back protective sheet, wherein the mounting structures are spaced from the peripheral walls so as to inhibit breach of the peripheral walls when mounting of the module on a surface. 14. The module of claim 13, wherein the mounting structures comprise holes, connectors or rails. 15. The module of claim 11, wherein the mounting region extends about the entire periphery of the inner portion of the back protective sheet. 16. The module of claim 11, wherein the mounting region of the back protective sheet is formed from the same material as the inner portion of the back protective sheet. 17. The module of claim 11, wherein the mounting region has a width in the range of 0.5 mm-100 mm. 18. The module of claim 11, wherein the solar cells are Group IBIIIAVIA thin film solar cells. 19. The module of claim 11, wherein the back protective sheet includes a flexible polymer sheet. 20. The module of claim 11, wherein the transparent front protective sheet includes a flexible polymer sheet. 