A photovoltaic (PV) mounting system includes at least one PV module, a pair of metallic rail sections, and a grounding bar connected to each end of the metallic rail sections for grounding the metallic rail sections. The system also includes a wiring harness for electrically connecting several PV modules, a locking cover for covering and protecting the wiring harness, a standard connector box electrically connected to one end of the wiring harness, and a home run cable electrically connected to the connector box. A method for grounding the PV mounting system is also disclosed.
Claims 1. A system for grounding photovoltaic (PV) modules comprising at least one building block including at least one PV module, a pair of metallic rail sections, and a metallic grounding bar connected to each end of the metallic rail sections for grounding the metallic rail sections. 2. The system according to claim 1, further comprising at least one dc-ac micro-inverter. 3. The system according to claim 2, wherein the at least one micro-inverter is internally connected to a respective chassis ground or metal case and integrated with the at least one PV module. 4. The system according to claim 1, wherein the at least one PV module includes a connector, and wherein the system further includes a wiring harness with a connector that mates with the connector of the at least one PV module. 5. The system according to claim 4, wherein each connector includes a ground pin that is electrically connected to a metal case of a micro-inverter. 6. The system according to claim 5, wherein the metal case is mechanically and electrically attached to the metallic frame of the at least one PV module by a metallic frame attachment bracket. 7. The system according to claim 1, further comprising a wiring harness for electrically connecting the at least one PV module to a standard connector box, a locking cover for covering and protecting the ac wiring harness, and a home run cable electrically connected to the standard connector box to provide a single circuit, C1. 8. The system according to claim 1, further comprising a plurality of PV modules in a first row, R1, and a plurality of PV modules in a second row, R2, wherein the plurality of PV modules in the first row, R1, are connected together with a standard connector box, and wherein a connector (54) from the connector box and the plurality of PV modules in the second row, R2, are connected to a pass-through connector box, and a connector electrically connected to the pass-through connector box to provide a single circuit, C1, from the pass-through connector box. 9. A method for grounding a photovoltaic system, comprising: inserting a PV module into a first metallic rail section and into a second, opposite metallic rail section to hold the PV module in place; and connecting a grounding bar to each end of the first and second metallic rail sections for grounding the metallic rail sections. 10. The method of claim 9, further comprising electrically connecting the PV module to a wiring harness, electrically connecting the wiring harness to a standard connector box, and electrically connecting a connector to the standard connector box to provide a single circuit, C1. 