A method of forming a longitudinally continuous photovoltaic (PV) module includes arranging strips of thin-film PV material to be spaced apart from and substantially parallel to each other. The method also includes laminating a bottom layer to a first surface of the strips of thin-film PV material, the bottom layer including multiple bottom layer conductive strips. The method also includes laminating a top layer to a second surface of the strips of thin-film PV material opposite the first surface, the top layer including multiple top layer conductive strips. Laminating the bottom layer to the first surface and laminating the top layer to the second surface includes serially and redundantly interconnecting the strips of thin-film PV material together by connecting each one of the strips of thin-film PV material to a different one of the bottom layer conductive strips and a different one of the top layer conductive strips.
Claims 1. A method of forming a longitudinally continuous photovoltaic module, comprising: arranging a plurality of strips of thin-film photovoltaic material to be spaced apart from and substantially parallel to each other; laminating a bottom layer to a first surface of the plurality of strips of thin-film photovoltaic material, the bottom layer including a plurality of bottom layer conductive strips; laminating a top layer to a second surface of the plurality of strips of thin-film photovoltaic material, the second surface opposite the first surface, the top layer including a plurality of top layer conductive strips; wherein laminating the bottom layer to the first surface and laminating the top layer to the second surface includes serially and redundantly interconnecting the plurality of strips of thin-film photovoltaic material together by connecting each one of the strips of thin-film photovoltaic material to a different one of the plurality of bottom layer conductive strips and a different one of the plurality of top layer conductive strips. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising, cutting a sheet of thin-film photovoltaic material into the plurality of flexible strips. 3. The method of claim 2, wherein the sheet of thin-film photovoltaic material includes a transparent conducting oxide on the second surface, the method further comprising, prior to cutting the sheet of thin-film photovoltaic material into the strips of thin-film photovoltaic material, ablating the transparent conducting oxide from a region between each of the subsequently-formed strips of thin-film photovoltaic material, a width of each of the regions being in the range of 100 microns to 400 microns. 4. The method of claim 3, wherein: ablating the transparent conducting oxide from a region between each of the subsequently-formed strips of thin-film photovoltaic material includes directing a first laser at the regions, the first laser configured to emit light having a wavelength between 400 nanometers and 10 nanometers; and cutting the sheet of thin-film photovoltaic material into the strips of thin-film photovoltaic material includes directing a second laser at the regions, the second laser configured to emit light having a wavelength between 750 nanometers and 1400 nanometers. 5. The method of claim 3, further comprising, applying a protective layer to ablated regions of the transparent conducting oxide after cutting the sheet of thin-film photovoltaic material into the plurality of strips of thin-film photovoltaic material, the protective layer including at least one of dielectric, sealant or silicone. 6. The method of claim 1, further comprising one or more of: forming an intermittent power collection macro grid on a first surface of the top layer, the first surface of the top layer being configured to contact the second surface of the strips of thin-film photovoltaic material; or forming an intermittent power collection nano grid on the first surface of the top layer. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein forming a power collection macro grid on the first surface of the top layer includes: partially perforating the first surface of the top layer to form a plurality of interconnected grid lines in the first surface, wherein each of the plurality of interconnected grid lines is between 50 microns to 200 microns wide and 50 microns to 200 microns deep; filling the plurality of interconnected grid lines with a conductive paste; and curing the conductive past to drive off organic material from the paste. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein the top layer conductive strips are reflective, the method further comprising, forming regions of the photovoltaic module including the plurality of top layer conductive strips into concentrators. 9. The method of claim 8, wherein a cross-sectional shape and dimensions of each concentrator region depend on at least one of an installation angle and installation latitude of an installation site of the photovoltaic module. 10. The method of claim 9, wherein the concentrators are formed at the installation site. 11. The method of claim 8, further comprising mounting the photovoltaic module to a framing structure, the framing structure including one or more shaped supports having a first shape that is complementary to a second shape of the concentrators. 12. The method of claim 11, further comprising securing the photovoltaic module to the framing structure by securing one or more of the concentrators to the one or more shaped supports using at least one of a metal or plastic nail, a plastic-coated nail, a rubber-coated nail, a nail with a sealing head, a metal or insulating-coated screw, a screw with a sealing head, a clip, or other fastener. 13. The method of claim 1, further comprising forming a plurality of through holes in each of the plurality of top layer conductive strips at regular intervals prior to laminating the top layer to the second surface of the plurality of strips of thin-film photovoltaic material, the through holes being configured to receive fasteners for securing the photovoltaic module to a support structure at an installation site. 14. The method of claim 1, wherein the bottom layer includes a conductive backsheet, the method further comprising forming a plurality of through holes in the conductive backsheet at regular intervals prior to laminating the bottom layer to the first surface of the plurality of flexible strips, the through holes being configured to receive fasteners for securing the photovoltaic module to a support structure at an installation site. 15. The method of claim 1, wherein a visco-elastic material is disposed between the top layer conductive strips and the bottom layer conductive strips to form a constrained damper layer, the method further comprising mounting the photovoltaic module to a support structure, the support structure including a plurality of pieces arranged substantially normal to the length of the plurality of flexible strips, the plurality of pieces of the support structure being spaced on one foot to six foot centers. 16. The method of claim 1, further comprising: outputting a laminated sheet including the plurality of flexible strips, the bottom layer and the top layer in a roll, the laminated sheet being 100 feet to 2000 feet in length; and cutting the photovoltaic module to length from the rolled laminated sheet. 17. The method of claim 16, further comprising performing one or more of product testing and burn-in testing on the rolled laminated sheet. 18. A longitudinally continuous photovoltaic module formed according to the method of claim 1. 19. A computer-readable storage medium having stored thereon, computer-executable instructions that, if executed by a computing device, cause the computing device to perform a method comprising: receiving data indicating an installation angle for a photovoltaic module at an installation site, the photovoltaic module including a plurality of plastically deformable reflector regions and a plurality of longitudinally continuous strips of thin-film photovoltaic material; receiving data indicating a direction the installation site faces; receiving data indicating a latitude of the installation site; receiving data indicating elastic and visco-elastic bend relaxation parameters for the photovoltaic module; and determining a shape for the plurality of plastically deformable reflector regions based on the received data. 20. The computer-readable storage medium of claim 19, further comprising computer-executable instructions for causing a machine to plastically deform the plurality of plastically deformable reflector regions into the optimized shape. 