A measuring device for detecting a filling status of a containing cavity suitable for containing non-homogenous objects of various nature includes a capacitive device that is positionable near the containing cavity and configured for detecting a variation in electric capacity caused by the presence of the objects so as to determine the filling status. A container is provided with the measuring device. A system is provided including the measuring device and a station configured for receiving and processing data provided by the measuring device, the system being configured for managing and monitoring the filling status and planning intervention activities on the containing cavity. The system is used for monitoring and managing urban waste.
Claims 1.-21. (canceled) 22. A container, comprising a casing defining a containing cavity for receiving objects and including a measuring device for detecting a filling status of said containing cavity, said measuring device comprising a capacitive device that is positionable near said containing cavity and configured for detecting a variation in electric capacity caused by the presence of said objects so as to determine said filling status, wherein said capacitive device comprises a plate arrangement that is positionable in peripheral zones of said containing cavity, configured for detecting a total filling status or a partial filling status of said containing cavity, said capacitive device comprising a first plate arrangement and a second plate arrangement, mutually arranged at opposite ends with respect to said containing cavity and arranged on or in said casing, said first plate arrangement and said second plate arrangement comprising respectively a plurality of first plate elements and a plurality of second plate elements which are positionable in a manner distributed parallel to a longitudinal axis of said containing cavity so as to be able to detect a plurality of progressive filling levels of said containing cavity, the introduction of an object inside said containing cavity determining a variation in the dielectric constant or in the geometry of the equivalent capacity, wherein said container is a waste container for containing non-homogenous objects, said casing being shaped so as to be able to house a bag or similar elements for receiving the waste, said bag or similar elements being intended to be interposed between said plurality of first plate elements and said plurality of second plate elements. 23. A container according to claim 22, wherein said first plate arrangement and said second plate arrangement lie on surfaces that laterally bound said containing cavity and which are arranged transversely to a plane defined by an opening through which said objects are introduced into said containing cavity. 24. A container according to claim 22, wherein each of said first plate elements and said second plate elements has a height comprised between 10 and 30 cm, in particular approximately equal to 21 cm, and a width comprised between 30 and 70 cm, in particular approximately equal to 55 cm. 25. A container according to claim 22, and further comprising an electronic unit provided with a processor for processing data and/or signals and a digital capacity meter. 26. A container according to claim 25, and further comprising a local memory for storing information/data, supplied in particular by said processor. 27. A container according to claim 22, and further comprising a first receiving-transmitting module for transmitting data. 28. A container to claim 27, wherein said first receiving-transmitting module comprises a GPRS module or is configured for short-range wireless transmission. 29. A container according to claim 22, and further comprising a supply source by means of which said measuring device is electrically suppliable. 30. A container according to claim 29, wherein said supply source comprises a battery, in particular a battery that is rechargeable by a recharging photovoltaic device. 31. A container according to claim 22, and further comprising an interface of serial and/or of JTAG type. 32. A container according to claim 22, and further comprising a clock and a temperature sensor. 33. A container according to claim 22, and further comprising a luminosity sensor device for detecting an occlusion of said containing cavity--caused, for example, by bags or other bulky objects--independently of whether a filling threshold of said containing cavity has been reached. 34. A container according to claim 33, wherein said luminosity sensor device, which is positionable in said containing cavity, is chosen from a group comprising phototransistor sensors and photocell sensors. 35. A container according to claim 34, and having a height comprised between 40 cm and 140 cm, in particular approximately equal to 80 cm, and a width and a depth comprised between 20 cm and 80 cm, in particular approximately equal to 50 cm. 36. A system for monitoring and managing urban waste comprising a container according to claim 22 and a station configured for receiving and processing data provided by said measuring device so as to monitor said filling status and plan intervention activities on and/or manage, said containing cavity. 37. A system according to claim 36, wherein said station is configured for receiving data sent by said measuring device via a wireless connection of GPRS type. 38. A system according to claim 36, and further comprising a movable device for acquiring data from said measuring device to transfer the data to said station. 39. A system according to claim 38, wherein said movable device is configured for being connected to said measuring device via a wireless connection. 40. A system according to claim 38, wherein said movable device is provided with a memory and with a further interface of JTAG and/or serial and/or USB type by means of which said movable device is connectable to said measuring device and/or to said station. 41. A system according to claim 38, wherein said movable device comprises a GPS module for geolocating said containing cavity. 42. A system according to claim 38, wherein said movable device is provided with an acoustic-visual warning device. 