The invention is directed to a solar energy system includes a sun tracking lens mounted on a frame. The system further includes a support system to support the solar energy system, a heat exchanger configured so that concentrated light from the lens is focused on the heat exchanger, a boiler, a double chamber scroll compressor, a turbine arranged in the support system, and a generator unit arranged in the support system.
Claims 1. A solar energy system comprising: a sun tracking lens mounted on a frame; a support system to support the solar energy system; a heat exchanger con Figured so that concentrated light from the lens is focused on the heat exchanger; a boiler; a double chamber scroll compressor; a turbine arranged in the support system; and a generator unit arranged in the support system. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein the sun tracking lens comprises a circular shape. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein the frame comprises a lightweight aluminum frame. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein said sun tracking lens comprises a swivel mounting. 5. The system of claim 1 wherein said sun tracking lens comprises a Fresnel lens. 6. The system of claim 1 wherein said sun tracking lens is con Figured to move horizontally and vertically in an arc tracking the sun so that at all times it may be at an approximately right angle to the sun's rays. 7. The system of claim 1 wherein the boiler contains a hanex liquid. 8. The system of claim 1 further comprising monitoring system that monitors performance. 9. The system of claim 1 wherein the double chamber scroll compressor is con Figured to boost gas pressure into a second turbine. 10. The system of claim 1 wherein said turbine comprises a first turbine con Figured to propel a scroll compressor unit. 11. The system of claim 9 wherein said turbine comprises a second turbine con Figured to power the generator unit. 12. The system of claim 1 wherein the generator unit comprises squirrel cage micro high revving generator unit. 13. The system of claim 1 further comprises an Air Conditioning Unit comprising a condenser and evaporator. 14. The system of claim 1 further comprising at least one of a hot water heater, a sewage treatment plant, a water purifier, and air conditioner. 15. A solar energy system comprising: a sun tracking Fresnel lens mounted on a swivel mounted frame; a support system to support the solar energy system; a heat exchanger con Figured so that concentrated light from the lens is focused on the heat exchanger; a turbine arranged in the support system; a boiler; and a generator unit arranged in the support system, wherein the sun tracking lens comprises a circular shape. 16. The system of claim 13 wherein said sun tracking lens is con Figured to move horizontally and vertically in an arc tracking the sun so that at all times it may be at an approximately right angle to the sun's rays. 17. The system of claim 13 wherein the boiler contains a hanex liquid. 18. The system of claim 13 further comprising a monitoring system that monitors performance. 19. The system of claim 13 wherein said turbine comprises a first turbine con Figured to propel a scroll compressor unit. 20. The system of claim 17 wherein said turbine comprises a second turbine con Figured to power the generator unit. 21. The system of claim 1 wherein the generator unit comprises squirrel cage micro generator unit. 22. The system of claim 1 further comprising at least one of a hot water heater, a sewage treatment plant, a water purifier, and air conditioner. 