The device for thermal monitoring for a piece of equipment, whereby said piece of equipment is integrated on a craft placed in a forced vacuum environment, an outside part (7) of the equipment projecting outside of a wall (3) of the craft and being subjected to a solar radiation flux (15), comprises an absorbent screen (13) that is suitable for being placed between the outside part (7) of the equipment and the wall (3) of the craft, whereby this absorbent screen (13) has--on at least one portion of its front face, designed to be placed on the side removed from the wall of the craft--an absorptivity .alpha..sub.SOLAR that is the largest possible in the field of solar radiation, coupled to a low emissivity .epsilon..sub.IR in the infrared spectrum. The absorbent screen (13) is made of a very heat-conductive material and has--on at least a portion of its rear face, suitable for being oriented toward the wall of the craft--a high emissivity .epsilon..sub.IR in the infrared spectrum, typically greater than or equal to 0.7.
Claims 1. Device for thermal monitoring for a piece of equipment, whereby said piece of equipment is integrated on a craft placed in a forced vacuum environment, an outside part (7) of the equipment projecting outside of a wall (3) of the craft and being subjected to a radiation flux by an external source (15), characterized in that the device comprises: First collection means of at least a portion of the radiation emitted by the external radiation source (15), whereby said collection means comprise an absorbent screen (13) that is suitable for being placed between the outside part (7) of the equipment and the wall (3) of the craft, whereby this screen (13) has--on at least one portion of its front face, designed to be placed on the side removed from the wall of the craft--an absorbent surface with the largest possible absorptivity .alpha..sub.SOLAR in the field of solar radiation, linked to a low emissivity .epsilon..sub.IR in the infrared spectrum, At least a second emission surface with a high emissivity .epsilon..sub.IR in the infrared spectrum, radiating toward the outside of the craft but not toward the outside part of the equipment, Means for heat transport between the absorbent surface and the emission surfaces. 2. Device according to claim 1, wherein the absorbent screen (13) is made of a very heat-conductive material and has--on at least one part of its rear face, suitable for being oriented to the wall of the craft--a high emissivity .epsilon..sub.IR in the infrared spectrum, typically greater than or equal to 0.7. 3. Device according to claim 1, wherein: The heat transport means comprise a high-temperature fluid loop to which the absorbent screen (13) is linked conductively at at least one evaporator, Said fluid loop is itself linked conductively to a high-temperature radiator that forms radiation emission means. 4. Device according to claim 1, wherein the absorbent screen (13) has an overall concave shape that can be placed around the outside part of the equipment. 5. Device according to claim 4, wherein the absorbent screen (13) comprises a first surface (14) that is essentially flat and able to be placed parallel to the wall (3) of the craft, equipped with two lateral flanges (16, 17) that are inclined according to an angle of approximately 20 to 50.degree. relative to said first surface (14). 6. Device according to claim 1, wherein the absorbent screen (13) comprises a flat surface (14), the central part (18) of said flat surface (14) receiving an absorptive coating that has a high absorptivity for solar radiation and low emissivity .epsilon..sub.IR in the infrared spectrum, whereby the edges (19) of this surface receive a highly emissive coating in the infrared domain. 7. Device according to claim 1, wherein the absorbent screen (13) comprises means for attachment and conductive insulation so as to place it in an essentially perpendicular way to the primary axis of the outside part of the equipment. 8. Device according to claim 1, wherein the absorbent screen (13) consists of several parts that are suitable for being assembled around the outside part of the equipment when the latter is already installed on a craft. 9. Device according to claim 1, wherein the absorbent screen is an absorbent, high-temperature multilayer insulating cover element (21) that comprises a sheet of high absorptivity for solar radiation and low emissivity .epsilon..sub.IR in the infrared spectrum. 10. Satellite, wherein it comprises at least one thermal monitoring device according to claim 1. 11. Process for thermal layout of a satellite according to claim 10, wherein it comprises a stage for installation of at least one absorbent screen (13) on at least one outside part of a piece of equipment, according to their maximum temperature that is estimated or measured during a test. 12. Device according to claim 2, wherein: The heat transport means comprise a high-temperature fluid loop to which the absorbent screen (13) is linked conductively at at least one evaporator, Said fluid loop is itself linked conductively to a high-temperature radiator that forms radiation emission means. 13. Device according to claim 2, wherein the absorbent screen (13) has an overall concave shape that can be placed around the outside part of the equipment. 