Modular fuse holder assemblies for configurable panelboards are specifically adapted to meet the needs of photovoltaic fuses and solar powered systems. Fuse rejection features, safety features, and remote monitoring features are further provided.
Claims 1. A fuse holder assembly comprising: a nonconductive fuse holder body defining a fuse receptacle, the fuse holder body including a top surface and a side surface including an aperture; a lever arm adapted to receive and retain a cylindrical fuse having first and second conductive terminal elements, the lever arm including opposing first and second ends, the first end being rotatably mounted to the fuse holder body proximate the top surface and a portion of the first end being exposed and accessible through the aperture in the side surface, the lever arm being pivotal about the first end such that the second end is selectively positionable between an open position and a closed position relative to the fuse holder body, the open position providing access to insert or remove the cylindrical fuse from the lever arm and the closed position preventing access to the cylindrical fuse; first and second fuse clips mounted to said body, wherein the respective first and second fuse clips engage the first and second conductive terminal elements when the cylindrical fuse is received therein and the lever arm is in the closed position, and wherein the first and second fuse clips are disengaged from the first and second conductive terminal elements when the cylindrical fuse is received in the lever arm and the lever arm is in the open position; and line and load side connection terminals each associated with one of the first and second fuse clips, the line and load side connection terminals each respectively defining a non-switchable current path to one of the first and second fuse clips. 2. The fuse holder assembly of claim 1, wherein one of the line and load side connection terminals comprises a panelboard clip extending from the fuse holder body. 3. The fuse holder assembly of claim 2, wherein the fuse holder body includes a bottom surface opposite the top surface, and the panelboard clip includes a first portion extending substantially perpendicularly to the bottom surface and a second portion extending substantially parallel to the bottom surface. 4. The fuse holder assembly of claim 3, wherein the first portion of the fuse clip extends through and projects from the bottom surface, thereby spacing the second portion from the bottom surface. 5. The fuse holder assembly of claim 2, wherein the panelboard clip is integrally formed with one of the first and second fuse clips. 6. The fuse holder assembly of claim 2, further comprising a panelboard, the panelboard clip attachable to the panelboard. 7. The fuse holder assembly of claim 1, wherein the lever arm is configured to reject an incompatible fuse. 8. The fuse holder assembly of claim 7, wherein the lever arm defines an axial sleeve configured to receive the fuse, the sleeve including an abutment surface for the cylindrical fuse and a fuse rejection stub projecting therefrom. 9. The fuse holder assembly of claim 7, wherein the stub is substantially aligned with a longitudinal axis of the cylindrical fuse when the fuse is received in the sleeve. 10. The fuse holder assembly of claim 9, wherein one of the first and second conductive terminal elements of the cylindrical fuse includes an indentation, the stub being received in the indentation. 11. The fuse holder assembly of claim 10, wherein the fuse is a photovoltaic fuse. 12. The fuse holder assembly of claim 1, wherein the lever arm defines a shank lock opening at the second end. 13. The fuse holder assembly of claim 1, further comprising a status module separately provided from the nonconductive body and configured to transmit a signal to a remote device when the cylindrical fuse operates to open a current path between the first and second fuse clips. 14. The fuse holder assembly of claim 13, wherein the status module is configured to simultaneously monitor multiple cylindrical fuses. 15. The fuse holder assembly of claim 13, wherein the portion of the first end being exposed and accessible through the aperture in the side surface includes an actuator slot, and the status module includes an actuator coupled to the actuator slot, whereby when the actuator slot is rotated as the lever arm is opened, the actuator is also rotated and causes the status module to be reset. 16. The fuse holder assembly of claim 1, wherein at least one of the line and load side connection terminals comprises a dual wire box lug terminal. 17. The fuse holder assembly of claim 1, wherein an audible tactile click is associated with one of the opened and closed positions. 18. The fuse holder assembly of claim 1, wherein a height of the fuseholder is less than about 72 mm. 19. The fuse holder assembly of claim 18, wherein a width of the fuse holder is about 17.5 mm or less. 20. The fuse holder assembly of claim 1, wherein the lever arm is configured to reject a UL supplemental fuse, a class CC fuse, and an IEC 10x38 fuse. 21. The fuse holder assembly of claim 1, wherein the portion of the first end of the lever arm defines an actuator slot, the actuator slot being exposed and accessible through the aperture in the side surface. 22. The fuse holder assembly of claim 1, further comprising an actuator configured to connect to the slot. 