A timer switch which is activated by the proximity of an object situated in a given distance range and is present there for a given time period.
Claims 1. A proximity timer switch, which sends on output signal when an object is detected in a given range of distance for a given period of time comprising; a sonar, said sonar sends an acoustic signal through the air and then measures the distance by multiplying the speed of sound with half of the time it takes the sound to reach to and bounce back from the object a delay control, said delay control having a switch selectable delay period which provides input to a micro-controller relative to the delay selected, a logic control, said logic control is a micro-controller used to store the program which runs the proximity timer switch, generates the acoustic signal, drives the acoustic transducer, samples the output of the acoustic receiver, computes the real distance to the reflecting object, drives LEDs for signaling purposes, monitors switches used for setting the timer delay and abort functions, drives the piezoelectric speaker and periodically enters Sleep mode to conserve energy. a power supply, said power supply provides the energy for the proximity timer switch a main on/off switch, said main on/off switch used to power up and power down the proximity timer switch, acoustic annunciator, said acoustic annunciator comprising of a piezoelectric device, signals different phases of the program, like ready to activate, and low battery, optical annunciators, said optical annunciators comprising of colored light emitting diodes (LEDs), signal with a periodic pulse that the unit works, and if it is set to run or to pause, a momentary switch, said momentary switch is used to make changes in program while the proximity timer switch is running, including pause and run, calibration, start and stop, an activation switch, said activation switch is a relay activated by the logic control, which signals that the unit detected an object in the qualifying range for the qualifying time period, an enclosure, said enclosure contains all the proximity timer switch parts, and has openings for the input and output devices, such as LEDs, buttons, acoustic transducers, and activation switch contacts. enclosure mounting hardware, said enclosure mounting means are adhesive magnetic and velcro tape, which help locate the proximity timer switch on most surfaces, and allows easy orientation towards the direction the object for detection might show up. 2. A proximity timer switch as claimed in claim 1 wherein the sonar uses a single ultrasonic transducer for both transmitting and receiving, being switched automatically by the logic control unit in accordance with the stage of the measurement, transmit or listen for the echo. 3. A proximity timer switch as claimed in claim 1 wherein the sonar uses a couple of ultrasonic transducers, one for transmitting and the second for receiving. 4. A proximity timer switch as claimed in claim 1 wherein the momentary switch is a tactile switch, based on a conductive dome being pressed to snap and short a circuit on the printed circuit board. 5. A proximity timer switch as claimed in claim 1 wherein the momentary switch is a proximity capacitive touch switch. 6. A proximity timer switch as claimed in claim 1 wherein the momentary switch is a proximity optical switch. 7. A proximity timer switch as claimed in claim 1 wherein the momentary switch is a resistive touch switch. 8. A proximity timer switch as claimed in claim 1 wherein the activation switch is a relay. 9. A proximity timer switch as claimed in claim 1 wherein the activation switch is an optical output. 10. A proximity timer switch as claimed in claim 1 wherein the activation switch is a radio frequency output. 11. A proximity timer switch as claimed in claim 1 wherein the activation switch is a displacement actuator. 12. A proximity timer switch as claimed in claim 1 wherein the activation switch is a magnetic field output, 13. A proximity timer switch as claimed in claim 1 wherein the power supply is a battery pack. 14. A proximity timer switch as claimed in claim 1 wherein the power supply is a battery. 15. A proximity timer switch as claimed in claim 1 wherein the power supply is external. 16. A proximity timer switch as claimed in claim 15 wherein the power supply comes from a standard wall outlet, properly transformed to power the device. 17. A proximity timer switch as claimed in claim 15 wherein the power supply comes from a solar panel, properly transformed to power the device. 18. A proximity timer switch as in claim 1 which is paused from running when the momentary switch is activated and stays paused only as long as the object is detected in the given proximity and starts running again after the object is no longer detected in the given proximity. 