In embodiments of the present invention improved capabilities are described for systems and methods that employ a control component and/or power source integrated in an LED based light source to control and/or power the LED light source wirelessly. In embodiments, the LED based light source may take the form of a standard light bulb that plugs into a standard lighting socket or fixture.
Claims 1.-20. (canceled) 21. A lighting control apparatus comprising: a housing; a switch associated with the housing and having an input configured to receive power from a primary source of power; an energy storage device disposed within the housing; power converter circuitry configured to convert power from the energy storage device; a lighting circuit input associated with the housing and configured to receive power for illuminating at least one light source; and a controller configured to: determine whether power from the primary source of power is available at the input of the switch; and cause application of power from the energy storage device to the lighting circuit input only if power from the primary source of power is not available at the input of the switch. 22. A lighting control apparatus of claim 21, wherein the controller is further configured to: determine an operational state of the switch; and cause application of power from the energy storage device to the lighting circuit input only if power from the primary source of power is not available at the input of the switch and if the switch is in a predetermined operational state. 23. A lighting control apparatus of claim 22, wherein the predetermined operational state of the switch corresponds to a closed operational state. 24. A lighting control apparatus of claim 22, wherein the predetermined operational state of the switch corresponds to an open operational state. 25. The lighting control apparatus of claim 21, wherein the switch comprises at least one of a wall switch, a dimmer switch, and a lighting control panel. 26. The lighting control apparatus of claim 21, wherein the power converter circuitry includes at least one of a DC/AC inverter, an AC/DC converter, a DC/DC converter, a relay, an optoisolator, and a solid state switch. 27. The lighting control apparatus of claim 21, wherein the energy storage device includes a DC power source including at least one of a rechargeable battery, a non-rechargeable battery, a photovoltaic cell, a fuel cell, and a super capacitor. 28. The lighting control apparatus of claim 27, wherein the power converter circuitry is configured to convert DC power from the DC power source to AC power for supplying to the lighting circuit input. 29. The lighting control apparatus of claim 21, wherein the lighting circuit input includes a power input interface. 30. The lighting control apparatus of claim 21, wherein the at least one light source includes one or more of an incandescent light source, a fluorescent light source, an LED light source, or an AC power device that may derive power from the lighting circuit. 31. The lighting control apparatus of claim 21, further including an uninterruptable power source inverter providing power to the lighting circuit from at least one of the power input and an energy storage device. 32. The lighting control apparatus of claim 21, further comprising: a wireless transmitter configured to allow the controller to transmit control signals to remote lighting devices. 33. A wall switch module comprising: a retrofit housing; a switch associated with the retrofit housing and having an input configured to receive power from a primary source of power; an energy storage device disposed within the retrofit housing; power converter circuitry configured to convert power from the energy storage device; a lighting circuit input associated with the retrofit housing and configured to receive power for illuminating at least one light source; and a controller configured to: determine whether power from the primary source of power is available at the input of the switch; and cause application of power from the energy storage device to the lighting circuit input only if power from the primary source of power is not available at the input of the switch. 34. The wall switch module of claim 33, wherein the switch comprises at least one of a wall switch, a dimmer switch, and a programmable control panel. 35. The wall switch module of claim 33, wherein the power converter circuitry includes at least one of a DC/AC inverter, AC/DC converter, DC/DC converter, a relay, an optoisolator, or a solid state switch. 36. The wall switch module of claim 33, wherein the controller is further configured to monitor the operational state of the switch, determine that the switch is in at least one of an open and closed state, and determine whether the primary power source is present. 37. The wall switch module of claim 33, wherein the energy storage device includes a DC power source comprising at least one of a rechargeable battery, a non-rechargeable battery, a photovoltaic cell, a fuel cell, or a super capacitor. 38. A lighting control apparatus comprising: a housing; a switch associated with the housing and having an input configured to receive power from a primary source of power; a mode selector; an energy storage device disposed within the housing; a lighting circuit input associated with the housing and configured to receive power for illuminating at least one light source; and a controller configured to: determine whether power from the primary source of power is available at the input of the switch; determine an operational state of the switch; determine a state of the mode selector; and cause application of power from the energy storage device to the lighting circuit input based on whether power from the primary source of power is available at the input of the switch, the operational state of the switch, and the state of the mode selector. 39. The lighting control apparatus of claim 38, wherein the state of the mode selector is user selectable. 40. The lighting control apparatus of claim 38, wherein the mode selector is configured to select between a primary mode and a secondary mode, and the controller is configured to: prevent application of power from the energy storage device to the lighting circuit input if power from the primary source of power is not available at the input of the switch, the switch is in an open operational state, and the mode selector is in a primary state; cause application of power from the energy storage device to the lighting circuit input if power from the primary source of power is not available at the input of the switch, the switch is in a closed operational state, and the mode selector is in a primary state; and cause application of power from the energy storage device to the lighting circuit input if power from the primary source of power is not available at the input of the switch, the switch is in an open operational state, and the mode selector is in a secondary state. 41. The lighting control apparatus of claim 40, wherein the primary mode of the mode selector corresponds to a non-emergency operational state of the lighting control apparatus, and the secondary mode of the mode selector corresponds to an emergency operational state of the lighting control apparatus. 42. The lighting control apparatus of claim 38, wherein the at least one light source includes one or more of an incandescent light source, a fluorescent light source, an LED light source or an AC power device that may derive power from the lighting circuit. 