A method and system for enforcing a return policy by determining whether an article of merchandise has been used, or not used, within a predetermined time after the purchase of the merchandise. The system including sensor means associated with the article for recording data related to ambient conditions post-purchase, data acquisition means for receiving the recorded data, a comparator for comparing the recorded data to a predefined data set representative of acceptable data values, output means for outputting an outcome from the comparator, the outcome being indicative of whether the article has been used, or not used.
Claims 1. A method for enforcing a return policy relating to an article of merchandise following a predetermined event, the method comprising the steps of: including at least one sensor with said article for monitoring at least one ambient condition and for logging and recording at least one reading associated said at least one ambient condition, following said predetermined event; determining whether said at least one reading exceeds at least one predetermined threshold, said at least one predetermined threshold corresponding to said at least one ambient condition; reporting a violation of said return policy when said at least one reading exceeds at least one predetermined threshold; issuing notification of said violation of said return policy; and terminating said monitoring and said logging and recording of at least one reading associated said at least one ambient condition following at least one of a predefined time period following said predetermined event or return of said article. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein said at least one ambient condition comprises at least one of temperature, moisture, humidity, chemicals, vibrations, pulse, location data, physiological data, biological data, electrical activity of the heart, pressure, motion, chemical agents, biological agents, pH, smoke, light, radiation, acoustics, magnetic fields, pulse, vital signs, air quality, power, motion, global positioning, geo-location, orientation, acceleration, and associated time of recordal said ambient conditions data, or changes thereof. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein said at least one sensor comprises a power source derived from at least one of RF signals, a battery, solar energy, ambient light energy by nanoparticles, plastic solar cells, printable solar cells, and photovoltaic materials including electrically conductive polymers and nanostructures. 4. The method of claim 1 wherein said at least one sensor transmits data related to said at least one ambient condition to a plurality of other sensors, wherein at least one of said plurality of other sensors records said data related to said at least one ambient condition. 5. The method of claim 1 wherein said at least one sensor includes article data comprising at least one of date of purchase, merchant data, article data, temporal data, ambient conditions data, inventory data, SKU, method of payment, customer data, salesperson data, point of sale data. 6. The method of claim 1 wherein eligibility for return of said article or the non-eligibility for return of said article is based on at least one of an outcome of said step of determining whether said at least one reading exceeds at least one predetermined threshold, elapsed time following said predetermined event, merchant data, customer data and return policy data. 7. A system for mitigating return fraud of an article of merchandise following a predetermined event, the system including: a return policy engine comprising an analysis engine for processing data from sensor means associated with the article for logging and recording data related to ambient conditions, said analysis engine comprising a comparator for comparing recorded ambient conditions data to predetermined ambient conditions data; whereby the eligibility for return of said article or the non-eligibility for return of said article is based on at least one of an outcome from said comparator, elapsed time following said predetermined event, merchant data, customer data and return policy data; and wherein said sensor means is prevented from recording said data following at least one of a predefined time period following said predetermined event, determination of non-eligibility for return of said article and a return of said article. 8. The system of claim 7 wherein return policy engine comprises at least one of a merchant database, a customer database, a return policy database and a parameter database comprising predetermined ambient conditions data, said return policy database comprising conditions for article eligibility for return or exchange, said conditions comprising at least one of return time frame following a purchase, original condition of the article, non-use of the article, acceptable use of said article, non-acceptable use of said article, return policy data, customer data, and merchant data, or any combination thereof; said merchant database comprises at least one of description of the merchandise, pricing data, sale or markdown data, gift item, inventory data, SKU, merchant data, customer data, purchased merchandise data, returned merchandise data, statistical data, or a combination thereof; said parameter database comprising a predefined data set representative of acceptable data values corresponding to ambient conditions for eligibility for return of the article, as dictated by the return policy; a customer database comprising customer related data comprising at least one of name, address, contact information (email address, fax no., phone no., Instant Messaging (IM), Short Messaging Service (SMS); ID (photograph, driver's license (DL) passport/biometric); username/password; cookies, purchase history, return history, and statistics, or any combination thereof. 9. The system of claim 7 wherein said ambient conditions data comprises data related to at least one of temperature, moisture, humidity, chemicals, vibrations, pulse, location data, physiological data, biological data, electrical activity of the heart, pressure, motion, chemical agents, biological agents, pH, smoke, light, radiation, acoustics, magnetic fields, pulse, vital signs, air quality, power, motion, global positioning, geo-location, orientation, acceleration, and associated time of recordal said ambient conditions data, or changes thereof. 10. The system of claim 9 wherein an assessment of the usage of said article is based on said outcome. 11. The system of claim 10 wherein said sensor means transmits said at least one of recorded ambient conditions data, usage and outcome to at least one of said customer and said merchant. 12. The system of claim 9 wherein said merchant and/or said customer is notified of the eligibility for return of said article and/or the non-eligibility for return of said article. 13. The system of claim 10 wherein said usage may be characterized as at least one of not-used, used, acceptable usage, or non-acceptable usage, and wherein said usage determines said the eligibility for return of said article and/or the non-eligibility for return of said article, in accordance with a return policy of said merchant. 14. The system of claim 10 wherein said sensor means comprises said analysis engine, said data analysis engine comprising executable instructions stored in a computer readable medium. 15. The system of claim 10 wherein said data analysis engine is external to said article of merchandise, said data analysis engine comprising executable instructions in a computer readable medium, wherein said recorded ambient conditions data is presented to said data analysis engine via an external device coupled to said article of merchandise comprising said sensor means via a wired or a wireless communication interface. 16. The system of claim 13 wherein one of said sensor means is positioned at a first location and another of said sensor means is positioned at a second location wherein the range between said sensors is correlated with a level of use of said article. 17. The system of claim 7 wherein said sensor means is inoperable following at least one of a predefined time period following said predetermined event, determination of non-eligibility for return of said article and a return of said article. 18. A computer product having instructions in a non-transitory computer readable medium, said instructions executable by a processor to cause the processor to perform a method for enforcing a return policy relating to an article of merchandise following a predetermined event, the method comprising the steps of: including at least one sensor with said article for monitoring at least one ambient condition and for logging and recording at least one reading associated said at least one ambient condition, following said predetermined event; determining whether said at least one reading exceeds at least one predetermined threshold, said at least one predetermined threshold corresponding to said at least one ambient condition; reporting a violation of said return policy when said at least one reading exceeds at least one predetermined threshold; issuing notification of said violation of said return policy; and terminating said monitoring and said logging and recording of at least one reading associated said at least one ambient condition following at least one of a predefined time period following said predetermined event, or return of said article. 19. An article of merchandise comprising: a sensor for monitoring an ambient condition and for logging and recording a reading associated said an condition; said sensor comprising a computer readable medium for storing said reading related to said sensed ambient condition, and instructions including at least one program for determining whether said reading exceeds a predetermined threshold, and issuing an alert when said predetermined threshold is exceeded, wherein said program determines the eligibility for return of an article of merchandise or the ineligibility for return of said article of merchandise in accordance with a return policy; a processor for executing said instructions; a power source; and a transceiver for emitting said alert and for receiving at least one of data, signals and instructions, via a wired or a wireless connection. 20. The article of claim 19 wherein at least one of a customer and a merchant is informed of said eligibility or said non-eligibility for returning said article. 