A DC/DC converter circuit configuration contains a rectifier configuration, an inductance and at least one circuit breaker for switching the inductance on its input side. When controlling the circuit configuration, an off time of the circuit breaker is variably changed on the basis of the output power of the circuit configuration and the circuit breaker is respectively switched on in the region of a minimum of a voltage curve across the circuit breaker in order to minimize the switching losses and achieve a high level of efficiency.
Claims 1. A method for operating a DC/DC converter circuit configuration, the DC/DC converter circuit configuration having a rectifier configuration, an inductance and at least one circuit breaker for switching the inductance on an input side, which comprises the steps of: variably changing an off time of the circuit breaker on a basis of an output power of the DC/DC converter circuit configuration; and respectively switching the circuit breaker on in a region of a minimum of a voltage curve across the circuit breaker. 2. The method according to claim 1, which further comprises: determining a switch-on time of the circuit breaker as a point of intersection between a monotonously increasing ramp voltage curve and a modified feedback voltage curve; producing the modified feedback voltage curve by adding the voltage curve across the circuit breaker to an averaged feedback voltage; and determining the averaged feedback voltage by averaging a difference between an output voltage of the DC/DC converter circuit configuration and a desired value of the output voltage of the DC/DC converter circuit configuration. 3. The method according to claim 1, which further comprises: determining a switch-on time of the circuit breaker as a point of intersection between a modified ramp voltage curve and an averaged feedback voltage; producing the modified ramp voltage curve by subtracting the voltage curve across the circuit breaker from a monotonously increasing ramp voltage curve; and determining the averaged feedback voltage by averaging a difference between an output voltage of the DC/DC converter circuit configuration and a desired value of the output voltage of the DC/DC converter circuit configuration. 4. The method according to claim 2, wherein the monotonously increasing ramp voltage curve begins at a switch-off time of the circuit breaker. 5. The method according to claim 2, wherein at least one of the averaged feedback voltage or the monotonously increasing ramp voltage curve is limited to a predefined voltage value. 6. The method according to claim 2, which further comprises modulating at least one of the monotonously increasing ramp voltage curve or the averaged feedback voltage. 7. The method according to claim 1, which further comprises selecting the DC/DC converter circuit configuration from the group consisting of a flyback converter, a boost converter and a buck converter. 8. A DC/DC converter circuit configuration, comprising: a rectifier configuration; an inductance having an input side; at least one circuit breaker for switching said inductance on said input side; and a control device for driving said circuit breaker, said control device programmed to: variably change an off time of said circuit breaker on a basis of an output power of the DC/DC converter circuit configuration; and respectively switch said circuit breaker on in a region of a minimum of a voltage curve across said circuit breaker. 9. The circuit configuration according to claim 8, wherein the DC/DC converter circuit configuration is selected from the group consisting of a flyback converter, a boost converter and a buck converter. 10. A operating method, which comprises the steps of: providing A DC/DC converter circuit configuration containing a rectifier configuration, an inductance having an input side, at least one circuit breaker for switching the inductance on the input side, and a control device for driving the circuit breaker, the control device programmed to variably change an off time of the circuit breaker on a basis of an output power of the DC/DC converter circuit configuration and respectively switch the circuit breaker on in a region of a minimum of a voltage curve across the circuit breaker; and connecting the DC/DC converter circuit configuration in a photovoltaic system for supplying energy to a solar inverter of the photovoltaic system on a side of a solar generator. 