A method and system for metering liquid production at a well comprises an actuated back pressure control valve, a liquid pump, a liquid flow meter and a pressure sensor, both intermediate the liquid pump and the back pressure control valve, and a separator having a liquid discharge conduit, a pressure sensor and a liquid/gas interface sensor disposed to monitor a section of the separator. The liquid pump receives a stream of liquid removed from the monitored section of the separator and moves the liquid stream through the flow meter and the back pressure control valve. A controller receives signals from the pressure sensors and the interface sensor, and operates the liquid pump at a speed to maintain an interface in the monitored section within a predetermined range while positioning the back pressure control valve to maintain the pressure at the flow meter above a pressure at which bubbles may form.
Claims 1. A method of controlling an interface in a separator section while metering liquid removed from the separator section comprising: providing a first pressure sensor in a separator to generate a signal to a controller; providing a liquid pump having an inlet coupled to receive a liquid flow stream through a liquid discharge connection on the separator; providing a back pressure control valve positionable to choke the liquid flow stream discharged from an outlet on the liquid pump; providing a liquid flow meter intermediate the outlet of the liquid pump and the back pressure control valve; providing an actuator to receive a signal from the controller and to position the back pressure control valve to maintain a minimum pressure on the liquid flow stream adjacent to the liquid meter at a pressure equal to or greater than a predetermined amount above a separator pressure detected by the first pressure sensor; providing a second pressure sensor to detect the pressure of the liquid flow stream intermediate the outlet on the liquid pump and the back pressure control valve; coupling an electrically-powered motor to operate the liquid pump; disposing a liquid/gas interface sensor proximal a liquid section of the separator; generating a signal to the controller using the liquid/gas interface sensor corresponding to an elevated position of a liquid/gas interface in a monitored section of the separator adjacent the liquid discharge connection; generating a signal using the controller to condition an electrical current flow to the motor to accelerate a rate at which the liquid flow stream is removed from the monitored section of the separator through the pump; generating a signal using the controller to re-condition the electrical current flow to the motor to reduce the rate at which the liquid flow stream is removed from the monitored section of the separator through the pump; using the liquid meter to measure the rate at which the liquid flow stream is removed from the monitored section of the separator and to generate a plurality of signals to the controller corresponding to a plurality of measurements; and using the plurality of measurements made within a given time period to determine the amount of liquid removed from the separator through the liquid pump and the back pressure control valve. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein the electric motor is powered by an alternating current; and generating a signal using the controller to condition an electrical current flow to the motor to accelerate a rate at which the liquid flow stream is removed from the monitored section of the separator through the pump comprises: generating a signal using the controller to a variable frequency drive unit receiving current from a power distribution lateral; wherein the current is conditioned by manipulation of the frequency. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein the liquid removed from the monitored section of the separator comprises oil. 4. The method of claim 1 wherein the liquid meter comprises a Coriolis mass flow meter. 5. The method of claim 1 wherein the liquid meter comprises a volumetric flow meter. 6. The method of claim 1 further comprising: providing an automated liquid sampler intermediate the outlet of the liquid pump and the back pressure control valve to obtain and store a plurality of samples of the liquid flow stream. 7. The method of claim 6 further comprising: using the controller to generate a signal to activate the automated liquid sampler to obtain a sample; wherein the controller generates a signal to activate the automated liquid sampler to obtain a sample based using a frequency dependent upon the rate at which the liquid is removed from the monitored section of the separator. 8. The method of claim 1 further comprising: providing a supply of a chemical; providing a chemical pump operated by an electric motor, the chemical pump configured to inject chemical into the liquid flow stream removed from the separator; generating a signal to the electric motor to operate the chemical pump at a speed that corresponds to a targeted chemical injection rate proportional to the rate at which liquid is removed from the separator. 9. The method of claim 8 wherein the chemical is one of a scale inhibitor, an oxygen scavenger, a corrosion inhibitor, a paraffin inhibitor and friction reducer. 10. A method of controlling the position of a liquid/gas interface a separator comprising: disposing a liquid/gas interface sensor proximal a section of the separator to monitor a position of a liquid/gas interface therein; detecting with the liquid/gas interface sensor an elevated position of the liquid/gas interface; generating with the liquid/gas interface sensor a signal corresponding to the elevated position of the liquid/gas interface to a controller; generating with the controller a signal to a current conditioning device coupled to a current source; using the current conditioning device to condition a current from the current source to an electric motor coupled to operate a pump, having an inlet to receive a liquid flow stream from the monitored section of the separator and an outlet to discharge the liquid stream from the pump, at an accelerated speed to increase the rate of removal of liquid from the monitored section of the separator in response to the detected elevated position of the liquid/gas interface; providing a liquid stream flow meter to measure the flow rate of the liquid flow stream from the outlet of the pump; storing with the controller data corresponding to flow rates of the liquid flow stream measured using the liquid stream flow meter; providing a back pressure control valve intermediate the liquid meter and a liquid gathering pipe, the back pressure control valve having an actuator thereon to position the back pressure control valve in response to a signal from the controller; providing a first pressure sensor to detect a pressure in the separator and a second pressure sensor to detect the pressure in the liquid gathering pipe intermediate the pump and the back pressure control valve; generating with the first pressure sensor a signal to the controller corresponding to the detected pressure in the separator; generating with the second pressure sensor a signal to the controller corresponding to the detected pressure in the liquid gathering pipe intermediate the pump and the back pressure control valve; and generating a signal with the controller to the actuator to position the back pressure control valve to maintain the pressure of the liquid flow stream at the liquid meter at a pressure greater than the detected separator pressure. 11. The method of claim 10 wherein the pump comprises a gear pump. 12. The method of claim 10 wherein the liquid flow meter comprises a Coriolis mass flow meter. 13. The method of claim 11 wherein the liquid flow meter comprises a Coriolis mass flow meter. 14. The method of claim 10 wherein the liquid flow meter comprises a volumetric flow meter. 15. The method of claim 14 wherein the liquid flow meter comprises a turbine meter. 16. The method of claim 11 wherein the liquid flow meter comprises volumetric flow meter. 17. The method of claim 1 further comprising: detecting with the liquid/gas interface sensor a corrected position of the liquid/gas interface; generating with the liquid/gas interface sensor a signal corresponding to the corrected position of the liquid/gas interface to the controller; generating with the controller a signal to the current conditioning device coupled to the current source; using the current conditioning device to condition a current from the current source to the electric motor coupled to operate a pump at a reduced speed, relative to the accelerated speed, to decrease the rate of removal of liquid from the monitored section of the separator in response to the detected corrected position of the liquid/gas interface. 18. A method of measuring liquid hydrocarbons produced by a well comprising: providing a well coupled to a first end of a flow line; providing a separator having an inlet coupled to a second end of the flow line, a liquid discharge connection and an interface sensor to generate a signal to a controller corresponding to the position of a liquid/gas interface in the separator; providing a pump coupled to a variable speed motor that receives a signal from the controller; coupling the liquid discharge connection to an inlet of the pump; coupling an outlet of the pump to a liquid gathering pipe; providing a pressure sensor to generate a signal to the controller corresponding to a pressure in the liquid gathering pipe intermediate the pump and the liquid gathering pipe; providing a back pressure control valve, intermediate the pump and the liquid gathering pipe, that receives a signal from the controller; providing a liquid flow meter intermediate the outlet of the pump and the back pressure control valve to measure the amount of liquid flowing from the separator; receiving at the controller a signal corresponding to an elevated position of a liquid/gas interface; generating a signal from the controller to the pump motor to increase the speed of the motor and the pump coupled thereto to increase the rate at which liquid flows from the separator through the liquid discharge connection and through the pump; receiving at the controller a signal corresponding to a corrected position of the liquid/gas interface; and adjusting the back pressure control valve towards a closed position in response to sensing a pressure in the liquid gathering pipe that is less than a set point pressure that is equal to a predetermined pressure interval plus the vapor pressure of the liquid to maintain the pressure of the liquid in the liquid meter above the vapor pressure of the liquid; wherein the adjusting of the back pressure control valve in the manner stated maintains the liquid in the portion of the liquid discharge pipe at a pressure sufficient to suppress the formation of bubbles to facilitate accurate measurement of the liquid removed from the separator. 19. The method of claim 18 wherein the liquid meter comprises at least one of: a turbine meter to measure volumetric flow; a positive displacement meter to measure volumetric flow; and a Coriolis meter to measure mass flow. 20. The method of claim 18 further comprising: providing a liquid sampler intermediate the outlet of the pump and the back pressure control valve to periodically obtain and store discrete samples of the liquid stream flowing through the liquid meter; wherein the adjustment of the back pressure control valve towards a closed position in response to sensing a pressure in the liquid gathering pipe that is less than the vapor pressure of the liquid maintains the pressure of the liquid in the liquid sampler above the vapor pressure of the liquid. 21. The method of claim 18 wherein the liquid meter, the pump and the pump motor are supported on a skid. 22. The method of claim 21 wherein the separator is supported on the skid. 23. The method of claim 21 further comprising: disposing a portion of the liquid gathering pipe adjacent to a skid support; and positioning the skid on the skid support. 24. The method of claim 22 further comprising: disposing a portion of the liquid gathering pipe adjacent to a skid support; disposing the second end of the flow line adjacent to the skid support; positioning the skid on the skid support. 25. The method of claim 19 further comprising: providing a densitometer intermediate the outlet of the pump and the back pressure control valve; and wherein the a liquid meter is a turbine meter. 26. The method of claim 19 further comprising: providing a densitometer intermediate the outlet of the pump and the back pressure control valve; and wherein the liquid meter is a positive displacement meter to measure volumetric flow. 27. The method of claim 19 further comprising: providing a liquid sampler intermediate the outlet of the pump and the back pressure control valve to periodically obtain and store discrete samples of the liquid stream flowing through the liquid meter; and wherein the liquid meter is a Coriolis mass flow meter. 28. The method of claim 18 further comprising: wherein the controller is a distributed controller comprising two or more separated controllers networked to perform a coordinated function. 29. The method of claim 18 further comprising: providing a first connection and a second connection on piping intermediate the outlet of the pump and the liquid gathering pipe to facilitate the coupling of a meter to prove the accuracy of measurements obtained using the liquid meter. 30. The method of claim 18 further comprising: providing a second pump, fluidically disposed in parallel with the first pump, and coupled to a second pump motor; and operating the second pump to facilitate the removal of liquid from the separator at rates above the capacity of the first pump. 31. A method for controlling the liquid/gas interface in a separator comprising the steps of: supporting a first separator with a first skid, the separator having at least an inlet flange, a gas discharge flange, a liquid discharge flange, and a liquid/gas interface sensor, and the skid further supporting an liquid pressure boost pump, a pump motor, an automated liquid sampler and a flow meter; providing a docking station comprising a well flow line pipe, a gas gathering pipe, an oil gathering pipe, each having a flange to facilitate connection to the inlet flange, the gas discharge flange and the oil discharge flange on the skid-supported separator; coupling the flow meter to the liquid discharge flange of the separator to receive and measure the mass flow rate of the liquid discharged from the separator through the liquid discharge flange; coupling the automated liquid sampler to the liquid discharge flange of the separator to facilitate the periodic removal and storage of samples of the liquid discharged from the separator through the liquid discharge flange; coupling the liquid pressure boost pump between the liquid discharge flange of the separator and the flow meter and also between the liquid discharge flange of the separator and the automated liquid sampler to boost the pressure of the liquid discharged from the separator prior to measurement of the flow rate and prior to the taking of samples of the liquid; positioning the skid on a skid support adjacent to the docking station; connecting the separator inlet flange to the well flow line pipe; connecting the separator gas discharge flange to the gas gathering pipe; connecting the separator liquid discharge flange to the liquid gathering pipe; receiving full well stream flow from a well through the well flow line pipe and the inlet flange; detecting an excessively elevated liquid/gas interface using the liquid/gas interface sensor; using the liquid/gas interface sensor to generate a signal to a controller; using the controller to generate a signal to a variable frequency drive; using a pump motor to operate the liquid pump at an increased speed based on the conditioned current sent by the variable frequency drive; and increasing the rate of removal of liquid from the separator through the liquid pump. 32. The method of claim 31 further comprising the steps: measuring the flow rate of liquid discharged from the separator liquid discharge flange and moving through the flow meter; recording the measurements made by the flow meter over a period of time; obtaining a plurality of liquid samples over the period of time using the automated liquid sampler; determining the average chemical composition of the liquid samples obtained using the automated liquid sampler; and using the mass flow rate data and data obtained from analysis of the liquid samples to determine the amount of and composition of the liquid produced by the well during the period of time. 33. The method of claim 31 wherein the pump motor is powered by a variable frequency drive. 34. The method of claim 31 wherein the pump motor is an electrically powered motor. 35. The method of claim 31 wherein the liquid pressure boost pump is a centrifugal pump. 36. The method of claim 31 wherein the liquid gathering pipe is connected to deliver the liquid discharged from the separator on the skid, measured by the flow meter on the skid and periodically sampled by the automated liquid sampler on the skid to a central conditioning facility. 37. The method of claim 36 wherein the central oil conditioning facility comprises: a plurality of pipes, each providing a liquid stream from a well; and a liquid stabilizer to remove lighter hydrocarbon components from an aggregated stream of liquid that includes the plurality of the liquid streams. 38. The method of claim 31 wherein the gas gathering pipe that receives the gas discharged through from the separator gas discharge flange is connected to deliver the gas to a central gas processing facility. 39. The method of claim 8 wherein the central gas processing facility comprises a plurality of pipes, each providing a gas stream from a well; and a gas scrubber to remove heavier hydrocarbon components from an aggregated stream of gas that includes the plurality of the gas streams. 40. A system comprising: a first skid supporting a first separator, a liquid pump, a pump motor coupled to the liquid pump, an automated liquid sampler, and a flow meter, the separator having a liquid/gas interface sensor, an inlet flange, a gas discharge flange and a liquid discharge flange thereon; a second skid supporting a second separator that is smaller in capacity than the first separator, a liquid pump, a pump motor coupled to the liquid pump, an automated liquid sampler, and a flow meter, the second separator having a liquid/gas interface sensor, an inlet flange, a gas discharge flange and a liquid discharge flange thereon; a docking station having a second end of a flow line connected at a first end to a producing well and having a flange at the second end to facilitate the connection of the well to the inlet flange of one of the first and second separators, a gas gathering pipe with a flange to facilitate connection to one of the gas discharge flanges of the first and second separators, a liquid gathering pipe with a flange to facilitate connection to the liquid discharge flanges of the first and second separators, and a skid support adjacent the docking station to receive and support one of the first skid and the second skid; a back pressure control valve fluidically coupled to dispose the flow meter and the automated liquid sampler intermediate the back pressure control valve and the liquid pump on one of the first and second skids; one or more controllers to receive a signal from the liquid/gas interface sensor of one of the first and second separators, to receive a signal from a pressure sensor disposed to detect a pressure in one of the separators on the first skid and the second skid, to receive a signal from a pressure sensor disposed to detect a pressure intermediate the liquid pump of one of the first and second skids and the back pressure control valve, to generate a speed control signal to one of the pump motors of the first and second skids, and to generate a positioning signal to the back pressure control valve; wherein the flange on the second end of the flow line, the flange on the gas gathering pipe and the flange on the liquid gathering pipe are positioned at the docking station to be coupled to the inlet flange, the gas discharge flange and the liquid discharge flange on the first separator, respectively, when the first skid is supported on the skid support, and to engage the inlet flange, the gas discharge flange and the liquid discharge flange on the second separator, respectively, when the second skid is supported on the skid support; wherein the controller maintains the liquid/gas interface position of one of the separators on the first and second skids within a predetermined range by increasing the speed of the pump motor on one of the first and second skids in response to the detection of an elevated liquid/gas interface position in one of the first and second separators, and by subsequently decreasing the speed of the pump motor in response to detection of an corrected liquid/gas interface position in the one of the first and second separators; and wherein the controller maintains the pressure intermediate the pump of one of the first and second skids and the back pressure control valve at a predetermined amount above the detected pressure in one of the separators on the first skid and the second skid. 41. The system of claim 40 wherein the controller maintains the liquid/gas interface position of one of the separators on the first and second skids within a predetermined range by generating a signal to a variable frequency drive coupled to a current source to condition a current to the pump motor on one of the first and second skids. 42. The system of claim 40 wherein the liquid pump is a centrifugal pump. 43. The system of claim 41 wherein the first separator on the first skid has a larger capacity than the second separator on the second skid. 44. The system of claim 40 wherein a gas discharge pipe is provided intermediate the gas discharge flange on one of the first and second separators and the gas gathering pipe flange of the docking station and a liquid discharge pipe is provided intermediate the liquid discharge flange on the one of the first and second separators and the liquid gathering pipe flange of the docking station when the one of the first and second separators is supported on the skid support. 45. A system comprising: a container of chemical agent; a chemical injection pump to receive the chemical agent from the container and to inject the chemical agent into a flow stream of liquid produced to the surface from a geologic formation; an electrically-powered positive displacement chemical injection pump motor to operate the chemical injection pump at a variable speed; a flow meter to detect the rate of flow of the liquid stream; a controller to receive a signal from the flow meter corresponding to the detected rate of flow of the liquid stream; and a current conditioning device to receive a current from a current source, to receive a signal from the controller corresponding to a current needed to obtain a targeted chemical agent concentration in the liquid flow stream, and to provide a conditioned current to the chemical injection pump motor to operate the chemical injection pump at a rate to provide the targeted chemical agent concentration. 46. The system of claim 45 wherein the current source is an alternating current electrical distribution grid. 47. The system of claim 45 wherein the chemical agent is one of an emulsion breaker, a scale inhibitor, a corrosion inhibitor, a paraffin inhibitor, and a friction reducer. 48. The system of claim 45 wherein the current conditioning device is a variable frequency drive. 49. The system of claim 45 wherein the current source is a bank of batteries. 50. The system of claim 49 wherein the batteries are coupled to one or more solar panels for being periodically recharged. 51. The system of claim 49 wherein the batteries are coupled to a generator for being periodically recharged; and wherein the controller monitors a charge level of the bank of batteries and automatically activates the generator upon detecting a low charge level. 52. The system of claim 51 wherein the generator is powered by gas discharged from a separator that provides the liquid flow stream. 