A method of monitoring a plurality of strings of a photovoltaic system connected to a power inverter includes measuring current values from individual strings to the power inverter; determining a reference current value from the measured current values; and standardizing the measured current values to the reference current value. The method further includes and analyzing the standardized current values of individual strings within representative time periods by comparison with comparison values established for the individual strings. Based on the analysis a failure of an individual string is ascertained.
Claims 1. A method of monitoring a plurality of strings of a photovoltaic system connected to a power inverter, the method comprising: measuring current values of currents which flow from each of the plurality of strings to the power inverter over a plurality of predetermined time periods each day; determining a reference current value from the measured current values for each of the plurality of predetermined time periods; standardizing the measured current values of each of the plurality of strings for each of the predetermined time periods using the determined reference current value; establishing comparison values for each of the plurality of strings using the standardized measured current values over a plurality of days; and analyzing a course of the standardized measured current values measured over a plurality of representative time periods each extending over a plurality of predetermined time periods using the established comparison values to ascertain whether an individual string of the plurality of strings exhibits a failure. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the step of analyzing further comprises: updating the established comparison values for each of the plurality of strings on a periodic basis using the standardized measured current values of each of the plurality of strings measured over the representative time periods such that a alteration in one direction of the standardized measured current values of the plurality of strings over a plurality of representative time periods results in an alteration in the same direction of the updated established comparison values; determining differences between the standardized measured current values measured over the representative time periods and the updated comparison values for each of the plurality of strings; calculating a sum of the differences determined for each string of the plurality of strings; comparing the sum calculated for each string of the plurality of strings with a limit value for the respective string; and indicating a failure of the respective string if the sum calculated for the respective string exceeds a limit value for the respective string. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the measured current values are selected from one of current amperages and current powers of the currents that flow from each string of the plurality of strings to the power inverter. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein the current values of the measured currents are selected from currents flowing at a measuring instant within each of the predetermined time period and currents flowing during the predetermined time periods. 5. The method of claim 2, wherein each difference determined for one string of the plurality of strings is standardized to the updated comparison value for that same one string of the plurality of strings prior to calculating the sum for that same one string. 6. The method of claim 2, further comprising deducting for each summand a predetermined value from the calculated sum for each string of the plurality of strings, in order to take into account statistical fluctuations in the measured current values. 7. The method of claim 2, wherein the calculated sum for each string of the plurality of strings is a weighted sum of the differences determined for the respective strings. 8. The method of claim 2, wherein weighting factors of positive differences increase with a previously calculated sum for each respective string. 9. The method of claim 7, wherein weighting factors of positive differences increase with a frequency of occurrence of large positive differences exceeding a difference limit value. 10. The method of claim 9, wherein the weighting factors of positive differences that have increased with the frequency of occurrence of large positive differences are reduced on the occurrence of a negative difference. 11. The method of claim 2, wherein the updated comparison value for each string of the plurality of strings is a weighted average value of the standardized current values for the respective string within prior representative time periods. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein weighting factors for newly added standardized current values are reduced with an increase of at least one of the following values: the difference determined for the respective standardized current value, the sum calculated for the respective standardized current value, and a number of large positive differences determined for the respective individual string within an observation period extending over a plurality of representative time periods. 13. The method of claim 11, wherein the representative time periods are selected from whole days, identical parts of whole days and pluralities of a fixed number of days. 14. The method of claim 1, further comprising: analyzing the standardized current values of each string of the plurality of strings over a course of a single day. 15. The method of claim 1, further comprising: analyzing voltages associated with each string of the plurality of strings that are standardized in a way corresponding to the standardization of the measured currents values of the respective strings. 16. The method of claim 1, wherein the determined reference current value for each string and each representative time period is selected from: a single value of the measured current values of the respective string measured over the respective representative time period, a single value of the measured current values measured over a representative time period directly preceding the respective representative time period, a median of the measured current values of the respective string measured over the respective representative time period, a median of the measured current values of the respective string measured over a representative time period directly preceding the respective representative time period, an average value of the measured current values of the respective string measured over the respective representative time period, and an average value of the measured current values of the respective string measured over a representative time period directly preceding the respective representative time period. 17. The method of claim 1, wherein the comparison value for each string of the plurality of strings is established as one of the following: a median of a plurality of standardized current values within a plurality of representative time periods, and an average of a plurality of standardized current values within a plurality of representative time periods. 18. The method of claim 1, wherein all steps of the method are carried out at a site of the power inverter. 