The present invention discloses a semiconductor optoelectronic converting system and the fabricating method thereof, the system comprises a supporting module, a heat pipe, a power converting module and a heat-dissipating plate module. The main features of the present invention are that the supporting module has an accommodating space for disposing the heat pipe, and wherein the supporting module and the heat pipe have a common surface for disposing the power converting module thereon. Furthermore, the present invention further decreases the heat resistant therebetween and improves the heat conducting rate and further capable of becoming a rechargeable self-sufficiency lighting system.
Claims 1. A semiconductor optoelectronic converting system, comprising: a supporting module, having an upper surface and an accommodating space; a heat pipe, having a first part, a second part, and an upper plane; and a power converting module, mounted on the supporting module for disposing the power converting module on the upper plane of the heat pipe; wherein, the first part is configured in the accommodating space, the second part is extended from the first part, and the upper plane is coplanar with the upper surface of the supporting module. 2. The semiconductor optoelectronic converting system of claim 1, wherein the supporting module comprises: a first lateral part, having a first surface; and a second lateral part, having a second surface; wherein, the first lateral part and the second lateral part form the accommodating space, and the upper surface of the supporting module comprises the first surface of the first lateral part and the second surface of the second lateral part. 3. The semiconductor optoelectronic converting system of claim 2, wherein the supporting module further comprises: a connecting part used for connecting the first lateral part with the second lateral part, having a third surface which is comprised in the upper surface of the supporting module, and the accommodating space is surrounded by the first lateral part, the second lateral part, and the connecting part. 4. The semiconductor optoelectronic convening system of claim 1, wherein the power converting module comprises: an object stage, having a top surface and a bottom surface, the top surface and the bottom surface having a first recession and a second recession respectively, and wherein the first recession and the second recession are connected with each other; a substrate comprising a bottom surface and a loading part, and embedded into the second recession; and a power converting element, configured on the loading part; wherein, the bottom surface of the object stage and the bottom surface of the substrate are coplanar in essence. 5. The semiconductor optoelectronic converting system of claim 4, wherein the power converting element is a light-emitting diode element or a solar cell component. 6. The semiconductor optoelectronic converting system of claim 1, wherein the power converting module and the supporting module comprise a plurality of corresponding through holes respectively, so as to fasten the power converting module to the supporting module with screws. 7. The semiconductor optoelectronic converting system of claim 1, further comprising: a heat-dissipating plate module which comprises an inner surface, an outer surface, and a plurality of cooling fins configured to extend outward from the outer surface of the heat-dissipating plate module, wherein the heat pipe is configured on the inner surface of the heat-dissipating plate module. 8. The semiconductor optoelectronic converting system of claim 7, wherein the heat-dissipating plate module has a plurality of concave holes, and the supporting module comprises a plurality of corresponding through holes, so as to fasten the supporting module to the inner surface of the heat-dissipating plate module with screws. 9. The semiconductor optoelectronic converting system of claim 7, further comprising a thermal insulation module configured between the first part of the heat pipe and the heat-dissipating plate module. 10. The semiconductor optoelectronic converting system of claim 1, wherein the second part of the heat pipe further comprises at least one bending portions. 11. The semiconductor optoelectronic converting system of claim 1, further comprising a fastening module which has a plurality of through holes for fastening the heat pipe to the inner surface of the heat-dissipating plate module. 12. The semiconductor optoelectronic converting system of claim 1, wherein there is a tin solder between the heat pipe and the supporting module for mounting the heat pipe in the accommodating space. 13. The semiconductor optoelectronic converting system of claim 1, further comprising a heat conduction phase-change material filling between the power converting module and the upper plane of the heat pipe. 14. A fabricating method for semiconductor optoelectronic converting system, comprising the following steps of: S1: preparing a supporting module having an upper surface and an accommodating space; S2: preparing a heat pipe having a first part, a second part, and an upper plane, the second part is extended from the first part; S3: mounting the heat pipe in the accommodating space of the supporting module; and S4: proceeding a planarization process on the upper plane of the heat pipe and the upper surface of the supporting module at the same time, so as to form a common surface. 15. The fabricating method of claim 14, wherein the step of mounting the heat pipe in the accommodating space further comprises: S31: providing a tin solder between the heat pipe and the supporting module; and S32: heating the tin solder to bond the heat pipe to the supporting module. 16. The fabricating method of claim 14, further comprising: S5: preparing a power converting module, wherein the power converting element is a light-emitting diode element or a solar cell component; and S6: fastening the power converting module to the supporting module, so as to configure the power converting module on the upper plane of the heat pipe. 