This invention relates to a method of controlling the light output of a solar-powered lighting device. The lighting device comprises a light source, a battery connected to the light source, a solar-power generator including a charger connected to the battery, and a control unit for performing the light output control. The method comprises:--charging the battery while solar-power is generated;--acquiring local day-light data;--repeatedly:--acquiring, at predetermined time intervals, local weather fore-cast data covering a predetermined time period, and determining a lighting output profile for the predetermined time period; and--driving the lighting device according to the lighting output profile, wherein said determining a lighting output profile comprises:--predicting a lighting demand for the predetermined time period on basis of first environment light data, which first environment light data comprises the local day-light data;--predicting a battery capacity for the predetermined time period on basis of a present energy storage level and second environment light data, which second environment light data comprises the weather forecast data and the local day-light data; and--determining the lighting output profile on basis of the lighting demand and the battery capacity under consideration of keeping the energy storage level above a predetermined minimum level during the predetermined time period.
Claims 1. A method of controlling the light output of a solar-powered lighting device comprising a light source, a battery connected to the light source, a solar-power generator including a charger connected to the battery, and a control unit for performing the light output control, comprising: charging the battery while solar-power is generated; acquiring local day-light data; repeatedly: acquiring, at predetermined time intervals, local weather forecast data covering a predetermined time period, and determining a lighting output profile for the predetermined time period; and driving the lighting device according to the lighting output profile, wherein said determining a lighting output profile comprises: predicting a lighting demand for the predetermined time period on basis of first environment light data, which first environment light data comprises the local day-light data; predicting a battery capacity for the predetermined time period on basis of a present energy storage level and second environment light data, which second environment light data comprises the weather forecast data and the local day-light data; and determining the lighting output profile on basis of the lighting demand and the battery capacity under consideration of keeping the energy storage level above a predetermined minimum level during the predetermined time period. 2. A method according to claim 1, wherein said first environment data comprises the weather forecast data. 3. A method according to claim 1, wherein said predetermined time period is several times as long as said predetermined time interval. 4. A method according to claim 1, wherein said determining a lighting output profile comprises determining a constant light output during a predicted demand of lighting. 5. A method according to claim 1, wherein the light source comprises at least one outdoor light source chosen from a group of outdoor light sources comprising street lighting, highway lighting, highway signal lighting and general outdoor lighting. 6. A method according to claim 1, wherein said local day-light data and said local weather forecast data is acquired over the Internet. 7. A method according to claim 1, further comprising at least one of remotely monitoring, over Internet, the performance of the solar-powered lighting device, and scheduling preventive maintenance. 8. A solar-powered lighting device comprising a light source, a battery connected to the light source, a solar-power generator including a charger connected to the battery, and a control unit for performing the light output control, wherein the solar-power generator is arranged to charge the battery while solar-power is generated, and wherein the control unit is arranged to: acquire local day-light data; and repeatedly: acquire, at predetermined time intervals, local weather forecast data covering a predetermined time period, and determine a lighting output profile for the predetermined time period; and drive the lighting device according to the lighting output profile, wherein the control unit is arranged to, in order to determine the lighting output profile: predict a lighting demand for the predetermined time period on basis of first environment light data, which first environment light data comprises the local day-light data; predict a battery capacity for the predetermined time period on basis of a present energy storage level and second environment light data, which second environment light data comprises the weather forecast data and the local day-light data; and determine the lighting output profile on basis of the lighting demand and the battery capacity under consideration of keeping the energy storage level above a predetermined minimum level during the predetermined time period. 9. A solar-powered lighting device according to claim 8, wherein said first environment data comprises the weather forecast data. 10. A solar-powered lighting device according to claim 8, wherein said predetermined time period is several times as long as said predetermined time interval. 11. A solar-powered lighting device according to claim 8, wherein the light source comprises at least one outdoor light source chosen from a group of light sources comprising street lighting, highway lighting, highway signal lighting and general outdoor lighting. 12. A solar-powered lighting device according to claim 8, wherein the light source comprises a sensor device, including an environment light level sensor. 13. A computer program product comprising a computer readable storage having stored therein computer program portions for performing a method of controlling light output of a solar-powered lighting device, comprising: acquiring local day-light data; repeatedly: acquiring, at predetermined time intervals, local weather forecast data covering a predetermined time period, and determining a lighting output profile for the predetermined time period; and driving a lighting device according to the lighting output profile, wherein said determining a lighting output profile comprises: predicting a lighting demand for the predetermined time period on basis of first environment light data, which first environment light data comprises the local day-light data; acquiring data about a present storage level of a battery; predicting a battery capacity for the predetermined time period on basis of the present energy storage level and second environment light data, which second environment light data comprises the weather forecast data and the local day-light data; and determining the lighting output profile on basis of the lighting demand and the battery capacity under consideration of keeping the energy storage level above a predetermined minimum level during the predetermined time period. 