A solar cell module rack for mounting a solar cell module (17) includes a first fixing member (43) mounted on and above a frame member (19) of the solar cell module (17), a horizontal cross-piece mounted on and below the frame member (19) of the solar cell module (17), and a bolt (45) configured to fasten the first fixing member (43) and the horizontal cross-piece together so that the first fixing member (43) and the horizontal cross-piece sandwich the frame member (19) of the solar cell module (17). The first fixing member (43) includes an abutment portion that abuts the frame member (19) of the solar cell module (17). The abutment portion of the first fixing member (43) includes a ring-shaped protrusion (43e) protruding toward the frame member (19) of the solar cell module (17).
Claims 1. A solar cell module rack for mounting a solar cell module including a frame, comprising: a fixing member mounted on and above the frame of the solar cell module; a rack member mounted on and below the frame of the solar cell module; and a fastening member configured to fasten the fixing member and the rack member together so that the fixing member and the rack member sandwich the frame of the solar cell module, wherein the fixing member includes an abutment portion that abuts the frame of the solar cell module, and the abutment portion of the fixing member includes a ring-shaped protrusion protruding toward the frame of the solar cell module. 2. The solar cell module rack according to claim 1, wherein the fixing member includes a perforated hole, and the ring-shaped protrusion is formed along a circumferential edge of the perforated hole. 3. The solar cell module rack according to claim 2, wherein the fixing member includes a through hole through which the fastening member is inserted, and the perforated hole is located around the through hole. 4. The solar cell module rack according to claim 2, wherein the fixing member includes a through hole through which the fastening member is inserted, and the through hole is the perforated hole. 5. The solar cell module rack according to claim 1, wherein the rack member is a cross-piece on which the frame of the solar cell module is mounted. 6. A solar cell module fixing member for fixing a solar cell module by pressing a frame of the solar cell module, wherein the fixing member includes an abutment portion that abuts the frame of the solar cell module, and the abutment portion of the fixing member includes a ring-shaped protrusion protruding toward the frame of the solar cell module. 7. The solar cell module fixing member according to claim 6, wherein the fixing member includes a perforated hole, and the ring-shaped protrusion is formed along a circumferential edge of the perforated hole. 8. A photovoltaic power generation system comprising: a solar cell module including a frame; and the solar cell module rack according to claim 1. 9. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 8, wherein there are a plurality of the solar cell modules, and the frames of the solar cell modules are each sandwiched and supported by the fixing member and the rack member. 10. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 8, wherein the fastening member fastens the fixing member and the rack member together with the ring-shaped protrusion of the fixing member digging into the frame of the solar cell module. 11. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 10, wherein the frame of the solar cell module is formed of a metal material covered with an insulating oxide film, the fixing member is formed of a conductive material, and the fastening member fastens the fixing member and the rack member together with the ring-shaped protrusion of the fixing member breaking the oxide film of the frame of the solar cell module to abut the metal material of the frame of the solar cell module. 12. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 11, wherein the metal material is made of aluminum or aluminum alloy, the insulating oxide film is a surface oxide film made of aluminum or aluminum alloy, and the conductive material is made of a plated steel plate or a steel plate. 13. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 11, wherein the fixing member is grounded. 