Fluid delivery systems and related structures and processes are provided, such as for use with water, treated water, and/or a cleaning solution, for any of cleaning, cooling or any combination thereof, for one or more solar panels in a power generation environment. Enhanced coatings are provided for the incident surface of solar panels, such as to avoid build up of dirt, scale, or other contaminants, and/or to improve cleaning performance. Reclamation, filtration, and reuse structures are preferably provided for the delivered fluid, and seal structures may preferably be implemented between adjoining panels, to minimize loss of the delivered water or cleaning solution. The fluid delivery system may preferably be linked to an automated control system, such as but not limited to integrated DMPPT modules and related systems.
Claims 1. A power generation system, comprising: a server; a plurality of power panels, each comprising a plurality of DC power cells, and a control module comprising input connections connected to the plurality of DC power cells, output connections, a signal processing circuit connected to the input connections and to the output connections, and a controller connected to the signal processing circuit, wherein the control module is configured to track one or more operating parameters for the corresponding power panel, and to send a data signal to the server, wherein the data signal corresponds to the tracked parameters; at least one inverter having input DC terminals, output AC terminals, and an inverter circuit connected to the input DC terminals and output AC terminals; and a delivery mechanism for distributing a liquid over the outer surface of at least a portion of the solar panels; and wherein the server is configured to monitor any of efficiency or temperature of one or more of the power panels based upon the received data signals, and to send a control signal to the delivery mechanism when any of the monitored efficiency is less than or equal to an efficiency setpoint, or the monitored temperature exceeds a temperature setpoint; and wherein the delivery mechanism is controllably activatible in response to the control signal. 2. The power generation system of claim 1, wherein the delivery mechanism is activated for any of cleaning or cooling of the solar panels. 3. The power generation system of claim 1, wherein the liquid comprises water. 4. The power generation system of claim 3, wherein the liquid further comprises a cleaning solution. 5. The power generation system of claim 1, wherein the solar panels have un upper incident surface for receiving incoming light, and wherein any of a hydrophilic layer or a hydrophobic layer is applied to the upper incident surface of one or more of the solar panels. 6. The power generation system of claim 5, wherein the hydrophilic layer comprises titanium oxide. 7. The power generation system of claim 5, wherein the hydrophobic layer comprises any of silicon oxide or a fluoropolymer. 8. The power generation system of claim 1, wherein the solar panels have un upper incident surface for receiving incoming light, and wherein an interference layer is applied to the upper incident surface of one or more of the solar panels to promote light penetration through the incident surface. 9. The power generation system of claim 1, wherein the tracked parameter comprises any of temperature, voltage, or power. 10. The power generation system of claim 1, further comprising: a recovery system for collecting and storing at least a portion of the distributed liquid. 11. The power generation system of claim 10, wherein the recovery system further comprises a filter for filtering the collected distributed liquid. 12. The power generation system of claim 1, further comprising: a seal located between at least two of the solar panels. 13. A liquid distribution system for a power generation system comprising a plurality of solar panels, comprising: a server; a delivery mechanism for distributing a liquid over the outer surface of at least a portion of the solar panels; a liquid delivery controller associated with the delivery mechanism; and a plurality of panel controllers, wherein each of the panel controllers is associated with a corresponding solar panel and is configured to track one or more operating parameters for the corresponding solar panel, and to send a data signal to the server, wherein the data signal corresponds to the tracked parameters; wherein the server is configured to monitor any of efficiency or temperature of one or more of the solar panels based upon the received. data signals, and to send a control signal to the liquid delivery controller when any of the monitored efficiency is less than or equal to an efficiency setpoint, or the monitored temperature exceeds a temperature setpoint; and wherein the liquid delivery controller is configured to activate the delivery mechanism in response to the control signal. 14. The liquid distribution system of claim 13, wherein the delivery mechanism is activated for any of cleaning or cooling of the solar panels. 15. The liquid distribution system of claim 13, wherein the liquid comprises water. 16. The liquid distribution system of claim 15, wherein the liquid further comprises a cleaning solution. 17. The liquid distribution system of claim 13, wherein the solar panels have un upper incident surface for receiving incoming light, and wherein any of a hydrophilic or hydrophobic layer is applied to the upper incident surface of one or more of the solar panels. 18. The liquid distribution system of claim 17, wherein the hydrophilic layer comprises titanium oxide. 19. The liquid distribution system of claim 17, wherein the hydrophobic layer comprises any of silicon oxide or a fluoropolymer. 20. The liquid distribution system of claim 13, wherein the solar panels have un upper incident surface for receiving incoming light, and wherein one or more of the solar panels further comprise an interference layer over the upper incident surface to promote light penetration toward the incident surface. 21. The liquid distribution system of claim 13, wherein the tracked parameters comprise any of temperature, voltage, or power. 22. The liquid distribution system of claim 13, further comprising: a recovery system for collecting and storing at least a portion of the distributed liquid. 23. The liquid distribution system of claim 22, wherein the recovery system further comprises a filter for filtering the collected distributed liquid. 24. A process for implemented for a solar panel system comprising a plurality of solar panels, the process comprising the steps of: providing a delivery mechanism for distributing a liquid over the outer surface of at least a portion of the solar panels; correspondingly tracking one or more operating parameters at each of the solar panels; sending data signals to a server from each of the corresponding solar panels, wherein the data signals correspond to the tracked parameters; monitoring at the server any of efficiency or temperature of one or more of the solar panels based upon the received data signals; sending a control signal from the server to the delivery mechanism when any of the monitored efficiency is less than or equal to an efficiency setpoint, or the monitored temperature exceeds a temperature setpoint; and controllably operating the delivery mechanism in response to the control signal. 25. The process of claim 24, wherein the delivery mechanism is activated for any of cleaning or cooling of the solar panels. 26. The process of claim 24, wherein the liquid comprises water. 27. The process of claim 26, wherein the liquid further comprises a cleaning solution. 28. The process of claim 24, wherein the solar panels have un upper incident surface for receiving incoming light, and wherein any of a hydrophilic or hydrophobic layer is applied to the upper incident surface of one or more of the solar panels. 29. The process of claim 24, wherein the solar panels have un upper incident surface for receiving incoming light, and wherein one or more of the solar panels further comprise an interference layer over the upper incident surface to promote light penetration toward the incident surface. 30. The process of claim 24, wherein the tracked parameters comprise any of temperature, voltage, or power. 