The instant invention is an electric machine/tractor particularly intended for farming, gardening and landscaping and is nonpolluting and self charging. The tractor accommodates standard farm implements and can supply electrical power to remote areas. To achieve these goals, the machine is comprised of a frame and wheels which are driven independently by hydraulic motors powered by a variable volume, hydrostatic pump that is driven in line, by an electric motor that also drives a hydraulic lift pump and a power-take-off shaft through belts. The hydrostatic pump is controlled by the operator for forward and reverse motion. The electric motor is powered by batteries and the batteries can be recharged by an on-board photoelectric panel. A combination charger/inverter is located aboard the tractor to charge the batteries from any 110V A.C. power outlet or generate 110V A.C. electrical power from the tractor.
Claims 1. An electric farm tractor, designed to use standard three-point or other farm implements, that will reduce air, ground and noise pollution and can provide electrical power to remote areas which has a frame wherein: the vehicle includes an electric motor; the vehicle includes batteries; the vehicle includes a photovoltaic panel or panels integrated in the canopy to provide electricity to recharge the batteries; the vehicle includes a two stage hydrostatic drive pump; the vehicle includes a hydraulic lift pump; the vehicle includes two hydraulic motors; the vehicle includes left and right drive wheels; the vehicle includes a steering wheel that guides the machine; the vehicle includes a category 1 three-point hitch; the vehicle includes a rear power-take-off (PTO) shaft; the vehicle includes a mid frame PTO shaft; the vehicle contains a mid frame hydraulic cylinder and a hitch to mount implements under the middle section of the frame; the vehicle includes an inverter to provide an A.C. (alternating current) electrical power outlet; the vehicle includes a charger to charge the batteries from an A.C. power source. 2. Vehicle of claim 1 containing an energy distribution module which strategically positions the structural and energy elements to efficiently distribute power between that required for ground motion and that required for lifting and powering attachments. 3. The structural configuration of claim 2 that couples the electric motor directly to the hydrostatic pump and strategically positions the two PTO shafts and auxiliary hydraulic pump to be driven by the same coupling via rotational energy connecting elements. 4. The module of claim 2 comprising a frame which contains two side plates that are solidly attached to, and supported by, four cross plates, the hydraulic reservoir, and the rear hitch. Said frame is detachable, self supporting and is connected to the tractor frame by bolts and/or welding. 5. The coupling method of claim 2 connecting the shafts of the motor (input) and hydrostatic drive pump (output) cushioned by a flexible substrate to minimize the effects of misalignment and vibration and with pulleys machined into each of the input and output halves of the coupling whereas they are independently secured on the opposing rotating shafts and drive their respective loads through belts to provide additional buffering from vibration and misalignment. 6. The power distribution module of claim 2 scaled up for larger vehicles and scaled down for smaller vehicles or walk-behind machines that can increase the work a person can accomplish in confined spaces or covered areas. 7. The power distribution module of claim 2 fitted with a backhoe, ditch digger, hole digger or any device that can perform work upon, in or above the ground. 