Methods and systems for powering auxiliary devices in photovoltaic (PV) systems address shortcomings of conventional PV systems by harvesting unused electricity generated by the PV system to power the auxiliary devices. The methods and systems use PV panel power that is below the PV system inverter's harvesting threshold to charge rechargeable batteries in the auxiliary devices. The invention offers significant advantages over conventional PV systems, including full-time operability of auxiliary devices by virtue of rechargeable batteries that are charged using below threshold PV panel power, reduced field maintenance requirements for auxiliary devices (e.g., battery pack replacement), and elimination of bias in PV system performance data caused by parasitic load of auxiliary devices.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic (PV) system, comprising: a PV panel array having one or more PV panels adapted to generate PV panel power; an inverter operatively coupled with the PV panel array and adapted to harvest PV panel power; and one or more auxiliary devices operatively coupled with the PV panel array and having one or more rechargeable batteries, wherein the auxiliary devices continually determine whether the inverter is harvesting PV panel power, wherein when the auxiliary devices determine that the inverter is harvesting PV panel power the auxiliary devices prevent harvesting of PV panel power by the auxiliary devices, and wherein when the auxiliary devices determine that the inverter is not harvesting PV panel power the auxiliary devices allow harvesting of PV panel power whereby the rechargeable batteries are charged. 2. The PV system of claim 1, wherein the auxiliary devices determine whether the inverter is harvesting PV panel power at least in part by analyzing a DC voltage supplied by the PV panel array. 3. The PV system of claim 1, wherein the auxiliary devices determine whether the inverter is harvesting PV panel power at least in part by analyzing a DC current flowing to the inverter. 4. The PV system of claim 1, wherein the auxiliary devices determine whether the inverter is harvesting PV panel power at least in part by analyzing AC power supplied by the inverter. 5. The PV system of claim 1, wherein the auxiliary devices determine whether the inverter is harvesting PV panel power at least in part by analyzing a feedback signal indicative of whether the inverter is harvesting PV panel power. 6. The PV system of claim 1, wherein the auxiliary devices comprise one or more PV system performance monitoring devices. 7. The PV system of claim 1, wherein the inverter harvests PV panel power at least in part by converting DC voltage supplied by the PV panel array into AC voltage and supplying the AC voltage to a power grid. 8. The PV system of claim 1, wherein the auxiliary devices harvest PV panel power at least in part by using DC voltage supplied by the PV panel array to charge the rechargeable batteries. 9. An auxiliary device for a PV system, comprising: a processor; and a rechargeable battery operatively coupled with the processor, wherein the rechargeable battery is charged using PV panel power, and wherein the processor continually determines whether an inverter of the PV system is harvesting PV panel power and regulates use of PV panel power to charge the rechargeable battery based at least in part on whether the inverter is harvesting PV panel power. 10. The auxiliary device of claim 9, wherein the processor prevents use of PV panel power to charge the rechargeable battery upon determining that the inverter is harvesting PV panel power. 11. The auxiliary device of claim 9, wherein the processor allows use of PV panel power to charge the rechargeable battery upon determining that the inverter is not harvesting PV panel power. 12. The auxiliary device of claim 9, wherein the determination comprises analyzing a DC voltage supplied by a PV panel. 13. The auxiliary device of claim 9, wherein the determination comprises analyzing a DC current flowing to the inverter. 14. The auxiliary device of claim 9, wherein the determination comprises analyzing AC power supplied by the inverter. 15. The auxiliary device of claim 9, wherein the determination comprises analyzing a feedback signal indicative of whether the inverter is harvesting PV panel power. 16. The auxiliary device of claim 9, wherein the processor further regulates use of the PV panel power to charge the rechargeable battery based at least in part on a comparison of a charge on the rechargeable battery with a critical low charge threshold. 17. The auxiliary device of claim 9, further comprising a wireless modem operatively coupled with the processor, wherein the processor receives via the wireless modem a feedback signal indicative of whether the inverter is harvesting PV panel power. 18. The auxiliary device of claim 9, further comprising sensor logic and a power switch operatively coupled with the processor, wherein the processor determines a connection state for the power switch based at least in part on a reading of PV panel power taken by the sensor logic. 19. The auxiliary device of claim 9, further comprising a wireless modem operatively coupled with the processor, wherein the processor reports via the wireless modem readings taken by the sensor logic. 20. A method for powering an auxiliary device in a PV system, comprising the steps of: continually determining by the auxiliary device whether an inverter of the PV system is harvesting PV panel power; and regulating use by the auxiliary device of the PV panel power to charge a rechargeable battery based at least in part on whether the inverter is harvesting PV panel power. 