Disclosed herein is a solar cell system. The solar cell system includes: a solar cell module configured of a single cell and converting solar light irradiated to the cell into electric energy; and a controller boosting voltage generated from the cell and storing the boosted voltage in a battery, differently controlling a level obtained by boosting the voltage of the cell according to a storage state of the battery, light quantity of solar light and external temperature, and limiting the boosted level to a voltage level or less corresponding to a maximum output point varied according to the light quantity and the external temperature. The solar cell system can obtain the maximum output regardless of the change in external temperature or light quantity of solar light, thereby making it possible to improve efficiency of the system.
Claims 1. A solar cell system, comprising: a solar cell module configured of a single cell and converting solar light irradiated to the cell into electric energy; and a controller boosting voltage generated from the cell and storing the boosted voltage in a battery, differently controlling a level obtained by boosting the voltage of the cell according to a storage state of the battery, light quantity of solar light and external temperature, and limiting the boosted level to a voltage level or less corresponding to a maximum output point varied according to the light quantity and the external temperature. 2. The solar cell system according to claim 1, wherein the controller presets a predetermined target voltage range in consideration of a change in the maximum output point according to a change in the external temperature and the light quantity and searches the maximum output point within the target voltage range. 3. The solar cell system according to claim 1, wherein the controller includes: a monitoring unit monitoring the storage state of the battery and transmitting the result thereof; a converter boosting and outputting the voltage of the cell according to the set boosting level; and a maximum output point searching unit controlling the boosted level according to the storage state of the battery, and the change in the light quantity and the external temperature, and limiting the boosted level to a voltage level or less corresponding to the maximum output point. 4. A solar cell system, comprising: a solar cell module configured of a single cell and converting solar light irradiated to the cell into electric energy; a converter boosting voltage of the cell to a boosting level and storing the boosted voltage in a battery; a monitoring unit monitoring the storage state of the battery and transmitting the result thereof; and a maximum output point searching unit controlling the boosted level according to the storage state of the battery, and the change in the light quantity of solar light and the external temperature, and limiting the boosted level to a voltage level or less corresponding to the maximum output point varied according to the light quantity and the external temperature. 5. The solar cell system according to claim 4, wherein the maximum output point searching unit presets a predetermined target voltage range in consideration of a change in the maximum output point according to the change in the external temperature and the light quantity and searches the maximum output point within the target voltage range. 