A mounting bracket (220) for a trapezoidal rib (204) is disclosed. The mounting bracket (220) includes an upper wall (224) in the form of a flat surface for supporting various types of attachments. An attachment may be secured relative to the mounting bracket (220) using a mounting hole (226) on the bracket upper wall (224). The bracket upper wall (224) is disposed above the trapezoidal rib (204) by a pair of rib offsetting members (246a/b) that are disposed within a hollow interior (248) of the mounting bracket (220), and that are seated on the upper wall (206) of the trapezoidal rib (204). A threaded fastener (114), engaged with the mounting hole (226) on the bracket upper wall (224) to secure an attachment relative to the mounting bracket (220), terminates within the hollow interior (248) of the mounting bracket (220).
Claims 1. A mounting bracket for trapezoidal rib panels, comprising: an upper wall comprising a mounting hole; first and second side legs that each extend downwardly from said upper wall in non-parallel relation to one another when said mounting bracket is positioned on a trapezoidal rib, said first side leg being disposable adjacent to a first side of a trapezoidal rib and said second side leg being disposable adjacent to a second side of a trapezoidal rib when said mounting bracket is positioned on a trapezoidal rib; at least one hollow space between said first and second side legs; and at least one rib offsetting member that is disposed within said at least one hollow space, that extends from at least one of said first and second legs, that is spaced from said upper wall, and that is engageable with an upper rib wall of a trapezoidal rib when said mounting bracket is positioned on a trapezoidal rib to offset said upper wall of said bracket from an upper rib wall of a trapezoidal rib. 2. A mounting bracket for trapezoidal rib panels, comprising: an upper wall comprising a mounting hole, wherein said upper wall defines an uppermost extreme of said mounting bracket when installed on a trapezoidal rib, wherein an entirety of said upper wall is in the form of a single flat surface that incorporates said mounting hole, and wherein said single flat surface has a perimeter that defines an area of at least 2.5 in..sup.2; first and second side legs that each extend downwardly from said upper wall in non-parallel relation to one another when said mounting bracket is positioned on a trapezoidal rib, said first side leg being disposable adjacent to a first side of a trapezoidal rib and said second side leg being disposable adjacent to a second side of a trapezoidal rib when said mounting bracket is positioned on a trapezoidal rib; at least one hollow space between said first and second side legs; and at least one rib offsetting member, wherein each said rib offsetting member offsets said upper wall of said bracket from an upper rib wall of a trapezoidal rib when said mounting bracket is positioned on a trapezoidal rib, and wherein said at least one hollow space comprises a first open space disposed directly below said upper wall having a vertical extent of at least 1/2 inch. 3. The mounting bracket of claim 2, wherein said at least one rib offsetting member is disposed within said at least one hollow space, extends from at least one of said first and second side legs, and is separated from said upper wall by said first open space. 4. The mounting bracket of claim 1, wherein said mounting bracket is of one-piece construction. 5. The mounting bracket of claim 1, wherein said mounting bracket comprises first and second open ends, wherein said upper wall extends between said first and second open ends, and wherein an entirety of said upper wall is in the form of a single flat surface that incorporates said mounting hole. 6. The mounting bracket of claim 5, wherein said single flat surface of said upper wall has a perimeter that defines an area of at least 2.5 in..sup.2. 7. The mounting bracket of claim 6, wherein said single flat surface is the only external surface of said mounting bracket that faces in a first direction. 8. The mounting bracket of claim 1, wherein said upper wall defines an uppermost extreme of said mounting bracket when positioned on a trapezoidal rib, wherein an entirety of said upper wall is in the form of a single flat surface that incorporates said mounting hole, and wherein said single flat surface has a perimeter that defines an area of at least 2.5 in..sup.2. 9. The mounting bracket of claim 1, wherein said first and second side legs are the mirror image of one another. 10. The mounting bracket of claim 1, wherein an inner surface of said first side leg comprises a first gasket pocket, and wherein an inner surface of said second side leg comprises a second gasket pocket. 11. The mounting bracket of claim 10, further comprising: a first gasket positioned within said first gasket pocket; and a second gasket positioned within said second gasket pocket. 12. The mounting bracket of claim 11, wherein said first gasket is confined within said first gasket pocket when said mounting bracket is installed on a trapezoidal rib, and wherein said second gasket is confined within said second gasket pocket when said mounting bracket is installed on a trapezoidal rib. 13. The mounting bracket of claim 10, wherein said inner surface of each of said first and second side legs comprises first and second projections that are spaced from one another and that extend along an entire length of said mounting bracket, wherein said first and second projections on said inner surface of said first side leg define said first gasket pocket, and wherein said first and second projections on said inner surface of said second side leg define said second gasket pocket. 14. The mounting bracket of claim 10, wherein said first side leg comprises at least one fastener hole that intersects with said first gasket pocket, and wherein said second side leg comprises at least one fastener hole that intersects with said second gasket pocket. 15. The mounting bracket of claim 14, wherein said first side leg comprises first and second fastener holes that intersect with said first gasket pocket, and wherein said second side leg comprises third and fourth fastener holes that intersect with said second gasket pocket. 16. The mounting bracket of claim 1, wherein at least part of said at least one hollow space is disposed directly beneath said upper wall. 17. The mounting bracket of claim 1, wherein said at least one rib offsetting member comprises a cross member that extends between said first and second side legs. 18. The mounting bracket of claim 17, wherein said at least one hollow space comprises a first open space between said upper wall and said cross member, wherein said at least one hollow space comprises a rib receptacle collectively defined by said cross member and said first and second side legs, and wherein said first open space and said rib receptacle are isolated from one another by said cross member. 19. The mounting bracket of claim 1, wherein said at least one rib offsetting member comprises first and second rib offsetting members, wherein said first offsetting member extends from said first side leg toward, but not to, said second side leg, and wherein said second rib offsetting member extends from said second side leg toward, but not to, said first side leg. 20. The mounting bracket of claim 19, wherein said least one hollow space comprises a first open space above said first and second rib offsetting members, a second open space defined by a space between said first and second rib offsetting members, and a third open space below said first and second rib offsetting members. 21. An attachment assembly comprising the mounting bracket of claim 1, and further comprising: a trapezoidal rib, wherein said mounting bracket is positioned on said trapezoidal rib such that said at least one rib offsetting member disposes said upper wall of said mounting bracket above and in spaced relation to said upper wall of said trapezoidal rib; an attachment; and an attachment fastener that extends at least into mounting hole on said upper wall of said mounting bracket, wherein said attachment is secured relative to said mounting bracket by said attachment fastener. 22. The attachment assembly of claim 21, further comprising: at least one fastener that secures said mounting bracket to said trapezoidal rib. 23. The attachment assembly of claim 22, wherein no said fastener extends through said upper wall of said mounting bracket. 24. The attachment assembly of claim 22, wherein each said fastener extends either through said first side leg or said second side leg of said mounting bracket and into engagement with said trapezoidal rib. 25. The attachment assembly of claim 22, wherein each said fastener terminates within a hollow interior of said trapezoidal rib. 26. A photovoltaic system, comprising: a mounting assembly comprising: a mounting bracket comprising an upper wall and an oppositely disposed bottom, said upper wall comprising a mounting hole, said bottom comprising a rib receptacle that is sized to receive at least an upper portion of a trapezoidal rib of a trapezoidal rib panel, and said rib receptacle being defined by first and second inner side surfaces that are disposed in non-parallel and spaced relation to one another; a mounting plate positioned on said upper wall of said mounting bracket; a clamping member comprising first and second clamping legs, said first clamping leg being engageable with a photovoltaic module and said second clamping leg being engageable with an adjacent photovoltaic module; and a clamp fastener that extends through said clamping member, then through said mounting plate, and then at least into said mounting hole of said mounting bracket. 27-58. (canceled) 