A wind turbine housing is provided for mounting to the roof of a building. The housing defines a Venturi pathway for collecting and accelerating wind to one or more rotors, which are coupled to one or more generators. The rotors are housed in the throat of the Venturi such that wind is accelerated to the rotors to maximize energy generation. The generators may be located within an upper chamber of the housing. The Venturi structure may be formed, in part, by the roof line of the building. A series of wind turbine housings may be mounted atop a single building and wired for use within the building, with excess power converted to AC and delivered to the associated power grid.
Claims 1. A roof-mounted venturi housing for use in directing wind to a rotor, the venturi housing comprising: a conduit for mounting to the roof of a building, the conduit defining a first cross sectional area for housing at least one rotor; and outwardly angled venturi surfaces extending from the conduit to form a conduit extension of enlarging cross sectional area, the conduit extension for collecting and accelerating wind to the conduit. 2. The roof-mounted venturi housing as in claim 1, further comprising an upper chamber above the conduit for housing one or more generators, the upper chamber continuous with the conduit to permit operative attachment of a rotor within the conduit to a generator within the upper chamber. 3. The roof-mounted venturi housing as in claim 2, wherein the upper chamber comprises an overhang surface, the overhang surface extending past the conduit extension to enhance acceleration of wind to the conduit. 4. The roof-mounted venturi housing as in claim 3, wherein a portion of the overhang surface is horizontal. 5. The roof-mounted venturi housing as in claim 1, wherein one or more of the venturi surfaces forming the conduit extension is a roof surface. 6. The roof-mounted venturi housing as in claim 1, wherein the conduit extension comprises venturi surfaces that are outwardly angled by 15 to 20 degrees from the conduit walls. 7. The roof-mounted venturi housing as in claim 1, wherein the conduit extension extends from the conduit to a distance at which the cross sectional area is at least two times greater than the cross sectional area of the conduit. 8. The roof-mounted venturi housing as in claim 1, wherein the conduit extension extends from the conduit to a distance at which the cross sectional area is at least four times greater than the cross sectional area of the conduit. 9. The roof-mounted venturi housing as in claim 1, further comprising a solar panel. 10. The roof-mounted venturi housing as in claim 1, wherein the conduit is of sufficient size to house a series of rotors. 11. The roof-mounted venturi housing as in claim 1, wherein the housing is of a modular nature such that several such housings may be adjacently mounted along a rooftop. 12. A roof-mounted power generation system for converting wind energy to electrical power, the system comprising: a lower chamber adapted for mounting to the roof of a building, the lower chamber comprising: a conduit defining a first cross sectional area, the conduit for housing at least one rotor; outwardly angled venturi surfaces extending from the conduit to form a conduit extension of enlarging cross sectional area, the conduit extension for collecting and accelerating wind to the conduit; at least one wind turbine rotor mountable within the conduit to drive rotation of an axle; and a generator for coupling to the axle to generate power upon rotation of the rotor by collected wind. 13. The roof-mounted power generation system as in claim 12, further comprising: an upper chamber attachable above the lower chamber, the upper chamber for housing the generator such that when the rotor is mounted within the conduit, the axle extends within the upper chamber for coupling to the generator. 14. A method for generating power comprising the steps of: providing a roof mountable venturi-like structure for collection and acceleration of wind; mounting the venturi-like structure to a rooftop; installing a rotor within the venturi; and coupling the rotor to a generator such that wind-driven operation of the rotor within the Venturi will cause power to be produced at the generator. 