A portable complex power supply apparatus includes a portable case in which a hand generator, a power input connection member, a power control circuit element, a power storage unit, and an output connector are disposed or contained. Thus, the portable complex power supply apparatus is capable of supplying electric power everywhere by manpower or a power generator connected therewith, storing the electric power, and outputting the electric power to an electrical device with varies kinds of power specifications, so as to provide convenience in supplying electric power.
Claims 1. A portable complex power supply apparatus comprising: a portable case; a hand generator provided with a shaking member provided on an outer portion of the portable case and having a hand power output terminal; a wind power input connection member provided on the portable case for connecting with a wind power generator; a power control circuit element including an input regulating circuit, a monitoring/switching circuit, and an output control circuit, the input regulating circuit being electrically connected with the hand power output terminal of the hand generator and the wind power input connection member to regulate the received electric power into an input power having a DC power form, the monitoring/switching circuit conducting or isolating the input power from the input regulating circuit to the output control circuit depending on the voltage and/or the current value of the input power, and the output control circuit regulating the input power into an output power having a DC or AC power form and adjusting the output power to have a predetermined voltage and current value; a power storage unit electrically connected between the monitoring/switching circuit and the output control circuit for storing the input power or discharging the electric power stored therein; and an output connector, electrically connected with the output control circuit, used for connecting with an electrical device to transmit the output power to the electrical device via the output connector. 2. The portable complex power supply apparatus as claimed in claim 1, further comprising an external operating unit, provided on the portable case, being electrically connected with the power control circuit element so as to operate the power control circuit element by the external operating unit. 3. The portable complex power supply apparatus as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a portable wind power generator including: a foldable stand; a wind fan means, disposed on the foldable stand, being rotatable by wind; a wind turbine means, disposed on the foldable stand, being rotatable by wind; a generator unit, disposed on the foldable stand, generating the electric power by means of rotation of the wind fan means and the wind turbine means; and a wind power output member, electrically connected with the generator unit, being used for connecting to the wind power input connection member. 4. The portable complex power supply apparatus as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a solar power input connection member, provided on the portable case, being electrically connected with the input regulating circuit. 5. The portable complex power supply apparatus as claimed in claim 4, further comprising a portable solar power generator including: a solar panel for generating the electric power by means of converting the energy light; a joint member provided with an end thereof connected to the solar panel and the other end thereof having one or more degrees of freedom related to said end; a fixing member connected to the other end of the joint member for fixing on an object; and a solar power output member, electrically connected with the solar panel, being used for connecting to the solar power input connection member. 6. The portable complex power supply apparatus as claimed in claim 4, further comprising a household power input connection member, provided on the portable case and electrically connected with the input regulating circuit, being used for receiving a household power. 7. The portable complex power supply apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the power storage unit is further connected with a storage monitoring/switching circuit which conducts or isolates the input power from the power control circuit element depending on the amount of the electric power stored in the power storage unit. 8. The portable complex power supply apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the output control circuit of the power control circuit element is further electrically connected with an inverter. 9. The portable complex power supply apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the output control circuit of the power control circuit element includes a voltage regulating circuit. 10. The portable complex power supply apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the power storage unit is a lithium-iron battery. 