The invention relates to a system for the dynamic regulation of a regenerative energy generation installation comprising a plurality of energy generation units. Said system has a signal input for receiving a pre-determined set value, a measuring device for measuring an actual value on an output of the energy generation installation, and a regulating device for regulating the energy generation units based on the set value and the measured actual value.
Claims 1. A system for regulating a regenerative energy generation installation having a plurality of energy generation units, comprising a signal input for receiving a pre-determined set value, a measuring device for measuring an actual value at an output of the energy generation installation, and a regulating device for tracking the actual value to the set value by regulating the individual energy generation units. 2. The system for dynamic regulation of a regenerative energy generation installation of claim 1, wherein the regulated variables are active power, reactive power, displacement factor, power factor, mains frequency and/or mains voltage. 3. The system for dynamic regulation of a regenerative energy generation installation of claim 1, wherein the regulating device processes additional measured values of the energy generation units. 4. The system for dynamic regulation of a regenerative energy generation installation of claim 1, comprising one or several interface units for different types of energy generation units. 5. The system for dynamic regulation of a regenerative energy generation installation of claim 1, wherein passive elements of the energy generation installation are taken into account for regulation. 6. The system for dynamic regulation of a regenerative energy generation installation of claim 1, comprising a signal output for information feedback to a superordinate system. 7. The system for dynamic regulation of a regenerative energy generation installation of claim 1, wherein the set value is received by a superordinate system. 8. The system for dynamic regulation of a regenerative energy generation installation of claim 1, wherein the regulating device comprises a PID controller. 9. A regenerative energy generation installation comprising a plurality of energy generation units, comprising a system for dynamic regulation of the energy generation installation according to claim 1. 10. The regenerative energy generation installation of claim 9, wherein the energy generation unit is an inverter or rectifier. 11. The regenerative energy generation installation of claim 9, comprising a photovoltaic energy generation installation. 12. A method for regulating a regenerative energy generation installation comprising a plurality of energy generation units, comprising: receiving a set value, measuring an actual value at an output of the energy generation installation, and regulating the individual energy generation units for regulating the actual value to set value. 13. The regulating method of claim 12, wherein the set value is received by a superordinate system. 14. The regulating method of claim 11, wherein information is sent to a superordinate system. 15. The regulating method of claim 12, wherein further measured values from the energy generation installation and/or external measured values are processed. 