A modular, environmentally friendly mobile fuel distribution station includes a fuel tank, a support structure having a plurality of legs for supporting an operation platform in an elevated position a predetermined distance above ground, an alternative power generation device, the alternative power generation device being one of a solar power generator and a wind power generator for providing primary power to the mobile fuel distribution station and a central platform operatively connected to at least two of the legs, the at least two of the legs bearing the weight of the central platform, wherein the fuel tank and the alternative power generation device are disposed on the operation platform.
Claims 1. A modular, environmentally friendly mobile fuel distribution station, comprising: a fuel tank disposed within a frame assembly; a control system for selectively permitting and monitoring a discharge of fuel from said mobile fuel distribution station; and a support structure having three rigid legs for supporting said fuel tank and frame assembly in an elevated position a predetermined distance above ground. 2. The modular, environmentally friendly mobile fuel distribution station according to claim 1, wherein: said legs are arranged beneath said fuel tank in a substantially triangular configuration. 3. The modular, environmentally friendly mobile fuel distribution station according to claim 1, wherein: said fuel is one of a gas and a liquid. 4. The modular, environmentally friendly mobile fuel distribution station according to claim 1, further comprising: an alternative power generation device, said alternative power generation device being one of a solar power generator and a wind power generator; and wherein said alternative power generator is supported by said legs to be in an elevated position in close association with said fuel tank. 5. The modular, environmentally friendly mobile fuel distribution station according to claim 1, further comprising: a hydrocarbon refining apparatus for selectively accepting primary hydrocarbon materials for cracking and refinement into secondary hydrocarbon materials. 6. The modular, environmentally friendly mobile fuel distribution station according to claim 5, wherein: said hydrocarbon refining apparatus is supported by said legs to be in an elevated position in close association with said fuel tank. 7. The modular, environmentally friendly mobile fuel distribution station according to claim 6, wherein: said primary hydrocarbon material is natural gas received from said fuel tank; and wherein said secondary hydrocarbon material is hydrogen gas suitable for vehicle use. 8. The modular, environmentally friendly mobile fuel distribution station according to claim 1, further comprising: a natural gas compression apparatus for compressing natural gas so as to be suitable for vehicle use. 9. The modular, environmentally friendly mobile fuel distribution station according to claim 1, wherein: said control system monitors at least one parameter of said fuel tank and controls said mobile fuel distribution station from a remote location in dependence upon said at least one parameter. 10. The modular, environmentally friendly mobile fuel distribution station according to claim 1, further comprising: an armored skin configured about said fuel tank. 11. The modular, environmentally friendly mobile fuel distribution station according to claim 1, further comprising: an armored skin configured about said fuel tank, said armored skin being affixed to said frame assembly. 12. The modular, environmentally friendly mobile fuel distribution station according to claim 4, further comprising: an armored skin configured about said fuel tank and said alternative power generation device. 13. The modular, environmentally friendly mobile fuel distribution station according to claim 6, further comprising: an armored skin configured about said fuel tank and said hydrocarbon refining apparatus. 14. The modular, environmentally friendly mobile fuel distribution station according to claim 1, further comprising: a wheel assembly affixed to each of said legs, said wheel assembly being selectively engaged to elevate said legs and facilitate movement of said mobile fuel distribution station. 15. The modular, environmentally friendly mobile fuel distribution station according to claim 1, further comprising: a central platform operatively connected to at least two of said legs, said legs bearing the weight of said central platform. 16. The modular, environmentally friendly mobile fuel distribution station according to claim 13, further comprising: a central platform operatively connected to at least two of said legs, said legs bearing the weight of said central platform such that engagement of said wheel assembly for each of said legs enables movement of said central platform and said mobile fuel distribution station. 17. The modular, environmentally friendly mobile fuel distribution station according to claim 1, wherein: said fuel tank distributes a weight of said elevated fuel tank and said frame assembly through walls of said fuel tank, and through said legs. 18. The modular, environmentally friendly mobile fuel distribution station according to claim 4, wherein: said fuel tank distributes a weight of said elevated fuel tank, said frame assembly and said alternative fuel generator through walls of said fuel tank, and through said legs. 19. The modular, environmentally friendly mobile fuel distribution station according to claim 6, wherein: said fuel tank distributes a weight of said elevated fuel tank, said frame assembly and said hydrocarbon refining apparatus through walls of said fuel tank, and through said legs. 20. The modular, environmentally friendly mobile fuel distribution station according to claim 1, wherein: said legs include armored walls. 21. The modular, environmentally friendly mobile fuel distribution station according to claim 1, wherein: said fuel is methanol. 22. A modular, environmentally friendly mobile fuel distribution station, comprising: a fuel tank; a control system for selectively permitting and monitoring a discharge of fuel from said mobile fuel distribution station; a support structure for supporting an operation platform in an elevated position a predetermined distance above ground, said operation platform housing said fuel tank; and wherein said fuel tank is affixed to said operation platform such that a weight of said operation platform is distributed through said fuel tank and into said support structure. 23. A modular, environmentally friendly mobile fuel distribution station, comprising: a fuel tank; a control system for selectively permitting and monitoring a discharge of fuel from said mobile fuel distribution station; an alternative power generation device, said alternative power generation device being one of a solar power generator and a wind power generator for providing primary power to said mobile fuel distribution station; and a support structure for supporting an operation platform in an elevated position a predetermined distance above ground, said operation platform housing said fuel tank and said alternative power generation device. 24. A modular, environmentally friendly mobile fuel distribution station, comprising: a fuel tank; a control system for selectively permitting and monitoring a discharge of fuel from said mobile fuel distribution station; a hydrocarbon refining apparatus for selectively accepting primary hydrocarbon materials for cracking and refinement into secondary hydrocarbon materials; and a support structure for supporting an operation platform in an elevated position a predetermined distance above ground, said operation platform housing said fuel tank and said hydrocarbon refining apparatus. 25. The modular, environmentally friendly mobile fuel distribution station according to claim 24, wherein: said primary hydrocarbon material is natural gas received from said fuel tank; and wherein said secondary hydrocarbon material is hydrogen gas suitable for vehicle use. 26. The modular, environmentally friendly mobile fuel distribution station according to claim 24, further comprising: a natural gas compression apparatus for compressing natural gas so as to be suitable for vehicle use, said natural gas compression apparatus being housed by said operation platform. 27. A modular, environmentally friendly mobile fuel distribution station, comprising: a fuel tank; a control system for selectively permitting and monitoring a discharge of fuel from said mobile fuel distribution station; a support structure for supporting an operation platform in an elevated position a predetermined distance above ground, said operation platform housing said fuel tank; and a wheel assembly affixed to said support structure and being capable of elevating said mobile fuel distribution station to facilitate movement of said mobile fuel distribution station via said wheel assembly. 28. The modular, environmentally friendly mobile fuel distribution station according to claim 27, wherein: said support structure includes three legs arranged in a substantially triangular configuration. 29. The modular, environmentally friendly mobile fuel distribution station according to claim 27, further comprising: an alternative power generation device, said alternative power generation device being one of a solar power generator and a wind power generator for providing primary power to said mobile fuel distribution station; and wherein said alternative power generation device is disposed on said operation platform in close associate with said fuel tank. 30. The modular, environmentally friendly mobile fuel distribution station according to claim 27, further comprising: a hydrocarbon refining apparatus for selectively accepting primary hydrocarbon materials for cracking and refinement into secondary hydrocarbon materials; and wherein said fuel tank and said hydrocarbon refining apparatus are disposed on said operation platform. 31. The modular, environmentally friendly mobile fuel distribution station according to claim 30, wherein: said primary hydrocarbon material is natural gas received from said fuel tank; and wherein said secondary hydrocarbon material is hydrogen gas suitable for vehicle use. 32. The modular, environmentally friendly mobile fuel distribution station according to claim 27, further comprising: a natural gas compression apparatus for compressing natural gas so as to be suitable for vehicle use; and wherein said natural gas compression apparatus is disposed on said operation platform. 33. The modular, environmentally friendly mobile fuel distribution station according to claim 29, further comprising: a hydrocarbon refining apparatus for selectively accepting primary hydrocarbon materials for cracking and refinement into secondary hydrocarbon materials; and wherein said hydrocarbon refining apparatus is disposed on said operation platform. 34. The modular, environmentally friendly mobile fuel distribution station according to claim 27, wherein: said fuel tank is affixed to said operation platform such that a weight of said operation platform is distributed through said fuel tank and into said support structure. 35. The modular, environmentally friendly mobile fuel distribution station according to claim 27, wherein: said control system monitors at least one parameter of said fuel tank and controls said mobile fuel distribution station from a remote location in dependence upon said at least one parameter. 36. The modular, environmentally friendly mobile fuel distribution station according to claim 27, wherein: said operation platform includes releasably affixed armored panels. 37. The modular, environmentally friendly mobile fuel distribution station according to claim 28, further comprising: a central platform operatively connected to at least two of said legs, said legs bearing the weight of said central platform. 38. The modular, environmentally friendly mobile fuel distribution station according to claim 27, wherein: said fuel is methanol. 39. A modular, environmentally friendly mobile fuel distribution station, comprising: a fuel tank; a control system for selectively permitting and monitoring a discharge of fuel from said mobile fuel distribution station; a natural gas compression apparatus for compressing natural gas so as to be suitable for vehicle use; and a support structure for supporting an operation platform in an elevated position a predetermined distance above ground, said operation platform housing said fuel tank and said natural gas compression apparatus. 40. A modular, environmentally friendly mobile fuel distribution station, comprising: a fuel tank; a control system for monitoring at least one parameter of said fuel tank and controlling said mobile fuel distribution station from a remote location in dependence upon said at least one parameter; a support structure having a plurality of legs for supporting an operation platform in an elevated position a predetermined distance above ground; an alternative power generation device, said alternative power generation device being one of a solar power generator and a wind power generator for providing primary power to said mobile fuel distribution station; a natural gas compression apparatus for compressing natural gas so as to be suitable for vehicle use; a wheel assembly affixed to said support structure and being capable of supporting said mobile fuel distribution station to facilitate movement of said mobile fuel distribution station via said wheel assembly; a central platform operatively connected to at least two of said legs, said at least two of said legs bearing the weight of said central platform; and wherein said fuel tank, said alternative power generation device and said natural gas compression apparatus are disposed on said operation platform. 