A shingle having butt and tab portions is provided, wherein the tab portions are exposed when applied to a roof, and wherein active photovoltaic element(s) appear on portions only of the tab portions of the shingles, wherein adjacent zones of the tab portions of the shingles to which the photovoltaic element(s) are applied are free of active photovoltaic elements. The shingles are applied to a roof or a major portion of a roof, laid up in courses so that exposed tab portions of next-overlying courses cover unexposed butt portions of next-underlying courses, leaving photovoltaic elements exposed. In an array of shingles on a roof, the photovoltaic elements are distributed substantially uniformally. The surface ornamentation of the exposed surfaces of the photovoltaic elements may be either complementary to the exposed surfaces of the shingles not having photovoltaic elements thereon, or may blend with such zones not having photovoltaic elements thereon.
Claims 1. A shingle comprising at least one layer of shingle material; the shingle material having top and bottom surfaces, upper and lower edges defining the shingle height, and right and left edges defining the shingle width; the shingle having a butt portion extending from the upper edge toward the lower edge and between the right and left edges and being adapted to be substantially covered when installed on a roof; the shingle having a tab portion extending from the lower edge toward the upper edge and between the right and left edges and being adapted to be substantially exposed when installed on a roof; the top surface of the tab portion of the shingle having a plurality of visually distinct zones serially arranged between said right and left edges; said visually distinct zones comprising at least one of (i) zones of different material thicknesses; (ii) zones of different numbers of layers of shingle material; (iii) zones of different numbers of overlay; (iv) zones of different colors; (v) zones of different combinations of colors; (vi) zones of different surface ornamentation; (vii) combinations of any of (i) through (vi) above; wherein at least one said zone includes an active photovoltaic element of predetermined height and width; wherein said at least one zone that includes an active photovoltaic element having any zones that are adjacent thereto being free of an active photovoltaic element; and with the aggregate area of the total number of the at least one photovoltaic element on the tab portion of the shingle being less than half the tab portion area of the shingle. 2. The shingle of claim 1, wherein the visually distinct zones comprise zones of different material thicknesses. 3. The shingle of claim 1, wherein the visually distinct zones comprise zones of different numbers of layers of shingle material. 4. The shingle of claim 1, wherein the visually distinct zones comprise zones of different numbers of overlay. 5. The shingle of claim 1, wherein the visually distinct zones comprise zones of different colors. 6. The shingle of claim 1, wherein the visually distinct zones comprise zones of different combinations of colors. 7. The shingle of claim 1, wherein the visually distinct zones comprise zones of different surface ornamentation. 8. The shingle of claim 1, wherein the tab portion of the shingle comprises a plurality of spaced-apart tabs separated by slots between tabs, and wherein a photovoltaic element substantially covers a said tab. 9. The shingle of claim 1, wherein the shingle includes at least one laminated layer of shingle material disposed on top of at least a tab portion of the at least one layer of shingle material; and wherein said photovoltaic element is on the tab portion of the at least one laminated layer of shingle material. 10. The shingle of claim 1, wherein the shingle includes at least one overlay disposed on top of at least a tab portion of the at least one layer of shingle material; and wherein said photovoltaic element is on the tab portion of the at least one overlay. 11. A roof having an array of shingles according to claim 1, wherein the shingles are disposed on a sloped roof in lapped relation, in a plurality of courses, with successive courses of shingles of an overlying course having its tab portions overlying butt portions of the shingles of a next-underlying course; with the active photovoltaic elements of the shingles being distributed substantially uniformly over a major portion of a roof to which they are applied. 12. A roof according to claim 11, with the active photovoltaic elements of the shingles being distributed substantially uniformly over substantially the entire roof to which they are applied. 13. A roof according to claim 11, wherein the zones of the shingles having active photovoltaic elements thereon visually complement the visually distinct zones of the shingles not having active photovoltaic elements thereon. 14. A roof according to claim 11, wherein the zones of the shingles having active photovoltaic elements thereon visually blend with the visually distinct zones of the shingles not having active photovoltaic elements thereon. 15. A roof according to claim 11, where the active photovoltaic elements in the array are electrically interconnected via a plurality of electrical connections. 16. A roof according to claim 15, including an inverter, to which the photovoltaic elements are connected, and a breaker box, to which the inverter is electrically connected. 17. A roof comprising a plurality of shingles, wherein the shingles are disposed on a sloped roof in lapped relation, in a plurality of courses, with successive courses of shingles of an overlying course having its tab portions overlying butt portions of the shingles of a next-underlying course, with at least some of said shingles comprising: (i) zones of different material thicknesses; (ii) zones of different numbers of layers of shingle material; (iii) zones of different numbers of overlay; (iv) zones of different colors; (v) zones of different combinations of colors; (vi) zones of different surface ornamentation; (vii) combinations of any of (i) through (vi) above; wherein at least one said zone includes an active photovoltaic element of predetermined height and width; wherein said at least one zone that includes an active photovoltaic element having any zones that are adjacent thereto being free of an active photovoltaic element; and with the aggregate width of the total number of the at least one photovoltaic element or the tab portion of the shingle being less than half the shingle width. 18. A method of making a shingle, comprising the steps of providing at least one layer of shingle material having top and bottom surfaces, upper and lower edges defining the shingle height, and right and left edges defining the shingle width; with the shingle having a butt portion extending from the upper edge toward the lower edge and between the right and left edges and being adapted to be substantially covered when installed on a roof; with the shingle having a tab portion extending from the lower edge toward the upper edge and between the right and left edges and being adapted to be substantially exposed when installed on a roof; with the top surface of the tab portion of the shingle having a plurality of visually distinct zones; arranging the visually distinct zones serially between right and left edges of the shingle; with the visually distinct zones comprising at least one of; (i) zones of different material thicknesses; (ii) zones of different numbers of layers of shingle material; (iii) zones of different numbers of overlay; (iv) zones of different colors; (v) zones of different combinations of colors; (vi) zones of different surface ornamentation; (vii) combinations of any of (i) through (vi) above; including the step of providing at least one said zone with an active photovoltaic element of predetermined height and width; wherein the at least one zone that includes an active photovoltaic element having any zones that are adjacent thereto being free of an active photovoltaic element; and with the aggregate width of the total number of the at least one photovoltaic element of the shingle being less than half the shingle width. 19. A method of making a roof in accordance with claim 11. 20. A method of making a shingle in accordance with claim 1. 