An emergency beacon includes a housing with a first open space and a second open space. A battery and electronics circuitry are received in the housing. The electronics circuitry includes an r.f. illumination control circuit and a power supply circuit. The r.f. illumination control circuit is configured to receive an r.f. activation signal. A solar panel is electrically coupled to the power supply circuit for charging the battery. A first closure member is received to close the first open space of the housing. A second closure member is received to close the second open space of the housing. A beacon light source is mounted to the second closure member. The r.f. illumination control circuit is configured to activate the beacon light source to emit light upon receiving the r.f. activation signal.
Claims 1. An emergency beacon, comprising: a housing having a first end, a second end, and a side wall extending between the first end and the second end, said housing having a first open space adjacent said first end and a second open space adjacent said second end; a battery received in said housing; electronics circuitry received in said housing, said electronics circuitry being electrically coupled to said battery, said electronics circuitry including an r.f. illumination control circuit and a power supply circuit, said r.f. illumination control circuit being configured to receive an r.f. activation signal; a solar panel electrically coupled to said power supply circuit for charging said battery; a first closure member received at said first end to close said first open space of said housing; a second closure member received at said second end to close said second open space of said housing; and a beacon light source mounted to said second closure member, said second closure member being configured to facilitate an electrical connection between said beacon light source and said r.f. illumination control circuit, said r.f. illumination control circuit being configured to activate said beacon light source to emit light upon receiving said r.f. activation signal. 2. The emergency beacon of claim 1, wherein said first open space is separated from said second open space by a separator wall, said battery being mounted in said first open space and said electronics circuitry being mounted in said second open space, said battery being accessed by removing said first closure member from said housing and said electronics circuitry being accessed by removing said second closure member from said housing. 3. The emergency beacon of claim 1, wherein said first closure member is configured to serve as a base support for mounting said emergency beacon to a secondary structure. 4. The emergency beacon of claim 1, wherein said second closure member includes a base and a transparent cover coupled to said base to define a beacon chamber between said base and said transparent cover, said beacon light source being mounted in said beacon chamber. 5. The emergency beacon of claim 1, further comprising a mounting bracket attached to said side wall for mounting said emergency beacon to a secondary structure. 6. The emergency beacon of claim 1, further comprising a wireless remote control transmitter, said wireless remote control transmitter and said r.f. illumination control circuit being configured to operate on a predetermined frequency, said wireless remote control transmitter generating said r.f. activation signal. 7. The emergency beacon of claim 1, wherein said beacon light source is a stationary multifaceted LED array controlled by said r.f. illumination control circuit to provide a pulsating light output appearance to a human observer. 8. The emergency beacon of claim 1, wherein said beacon light source is a rotating light source controlled by said r.f. illumination control circuit to provide a pulsating light output appearance to a human observer. 9. The emergency beacon of claim 1, wherein said first end of said housing is connected to said first closure member by a first threaded coupling and said second end of said housing is connected to said second closure member by a second threaded coupling, and further comprising a first sealing member interposed between said first end of said housing and said first closure member, and a second sealing member interposed between said second end of said housing and said second closure member. 10. The emergency beacon of claim 1, wherein said side wall is a cylindrical tube, and each of said side wall, said first closure member and said second closure member are comprised of a UV resistant PVC material. 11. An emergency evacuation beacon system for use along a predetermined evacuation route during an evacuation of a geographic region, comprising a plurality of r.f. controlled emergency beacons located along said predetermined evacuation route, each emergency beacon having a respective beacon light source, each emergency beacon of said plurality of r.f. controlled emergency beacons being responsive to an activation signal on a particular predetermined radio frequency to activate said respective beacon light source, and at least two emergency beacons of said plurality of r.f. controlled emergency beacons responding to the same predetermined radio frequency. 12. The emergency evacuation beacon system of claim 11, wherein each of at least a portion of said plurality of r.f. controlled emergency beacons is located at a respective road intersection along said predetermined evacuation route. 13. The emergency evacuation beacon system of claim 11, wherein all of said plurality of r.f. controlled emergency beacons are controlled for actuation by responding to the same predetermined radio frequency. 14. The emergency evacuation beacon system of claim 11, wherein said plurality of r.f. controlled emergency beacons are distributed among a plurality of towns, wherein at least a first wireless remote control transmitter is configured to activate at least a portion of said plurality of r.f. controlled emergency beacons in an emergency evacuation situation. 15. The emergency evacuation beacon system of claim 14, wherein said first wireless remote control transmitter is configured to activate each of said plurality of r.f. controlled emergency beacons. 16. The emergency evacuation beacon system of claim 14, wherein said first wireless remote control transmitter is one of a plurality of wireless remote control transmitters, and each of a plurality of officials has access to at least one wireless remote control transmitter of said plurality of wireless remote control transmitters, wherein said plurality of wireless remote control transmitters are configured to cumulatively activate each of said plurality of r.f. controlled emergency beacons in an emergency evacuation situation. 17. The emergency evacuation beacon system of claim 16, wherein said plurality of officials include at least two people selected from at least one of a police department, a fire department, a mayor's office, and the Coast Guard. 18. The emergency evacuation beacon system of claim 11, wherein each of said plurality of r.f. controlled emergency beacons is mounted on an elevated structure. 19. The emergency evacuation beacon system of claim 11, wherein each emergency beacon of said plurality of r.f. controlled emergency beacons includes: a waterproof housing; a rechargeable battery received in said housing; electronics circuitry received in said housing, said electronics circuitry being electrically coupled to said rechargeable battery, said electronics circuitry including an r.f. illumination control circuit, said r.f. illumination control circuit being configured to receive an r.f. activation signal; and a beacon light source mounted to housing, said beacon light source being electrically coupled to said r.f. illumination control circuit, said r.f. illumination control circuit being configured to activate said beacon light source to emit light upon receiving said r.f. activation signal. 20. An emergency beacon with remote control, comprising: a housing; a rechargeable battery received in said housing; electronics circuitry received in said housing, said electronics circuitry including a power supply circuit and an r.f. illumination control circuit, said power supply circuit being electrically coupled to said rechargeable battery, and said r.f. illumination control circuit being configured to receive an r.f. activation signal; a solar panel mounted to an exterior surface of said housing, said solar panel being electrically coupled to said power supply circuit for charging said battery; a beacon light source mounted to said housing, said beacon light source being electrically coupled to said r.f. illumination control circuit, said r.f. illumination control circuit being configured to activate said beacon light source to emit light upon receiving said r.f. activation signal; and a wireless remote control transmitter configured to generate said r.f. activation signal, said wireless remote control transmitter being configured to communicate said r.f. activation signal to said r.f. illumination control circuit on a predetermined frequency. 