An automatic banking machine operates responsive to data read from data bearing records corresponding to authorized user or financial account data. The machine includes a card reader for reading data from user cards. The automated banking machine causes financial transfers related to financial accounts that correspond to data read from user cards. The automated banking machine also includes devices that control the supply of power to included devices to avoid exceeding power supply capacity.
Claims 1. Apparatus comprising: an automated banking machine that operates to cause financial transfers responsive at least in part to data read from data bearing records, including a card reader, wherein the card reader is operative to read card data from user cards, wherein the card data corresponds to financial accounts, a display, a receipt printer, a cash dispenser, at least one terminal processor, wherein the at least one terminal processor is in operative communication with the card reader, the display, the receipt printer, and the cash dispenser, wherein the at least one terminal processor is operative in carrying out a financial transaction to cause user card data to be read from a user card through operation of the card reader, a determination to be made that the user card data corresponds to a financial account authorized to have the transaction conducted through operation of the machine, the cash dispenser to dispense cash responsive at least in part to the determination, the financial account to be assessed a value corresponding to the dispensed cash, receipt printer produce a receipt corresponding to the value, at least one power control processor, a plurality of power sources including at least one battery, wherein each of the plurality of power sources is in operative connection with the at least one power control processor, wherein the at least one power control processor is operative during the transaction to cause power to be delivered to the cash dispenser from the at least one battery, and power to be delivered to at least one of the card reader, the display and the receipt printer from at least one power source other than the battery. 2. The apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the plurality of power sources include a battery charger operative to provide electrical power. 3. The apparatus according to claim 2 wherein the at least one power control processor is operative to cause the at least one battery to be charged by power supplied by the battery charger. 4. The apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the at least one power control processor is operative to further determine power currently available from each of a plurality of power sources other than the battery, and to cause power to be delivered to the at least one of the card reader, the display, and the receipt printer from the power source other than the battery responsive to the further determination. 5. The apparatus according to claim 3 wherein the plurality of power sources further include a solar panel, wherein power is delivered to the at least one of the card reader, the display and the receipt printer from the solar panel. 6. The apparatus according to claim 5 and further comprising: a power supply, wherein the power supply is operative responsive to the at least one power control processor to selectively cause power from each of the plurality of power sources to be selectively delivered to each of the cash dispenser, the card reader, the display and the receipt printer. 7. The apparatus according to claim 6 and further comprising: a keypad, wherein the keypad is in operative connection with the at least one terminal processor and the at least one power control processor, wherein during the transaction the cash dispenser operates at least in part to at least one input received through the keypad, wherein during the transaction the at least one power control processor is operative to selectively deliver power to the keypad from at least one power source other than the at least one battery. 8. The apparatus according to claim 6 wherein during the transaction, the at least one power control processor is operative to determine (a) at least one amount of power required to operate at least one of the display, the card reader and the receipt printer, and (b) power currently available from each of the power sources other than the battery wherein the at least one power control processor is operative to cause power to be delivered to the at least one of the card reader, the display and the receipt printer responsive at least in part to at least one of the (a) and (b) determinations. 9. The apparatus according to claim 8 and further comprising: at least one monitoring processor, wherein the at least one monitoring processor in operative connection with the at least one battery, wherein the at least one monitoring processor is operative to prevent the at least one battery from being overcharged. 10. The apparatus according to claim 9 wherein the at least one monitoring processor is operative to prevent the at least one battery from being over discharged. 11. The apparatus according to claim 9 wherein the at least one power control processor is in operative connection with the at least one terminal processor, wherein the at least one power control processor is selectively operative to cause power to be delivered to the at least one terminal processor separately at different times from the at least one battery and at least one power source other than the battery. 12. The apparatus according to claim 11 wherein responsive at least in part to at least one input corresponding to shutting down the machine, the at least one power control processor is operative to cause power to cease to be delivered to at least two of the cash dispenser, the card reader, the receipt printer and the at least one terminal processor at different times in at least one predetermined sequence. 13. The apparatus according to claim 12 wherein responsive at least in part to at least one input corresponding to starting up the machine, the at least one power control processor is operative to cause power to be delivered to at least two of the cash dispenser, the card reader, the display, the receipt printer and the at least one terminal processor at different times in at least one predetermined sequence. 14. The apparatus according to claim 12 wherein the at least one power control processor is operative to cause power to be delivered to the at least one terminal processor from another power source other than the at least one battery, and responsive at least in part to power no longer being available from the another power source, is operative to cause power to be delivered to the at least one terminal processor from the at least one battery. 15. The apparatus according to claim 14 wherein the machine operates to carry out a further transaction, and wherein in the further transaction the at least one power control processor is operative to cause power to be delivered from the at least one battery to each of the cash dispenser, the card reader, the display and the receipt printer. 16. Apparatus comprising: an automated banking machine that operates to cause financial transfers responsive at least in part to data read from data bearing records, including a card reader, wherein the card reader is operative to read card data from user cards, wherein the card data corresponds to financial accounts, a display, a printer, a cash dispenser, at least one terminal processor, wherein the at least one terminal processor is in operative connection with the card reader, the display, the printer and the cash dispenser, wherein the at least one terminal processor is operative in carrying out a financial transaction to cause user card data to be read from a user card through operation of the card reader, a determination to be made that the user card data corresponds to a financial account authorized to conduct the transaction via the machine, the cash dispenser to dispense cash responsive at least in part to the determination, the financial account to be assessed a value corresponding to the dispensed cash, the printer to produce a receipt corresponding to the value, a plurality of power sources including at least one battery, at least one of a solar panel, a battery charger connectable to household current, an electrical generator and a fuel cell, at least one power control processor, wherein during the transaction the at least one power control processor is operative to make at least one power control determination corresponding to power currently available from each of the plurality of power sources, wherein during the transaction the at least one power control processor is operative responsive at least in part to the at least one power control determination to cause power from at least two different power sources to be delivered separately to respective ones of the card reader, the display, the printer and the cash dispenser. 17. The apparatus according to claim 16 wherein the apparatus is operative to carry out a further transaction including operation of the cash dispenser, wherein during the further transaction the at least one power control processor is operative to make at least one further power control determination corresponding to power then currently available from each of the plurality of power sources, and wherein during the further transaction the at least one power control processor is operative to cause power to be delivered to at least one of the card reader, the display, the cash dispenser, the printer from a power source other than the respective power source that delivered power to the respective one of the card reader, the display, the cash dispenser and the printer during the transaction. 18. The apparatus according to claim 17 and further comprising, at least one monitoring processor, wherein the at least one monitoring processor is operative to cause the battery to be charged responsive to power from at least one power source other than the battery. 19. The apparatus according to claim 18 wherein the at least one monitoring processor is operative to prevent the at least one battery from being at least one of overcharged and over discharged. 20. The apparatus according to claim 17 wherein the at least one power control processor during the transaction is operative to additionally determine at least one respective amount of power required for operation of at least one of the card reader, the display, the printer and the cash dispenser, and to cause power to be delivered thereto from a respective one of the plurality of power sources responsive at least in part to the additional determination. 21. The apparatus according to claim 17 wherein the at least one terminal processor is in operative connection with the at least one power control processor, wherein the at least one power control processor is operative responsive at least in part to at least one shutdown input to cause power to be withdrawn from at least two of the at least one terminal processor, the card reader, the display, the cash dispenser and the printer at different times in at least one predetermined sequence. 