Embodiments of the invention are directed to dollies for moving photovoltaic modules comprising an elongate base section with a first plurality of rollers and a support section movably coupled with the elongate base section such that the support section can be moved upwardly and downwardly to raise and lower a photovoltaic module. Kits including at least two dollies and methods of using the dollies and kits are also described.
Claims 1. A dolly for moving a planar photovoltaic module having a plurality of spaced rails supporting a back side of the photovoltaic module, the dolly comprising: an elongate base section having an axial length and a first plurality of rollers mounted along the axial length of the elongate base section; and a support section movably coupled with the elongate base section such that the support section can be moved upwardly and downwardly to raise and lower the photovoltaic module; the support section including a plurality of cradles spaced at a predetermined distance so that each cradle supports the spaced rails, and the support section further including a lifting mechanism including a lifting member operatively engaged with the base section and the support section to raise and lower the support section. 2. The dolly of claim 1, wherein the elongate base section further comprises a second plurality of rollers mounted along the axial length perpendicular to the first plurality of rollers. 3. The dolly of claim 1, wherein the plurality of rollers are wheels. 4. The dolly of claim 1, wherein the elongate base section has a top, a front face and a back face defining an inverted elongate u-shape with an open bottom and a cavity therein. 5. The dolly of claim 4, wherein the first plurality of rollers are wheels located within the cavity and mounted to the elongate base section, a portion of each of the first plurality of wheels projecting from the open bottom of the cavity of the elongate base section. 6. The dolly of claim 5, wherein each of the wheels are attached to the elongate base section with an axle attached to the front face and the back face of the elongate base section, the wheels being freely rotatable about the axle. 7. The dolly of claim 1, wherein the lifting mechanism further comprises a hinge assembly in contact with a face of the elongate base and a lever arm operatively connected to the hinge assembly so that the lever arm can be moved in an axial and radial direction with respect to the hinge assembly, where moving the lever arm axially does not cause rotation of the hinge assembly and moving the lever arm radially causes rotation of the hinge assembly and movement of the lifting member in a direction to raise or lower the support section. 8. The dolly of claim 1, wherein the lifting member operatively engaged with the base section and the support section is an eccentric cam which projects from the elongate base, the eccentric cam operable to change projection from a minimum projection to a maximum projection. 9. The dolly of claim 1, wherein the first plurality of rollers comprises two proximal wheels positioned proximally of a center point in the elongate base and two distal wheels positioned distally of the center point in the elongate base. 10. The dolly of claim 1, wherein the support section further comprises at least one connection hole including a captive knob therein, the captive knob adapted to cooperatively interact with a hole in the spaced rails on the back side of the photovoltaic module. 11. The dolly of claim 1, wherein the elongate base section is made of galvanized steel with a thickness of at least about 1.5 mm. 12. The dolly of claim 7, wherein the lifting mechanism further comprises a lever bracket on a face of the elongate base positioned to allow the lever arm to be placed in the lever bracket. 13. A dolly kit for moving a planar photovoltaic module having a plurality of spaced rails supporting a back side of the photovoltaic module, the dolly comprising: an upper rail dolly comprising: an elongate base section having an axial length and a first upper plurality of rollers mounted along the axial length of the elongate base section and a second upper plurality of rollers mounted along the axial length of the elongate base in a plane perpendicular to the first plurality of rollers, and a support section movably coupled with the elongate base section such that the support section can be moved upwardly and downwardly to raise and lower the module; the support section including a plurality of cradles spaced at a predetermined distance so that each cradle supports the spaced rails, and the support section further including a lifting mechanism including a lifting member operatively engaged with the base section and the support section to raise and lower the support section; and a lower rail dolly comprising: an elongate base section having an axial length and a lower plurality of rollers mounted along the axial length of the elongate base section, and a support section movably coupled with the elongate base section such that the support section can be moved upwardly and downwardly to raise and lower the module; the support section including a plurality of cradles spaced at a predetermined distance so that each cradle supports the spaced rails, and the support section further including a lifting mechanism including a lifting member operatively engaged with the base section and the support section to raise and lower the support section. 14. The dolly of claim 13, wherein one or more of the first upper plurality of rollers, the second upper plurality of roller and the lower plurality of rollers are wheels. 15. A method of mounting a photovoltaic module on a support structure having an upper rail and a lower rail, the upper rail having a horizontal rail surface and vertical rail surface and the lower rail having a horizontal rail surface, the method comprising: attaching an upper rail dolly to spaced rails on the back of the photovoltaic module, the upper rail dolly having vertically aligned rollers and horizontally aligned rollers, the upper rail dolly having a cradle for contacting the spaced rails on the back of the photovoltaic module; attaching a lower rail dolly to a the spaced rails of the photovoltaic module, the lower rail dolly having vertically aligned rollers, the lower rail dolly having a cradle for contacting the spaced rails on the back of the photovoltaic module; placing the upper rail dolly on the upper rail of the support structure so the vertically aligned rollers contact the horizontal rail surface and the horizontally aligned rollers contact the vertical rail surface; placing the lower rail dolly on the lower rail of the support structure so that the vertically aligned rollers contact the horizontal rail surface of the support structure; lifting the cradle of the upper rail dolly and the cradle of the lower rail dolly to lift the photovoltaic module so that the spaced rails on the back of the photovoltaic module do not contact the support structure; moving the photovoltaic module along the upper rail and lower rail of the support structure to a mounting location; lowering the cradle of the upper rail dolly and the cradle of the lower rail dolly to lower the photovoltaic module so that the spaced rails on the back of the photovoltaic module are in contact with the upper rail and lower rail of the support structure; and fixing the photovoltaic module to the support structure. 16. The method of claim 15, further comprising suspending the photovoltaic module to allow access to the spaced rails on a back of the photovoltaic module and attaching one or more of the upper rail dolly and the lower rail dolly to the spaced rails before placing the one or more dolly on the support structure. 17. The method of claim 15, further comprising removing the upper rail dolly from the upper rail of the support structure and removing the lower rail dolly from the lower rail of the support structure after the photovoltaic module is fixed to the support structure. 18. The method of claim 16, wherein the photovoltaic module is suspended with a vacuum frame. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein the vacuum frame is held by a portable jib boom. 20. The method of claim 15, wherein the photovoltaic module comprises a plurality of small solar modules that are assembled into a larger array. 