A networked surveillance audio-video recorder for security applications with local storage and continuous record loop using high-definition video and encrypted data is described. Evidentiary audio-video is locally stored on a non-volatile storage media, and later transmitted in accordance with channel bandwidth with optional temporal, spatial or peak signal-to-noise ratio (PSNR) scalability and in accordance to display capabilities of target viewing device upon request of time regions of interest or window around alarm trigger events, or for periodic archival reasons.
Claims 1. (canceled) 2. An apparatus for video surveillance system, the apparatus comprising: at least one camera sensor, said at least one camera sensor is configured to capture 30 frames-per-second at a minimum of high definition resolution; at least one image signal processor coupled to said at least one camera sensor for performing image signal processing functions including but not limited to auto white balance, auto gain, wide-angle lens barrel distortion reduction, and lens defect compensation; a motion adaptive spatial and temporal filtering unit that is coupled to output of said at least one image signal processor for preprocessing of video data; at least one video compression unit according to H.264 standard that is coupled to output of said motion adaptive spatial and temporal filtering unit, said at least one video compression unit is configured to compress 30 frames-per-second at a minimum of high definition resolution in variable bit rate; a processor coupled to at least one video compression unit to store compressed data on a removable non-volatile semiconductor storage media in a continuous record loop in a circular queue, said circular queue is capable of storing multiple days of storage of surveillance data, in accordance with size of said removable non-volatile semiconductor storage media, before oldest data is overwritten by newly recorded video; an encryption unit coupled to said processor, wherein said stored compressed data on said removable non-volatile semiconductor storage is configured to be encrypted whereby only people with a security key is able to access said stored surveillance data; a transrating unit coupled to said removable non-volatile semiconductor storage media for transmitting said stored surveillance data at a different bit rate in accordance with transmit channel and destination capabilities, wherein the output of said transrating unit has constant bit rate; an interface to internet coupled to said processor using an interface including but not limited to 802.11 wireless interface, 3G data interface, 4G data interface, or a power-line data interface; wherein said surveillance data from said circular queue for a time of interest from a start time to an end time is sent by said processor upon request by a remote device interfaced to said interface to internet in a H.264 compressed and encrypted audio-video data file format; wherein, in case of a trigger event, data enveloping said trigger event is saved and transrated into a lower CBR before encryption and transmittal to one or more predefined internet destinations; wherein the apparatus is configured to have all elements integrated into a single compact unit; whereby the apparatus saves evidentiary data locally in the apparatus with immunity to signal jamming and poor network conditions at time of an event; whereby an intruder is prevented from removing said evidentiary data that is captured and stored on multiple distributed multiple units of the apparatus which are hard to reach or remove; and whereby power consumption and local bandwidth of transmitted data are significantly reduced because continuous streaming of data is not required, and only data enveloping a trigger event or a requested time zone is transmitted upon request by said remote device. 3. The apparatus according to claim 2, further comprising: a microphone, audio preamplifier, audio-to-digital conversion circuit, and audio compression unit; and a multiplexer to combine output of said audio compression unit and said at least one video compression unit. 4. The apparatus according to claim 2, wherein said removable non-volatile semiconductor media uses flash memory including but not limited to USB memory key, SDHC memory card, micro SD card. 5. The apparatus according to claim 2, further including a rechargeable battery to power the apparatus, and a solar cell to recharge said rechargeable battery. 6. (canceled) 7. The apparatus according to claim 2, wherein said interface uses HomePlug AV standard using power lines to connect to a local or remote device for transmission of data when requested. 8. An apparatus for security and evidentiary recording, the apparatus comprising: a camera image sensor with at least high definition resolution for capturing video at 30 frames per second; an audio microphone; a removable flash memory including but not limited to USB memory key, SD memory card, or micro SD memory card; a rechargeable battery; a system-on-a-chip processor coupled to said removable flash memory and said camera image sensor, said system-on-a-chip processor comprising: camera ISP; hardware unit for lens barrel distortion reduction and lens defect compensation; a first hardware accelerator module for motion adaptive spatial and temporal filtering; a second hardware video accelerator unit for H.264 video compression at 30 frames-per-second with VBR; a hardware accelerator for transrating a VBR stream to a different bit rate CBR stream in accordance with available network channel bandwidth and target device display capability; a security processor for encryption or decryption of locally stored and transmitted data; a processor unit for audio compression; audio and video multiplexing; storing multiplexed audio; wherein compressed, encrypted and multiplexed audio-video surveillance data is stored on said removable flash memory using a circular queue, said circular queue is capable of storing at least several days of recording; wherein a time range from a start time to a stop time of said surveillance data is transmitted to a remote device upon request by said remote device or upon occurrence of a trigger event; an internet interface coupled to said system-on-a-chip processor including but not limited to 802.11 wireless interface, 3G wireless data interface, 4G wireless interface, and a power-line networking interface, said internet interface is active only for sending data for said start time to said stop time upon request by said remote device and for signaling a trigger event to said remote device; wherein all parts of said apparatus are tightly packed in a single small enclosure; and whereby one or more units of the apparatus concurrently capture video surveillance data continuously and store said video surveillance data locally for at least several days of past history and ensuring all evidentiary data is captured, and allowing going back in time to analyze data when occurrence of an event is detected at a later time. 9. The apparatus according to claim 8, wherein said power-line networking interface uses HomePlug AV standard. 10. (canceled) 11. The apparatus according to claim 8, wherein, upon request to transmit said time range of said start time to said stop time, requested data is transmitted in a data file format in non-real-time using TCP/IP protocol, said data file is generated by decompressing video, performing temporal and spatial scaling, and compressing video at a different data rate in accordance with request and capabilities of receiving device. 12. The apparatus according to claim 8, wherein a trigger event including but not limited to motion detection, causes copying data enveloping said trigger event to a separate file in said removable flash memory, and sending said copied data as an attachment to a predefined email address. 13. (canceled) 14. The apparatus according to claim 8, wherein the apparatus is packaged in a compact enclosure which is less than 2 inches by 21/2 inches in size and directly plugged into a power outlet. 15. The apparatus according to claim 8, wherein said removable flash memory is configured to be unplugged and plugged into a PC or a TV for viewing said video surveillance data. 16. The apparatus according to claim 8, wherein contents of said removable flash memory are encrypted so that only people with security key is provided access to view said video surveillance data. 17. The apparatus according to claim 8, wherein data is captured and stored with variable bit rate in said circular queue, and is converted to a constant bit rate stream to transmit over a low-bandwidth network channel upon request. 18. The apparatus according to claim 8, wherein said remote device is one of a personal computer, a cell phone, or a monitoring station. 19. The apparatus according to claim 8, wherein the apparatus also performs facial detection and triggers a certain action for a certain list of individuals. 20. The apparatus according to claim 8, wherein an electronic bill of material cost is less than $75. 