A clip for both mounting and grounding photovoltaic panels is disclosed. The clip has retention tabs which interact with mounting rails to fully support photovoltaic panels during installation. The interaction allows for adjustment along the length of the mounting rails. Interlocking fingers allow the mounting clips to fit together securely. The interlocking nature of the mounting clips provides a secure fit between photovoltaic panels and requires less mounting hardware. Additionally, the interlocking nature of the mounting clips allows for security and stability of the photovoltaic panels during the mounting process, allowing a single installer to mount a number of photovoltaic panels. The use of serrated washers, or cutting edges on certain portions of the mounting clip provide grounding for the system by digging into both photovoltaic panels and mounting rails.
Claims 1. A mounting clip comprising: a panel leg; a rail leg; said panel leg further comprising a slot and interlocking elements extending there from, said interlocking elements can interlock with interlocking elements of a second substantially similar mount clip; and said rail leg further comprising retention tabs and recesses. 2. The mounting clip of claim 1, wherein said panel leg further comprises alignment flanges. 3. The mounting clip of claim 1, wherein said slot includes a cutting edge. 4. The mounting clip of claim 1, wherein said recesses include a cutting edge. 5. The mounting clip of claim 1, wherein said recesses are approximately the same size. 6. The mounting clip of claim 1, wherein said recesses are different sizes. 7. The mounting clip of claim 1, wherein said interlocking elements are substantially parallel to the panel leg. 8. The mounting clip of claim 1, wherein said interlocking elements comprise an interlocking element and an interlocking receptacle. 9. The mounting clip of claim 1, wherein said mounting clip comprises stainless steel. 10. The mounting clip of claim 1, wherein said mounting clip comprises aluminum. 11. The mounting clip of claim 1, wherein said mounting clip is formed by stamping. 12. The mounting clip of claim 1, wherein said mounting clip is formed by extrusion. 13. A mounting clip for photovoltaic panels comprising: panel leg means for attaching to a photovoltaic panel; rail leg means for connecting said panel leg means to a mounting rail; interlocking means for connecting said mounting clips together; retention means for attaching said rail leg means to said mounting rail; said panel leg means further comprising slot means for attaching to said photovoltaic panels; and said rail leg means further comprising recess means for attachment to said mounting rail. 14. The mounting clip of claim 13, further comprising alignment means for aligning said panel leg means on said photovoltaic panel. 15. The mounting clip of claim 13, wherein said interlocking means comprises interlocking fingers. 16. The mounting clip of claim 13, wherein said interlocking mean comprise an interlocking element and an interlocking recess. 17. The mounting clip of claim 13, further comprising grounding means for grounding said photovoltaic panel to said mounting rail. 18. The grounding means of claim 17, further comprising a serrated washer. 19. The grounding means of claim 17, further comprising a cutting edge on said mounting clip at the point of attachment to said photovoltaic panel. 20. The grounding means of claim 17, further comprising a cutting edge on said mounting clip at the point of attachment to said mounting rail. 21. A method for mounting a photovoltaic panel comprising the steps of: attaching a set of mounting clips to a frame of a first photovoltaic panel; said first photovoltaic panel having at least a first mounting clip and a second mounting clip; said mounting clips having interlocking members; placing said first photovoltaic panel onto a set of mounting rails; sliding said first photovoltaic panel into place on said mounting rails; attaching said first photovoltaic panel to said mounting rail through said first mounting clip and said second mounting clip; placing a second photovoltaic panel on said mounting rails; said second photovoltaic panel having at least a third mounting clip and a fourth mounting clip; sliding said second photovoltaic panel into place next to said first photovoltaic panel so that said interlocking members of said third mounting clip interact with said interlocking members of said second mounting clip; and attaching said second photovoltaic panel to said mounting rail through said fourth mounting clip. 22. The method of claim 20, further comprising the step of mounting additional photovoltaic panels after said second photovoltaic panel. 23. The method of claim 20, further comprising the step of mounting a second row of photovoltaic panels above the first row of photovoltaic panels. 24. The method of claim 20, further comprising the step of including a serrated washer when attaching said mounting clip to said photovoltaic panel. 25. The method of claim 20, further comprising the step of including a serrated washer when attaching said mounting clip to said mounting rail. 26. The method of claim 20, wherein said mounting clip includes cutting edges at the point of attachment to said photovoltaic panel. 27. The method of claim 20, wherein said mounting clip includes cutting edges at the point of attachment to said mounting rail. 