An apparatus and system to removably install, or replace, an awning panel. The awning panel is mounted on a wall or structure or similar vertical surface by insertion into a pair of mounting brackets that have been affixed to the wall. The mounting brackets may be mounted at any distance apart, and thus may accommodate awnings of different sizes. The mounting brackets comprise a right and left bracket, each comprising an angled support art, a holding member, a vertical support member, and a top support member. Supporting members along the sides of the awning panel slide into the space or slot formed by the angled support arm and the holding piece, and is further supported by the angled support arm extending along the underside of the supporting members. The angled support arm may be fixed at a set angle, or may be adjusted to different angles. A cover panel may be used to shield the awning panel, with the cover panel mounted on separate brackets or on the same brackets with the awning panel.
Claims 1. An awning support bracket, comprising: an angled support arm with an upper and a lower end; a holding member covering all or a portion of the upper end of the angled support arm, thereby creating a space between the angled support arm and the holding member adapted to receive and hold an awning panel support member. 2. The bracket of claim 1, wherein the angled support arm and holding member are integral. 3. The bracket of claim 1, wherein the awning panel support member is secured in place. 4. The bracket of claim 1, further comprising a second angled support arm and a second holding member positioned above the other angled support arm and holding member. 5. The bracket of claim 1, further comprising a vertical support member with an upper end and a lower end, the upper end of the vertical support member affixed to the upper end of the angled support arm, with the lower end of the angled support arm extending at an angle away from the vertical support member. 6. The bracket of claim 5, further comprising a top support member with a first end and a second end, the first end affixed to the conjunction of the angled support member and the vertical support member, wherein the top support member extends horizontally at an approximately 90-degree angle from the vertical support member. 7. The bracket of claim 5, wherein the angle between the angled support arm and the vertical support member is fixed. 8. The bracket of claim 5, wherein the angled support arm is rotatably connected to the vertical support member, so that the angle between the angled support arm and the vertical support member is variable. 9. The bracket of claim 5, further comprising a brace extending between the vertical support member and the angled support arm. 10. The bracket of claim 6, wherein the vertical support member and the top support member have a plurality of holes for mounting the member on a building or structure. 11. A awning support apparatus, comprising: a pair of mirror-image right and left brackets, each bracket comprising an angled support arm with an upper and a lower end; a holding member covering all or a portion of the upper end of the angled support arm, thereby creating a space between the angled support arm and the holding member adapted to receive and hold an awning panel support member; a vertical support member with an upper end and a lower end, the upper end of the vertical support member affixed to the upper end of the angled support arm, with the lower end of the angled support arm extending at an angle away from the vertical support member; and a top support member with a first end and a second end, the first end affixed to the conjunction of the angled support member and the vertical support member, wherein the top support member extends horizontally at an approximately 90-degree angle from the vertical support member. 12. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein the vertical support members and the top support members have a plurality of holes for mounting each bracket on a building or structure. 13. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein the top support member of the left bracket extends towards the right bracket, and the top support member of the right bracket extends towards the left bracket, when the brackets are mounted on a building or structure. 14. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein the angled support arm on each bracket is rotatably connected to the vertical support member, so that the angle between the angled support arm and the vertical support member is variable. 15. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein each bracket further comprises a second angled support member and a second holding member, the second angled member is positioned below the first angled support member. 16. An awning system, comprising: at least two awning support brackets, adapted to detachably hold two or more sides or corners of an awning panel, wherein the awning panel can be easily inserted into and removed from the support brackets. 17. The awning system of claim 16, wherein the awning support brackets comprise a pair of minor-image right and left brackets, each bracket comprising: an angled support arm with an upper and a lower end; a holding member covering all or a portion of the upper end of the angled support arm, thereby creating a space between the angled support arm and the holding member adapted to receive and hold an awning panel support member; a vertical support member with an upper end and a lower end, the upper end of the vertical support member affixed to the upper end of the angled support arm, with the lower end of the angled support arm extending at an angle away from the vertical support member; and a top support member with a first end and a second end, the first end affixed to the upper end of the angled support arm, wherein the top support member extends horizontally at an approximately 90-degree angle from the vertical support member. 18. The awning system of claim 16, wherein the awning panel is rigid. 19. The awning system of claim 16, wherein the awning panel is removably mounted on a frame, the frame comprising at least two rigid side members adapted to be inserted into the awning support brackets. 20. The awning system of claim 16, wherein pictures, logos, words, symbols, images, or other graphics are displayed on at least one side of the awning panel. 21. The awning system of claim 16, further comprising a cover panel mounted above the awning panel. 22. The awning system of claim 21, wherein each bracket is a double bracket with an upper and lower angled support members, wherein the lower angled support member is used to support the awning panel and the upper support member is used to support the cover panel. 23. The awning system of claim 21, wherein the cover panel is mounted on a pair of brackets separate from the pair of awning brackets. 24. The awning system of claim 16, wherein the awning panel comprises a solar panel. 