Power generation and storage system and/or solar power generation and storage packaged panels and storage functions in a device and their installment of Signal UPS system device and this power equipment Station combined with various electric power generators. The first aspect of his invention relates to Intelligent function installing Power generation and storage system, involving a control system of Charge-Discharge, Power storage and supplemental charge-discharge functions, packaging lithium ion rechargeable battery (LIB) (1) sole or a combination of LIB and capacitor-condenser as battery units, Charge-Discharge Control Unit (2) containing Charge-Discharge controller.
Claims 1. Intelligent function installing Power generation and storage system and/or solar power generation and storage packaged panel, involving a control system of Charge-Discharge, Power storage and supplemental charge-discharge functions, packaging lithium ion rechargeable battery (LIB) (1) sole or a combination of LIB and capacitor-condenser as battery units, Charge-Discharge Control Unit (2) containing Charge-Discharge controller, Protection circuit against over-charge and over-discharge operations, thermal fuse for a protection and detection against IC circuit system destroy, thermistor and a back flow preventing diode, system control unit (3) involving input-output controller, current regulative diode (so called CRD), due point sensor (DPS), terminal regulator, float type flow-meter, pulse width modulation (PWM), currency control unit interface parts (4) involving direct current-alternative current (DC-AC) inverter system. 2. Intelligent function installing Power generation and storage system and/or solar power generation and storage packaged panel according to claim 1, wherein at least one of devices selected from the group consisting of human sensitive sensor, brightness sensor, vibration sensor, thermal and humidity sensor and LED lighting system is installed. 3. Intelligent function installing Power generation and storage system and/or solar power generation and storage packaged panel according to claim 1, wherein it is installed with mounting port of lighting devices, a controller of light operating function with human sensitive sensor, brightness controller operating light on and off by brightness detection are installed, and also at least one of devices selected from the group consisting of external charging port to make supplement at shortage of electric power, ports in use available for conventional consumers' electronics such as mobile phones, personal computers, electric heaters, electric disinfector, and ports for AC 100V usage, AC 200V three phase, AC voltage ports similar to AC ports, external mounting AC-DC converters, external mounting DC-DC convertor up to 249 V is installed with various connection parts like a metal consent for 12V or 24V power output combined as two series circuit of 12V carry bag. 4. Intelligent function installing Power generation and storage system and/or solar power generation and storage packaged panel according to claim 1, wherein lithium ion rechargeable battery (LIB) of battery (1) is one selected from the group consisting of cylindrical cans, aluminum square cans, aluminum laminating cells packaged modules and their combination modules and also LIBs or capacitor-condensers are installed charge-discharge protection circuits, thermal fuses and thermistor in light weight battery cell at less than 10 g/Watt, and those solar panels are specified in small portable size and the "Pm" in range of 5 W to 50 W in each panel unit and surface square measurement in less than 110 cm.sup.2/W and the thickness of the solar panel's frame in less than 50 mm. 5. Intelligent function installing Power generation and storage system and/or solar power generation and storage packaged panel according to claim 1, wherein it is provided to locate a thermal insulation layer on the backside of solar cells compositing thermal insulation paint or thermoplastic resin encapsulating sheet performing the restraining function for maintaining an external temperature of the devices at lower than 55 degree C. (.degree. C.) in increasing higher a temperature on the surface of solar panels duration of sunshine for the purpose of protecting internal parts against deterioration and/or breaking down of Power generation and storage system caused by internal and external thermal increase, and by providing at lease one of devices such as thermal sensors, cooling fan operating system starting its system by the temperature detection at 50 degree C. (.degree. C.) level, Internal temperature protecting system by the temperature detection at 5 degree C. (.degree. C.) level, power storage volume ratio controlling discharge possible voltage and electric current for power storage battery unit, and digital displaying indicator in generating electric power with solar cells. 6. Intelligent function installing Power generation and storage system and/or solar power and generation packaged panel according to claim 1, wherein light weight portable type carry bag form in holding two panels in range of 5 to 50 W and also a box form in not wider than 50 mm thickness in each panel unit, and in portable type carried easily by a hand on weights of not more than 300 g/W per maximum power output of solar cell panel unit, and mounting hand grips and a hook preventing to be opened the two panels under carriage is installed. 7. Intelligent function installing Power generation and storage system and/or solar power generation and storage packaged panel according to claim 1, wherein it is installed with mounting hand grips and a hook preventing to be opened the two panels under carriage and the box holding in two units of solar cell panels by utilizing hinges either fixed ones or ones removable for sole use of each solar power generation and storage packaged panel is installed. 8. Power generation and storage packaged apparatus Station wherein Intelligent function installing Power generation and storage system and/or solar power generation and storage packaged panel as described in claim 1 is installed with at least one of devices such as Signal LED diodes freezing protection function by installing a temperature controlling sensor, LED lighting devices operating with a human sensitive sensor function, earthquake early warning signal transmission function operated by a seismic triggering sensor, a surveillance camera and video at disaster events, Global Positioning System (GPS) remote communication unit, an emergency warning report system, quick starting system of motors and drives, and the Intelligent function installing Power generation and storage system and/or solar power generation and storage packaged panels is mounted on standing street lights and/or telegraph poles installing solar cell and/or wind power units as their supplementary power source, and it is combined with solar cells and/or wind power or wave activating power generation as natural energy generation apparatus or fuel cells to be enhanced overall power generation capacity. 9. Power generation and storage packaged apparatus Station wherein Intelligent function installing Power generation and storage system and/or solar power generation and storage packaged panel as described in claim 1 is installed with at least one of devices such as Signal LED diodes freezing protection function by installing a temperature controlling sensor, LED lighting devices operating with a human sensitive sensor function, earthquake early warning signal transmission function operated by a seismic triggering sensor, a surveillance camera and video at disaster events, GPS remote communication unit, an emergency warning report system, quick starting system of motors and drives, and mounting the Intelligent function installing Power generation and storage system and/or solar power generation and storage packaged panels on standing street lights and/or telegraph poles installing solar cell and/or wind power units as their supplementary power source, and in a solar power generation the best efficient rate of solar cell generation is attributed better by utilizing an angle adjustment stand of sunshine elevation on a flat location to keep the best angle of sunshine through a year or a remote control apparatus of the sunshine angle adjustment mounted at street lights or telegraph poles or other high position, and combining with solar cells and/or wind power or wave activating power generation as natural energy generation apparatus or fuel cells to be enhanced overall power generation capacity. 10. Power generation and storage packaged apparatus Station wherein Intelligent function installing Power generation and storage system and/or solar power generation and storage packaged panel as described in claim 1 is installed with various environmentally compatible power generators and the power generation and storage unit size of conventional power generator is a small size power generation and storage apparatus possible reduction rate in not less than 50% of measurement size and in light weight at not more than one Second (1/2) weight in comparison with that of lead acid storage battery and also setting feasibly at height of not lower than 150 cm required for a flood disaster prevention or limiting a transfer and/or a location condition of power storage batteries in disaster area. 11. Power generation and storage packaged apparatus Station wherein Intelligent function installing Power generation and storage system and/or solar power generation and storage packaged panel as described in claim 1 is installed with various environmentally compatible power generators such as solar cells and/or wind force power or wave force power generation as natural energy generation apparatus or fuel cells to be enhanced overall power generation capacity and the power generation and storage unit size of power generators is a power generation and storage apparatus possible reduction rate in not less than 50% of measurement size and in light weight at not more than one Second (1/2) weight in comparison with that of lead acid storage battery and also setting feasibly at height of not lower than 150 cm required for a flood disaster prevention or limiting a transfer and/or a location condition of power storage batteries in disaster area. 12. Signal Uninterruptible Power Supply (UPS) system wherein Intelligent function installing Power generation and storage system and/or solar power generation and storage packaged panel as described in claim 1 is installed with UPS equipment (28) installing a blackout detector. 13. Signal UPS system according to claim 12, wherein lithium ion rechargeable battery (LIB) of battery (1) is one of devices selected from the group consisting of cylindrical cans, aluminum square cans, aluminum laminating cells packaged modules and their combination modules and also LIBs or capacitor-condensers are installed charge-discharge protection circuits, thermal fuses and thermistor in light weight battery cell at less than 10 g/Watt, and those solar panels are specified in small portable size and the "Pm" in range of 5 W to 50 W in each panel unit and surface square measurement in less than 110 cm.sup.2/W and the thickness of the solar panel's frame in less than 50 mm. 14. Signal UPS system according to claim 12, wherein it is providing to locate a thermal insulation layer on the backside of solar cells compositing thermal insulation paint or thermoplastic resin encapsulating sheet performing the restraining function for maintaining an external temperature of the devices at lower than 55 degree C. (.degree. C.) in increasing higher a temperature on the surface of solar panels duration of sunshine for the purpose of protecting internal parts against deterioration and/or breaking down of Power generation and storage system caused by internal and external thermal increase, and by providing at lease one of devices such as thermal sensors, cooling fan operating system starting its system by the temperature detection at 50 degree C. (.degree. C.) level, Internal temperature protecting system by the temperature detection at 5 degree C. (.degree. C.) level, power storage volume ratio controlling discharge possible voltage and electric current for power storage battery unit, and a controlling function of indicating figures in generating electric power with solar cells. 15. Signal UPS system according to claim 12, wherein it is installed with light weight and small size form of complete water-proof type box making up in one or two panels in range of 5 to 50 W each and also this box form in not wider than 50 mm thickness in each panel unit, and in portable type is handled easily in mounting on the poles by hands on weights of not more than 300 g/W per maximum power output of solar cell panel unit. 16. Signal UPS system according to claim 12, wherein it is installed with the Power generation and storage packaged apparatus station mounting at least one of devices such as Signal LED diodes freezing protection function by involving a temperature controlling sensor, LED lighting devices operating with a human sensitive sensor function, earthquake early warning signal transmission function operated by a seismic triggering sensor, a surveillance camera and video at disaster events, GPS remote communication unit, an emergency warning report system, quick starting system of motors and drives, and involving various power generators controlling functions of Power generation operation--storage or supplementary charging--discharging operations on standing street lights and/or telegraph poles installing solar cell and/or wind power units as their supplementary power source, and combining with solar cells and/or wind power or wave activating power generation as natural energy generation apparatus or fuel cells to be enhanced overall power generation capacity. 17. Signal UPS system according to claim 12, wherein it is installed with the Power generation and storage packaged apparatus station mounting at least one of devices such as Signal LED diodes freezing protection function by involving a temperature controlling sensor, LED lighting devices operating with a human sensitive sensor function, earthquake early warning signal transmission function operated by a seismic triggering sensor, a surveillance camera and video at disaster events, GPS remote communication unit, an emergency warning report system, quick starting system of motors and drives, and involving various power generators controlling functions of Power generation operation--Storage or supplementary charging--discharging operations on standing street lights and/or telegraph poles installing solar cell and/or wind power units as their supplementary power source, and in a solar power generation the best efficient rate of solar cell generation is attributed better by utilizing an angle adjustment stand of sunshine elevation on a flat location to keep the best angle of sunshine through a year or a remote control apparatus of the sunshine angle adjustment, and combining with solar cells and/or wind power or wave activating power generation as natural energy generation apparatus or fuel cells to be enhanced overall power generation capacity. 