Systems, methods, and apparatus relating to the use of Stirling engine technology to convert heat, such as from solar radiation, to mechanical work or electricity. Apparatus, systems, components, and methods relating to energy converting apparatus are described herein. In one aspect, the invention relates to the field alignment of panels and the assembly of a concentrator. In another aspect, a passive balancer is used in combination with a ring frame and other moving masses to reduce engine forces and vibration on the structure of the energy converting apparatus while maintaining properly constrained alignment of various suspended masses. In yet another aspect, the invention relates to various over-insolation control and management strategy to prevent overheating of the energy converting apparatus or components and subsystems thereof.
Claims 1. A system for converting solar energy into electricity, the system comprising: an energy converting apparatus comprising: a heat exchanger having a surface aligned to receive solar energy reflected from a solar energy concentrator; a temperature sensor positioned to detect temperature changes in the heat exchanger; a ring frame comprising a plurality of supporting members and a top substantially circular region having an outer circumference and an inner circumference and comprising a plurality of attachment mounts; and an engine disposed within an engine housing suspended within the inner circumference and substantially perpendicular to the top substantially circular region, wherein the engine is in thermal communication with the heat exchanger. 2. (canceled) 3. (canceled) 4. The system of claim 1, further comprising a drive unit connected to the temperature sensor, the drive unit programmed to misalign the concentrator with a source of solar energy and reduce an amount of solar energy impinging on the surface when the temperature measured by the temperature sensor exceeds a predetermined threshold. 5.-7. (canceled) 8. The system of claim 1, wherein each of the plurality of attachment mounts are substantially perpendicular to the top substantially circular region. 9. The system of claim 1, further comprising an elongate slew plate connected to the outer circumference of the substantially circular region, the elongate slew plate defining an attachment point for a cover, the cover sized to substantially surround the energy converting apparatus while leaving the surface exposed to receive solar energy. 10. The system of claim 1, further comprising a vibration transmission reduction system for reducing the transmission of vibrations between the engine housing and a frame, the system comprising: a plurality of isolation springs, each isolation spring forms a circular mount within which is positioned the engine housing, the circular mount is attached to the frame. 11. The system of claim 10, wherein the plurality of isolation springs are arranged to form a cylindrical mounting structure having a longitudinal axis. 12. The system of claim 10, wherein the vibration transmission reduction system further comprises a passive balancer attached to the engine housing, and the engine and the passive balancer are aligned along the longitudinal axis or an axis parallel to the longitudinal axis. 13. The system of claim 10, wherein the axial spring stiffness of the isolation springs is selected in response to the gravity load so as to ensure the engine housing remains in a predetermined axial tolerance band. 14. (canceled) 15. (canceled) 16. The system of claim 10, wherein the frame is a ring frame comprising a plurality of supporting members and a top substantially circular region, wherein the isolation springs are flexures, wherein the engine housing and passive balancer are suspended by the flexures. 17. The system of claim 1, wherein the concentrator comprises a chassis, the chassis comprising a first mating surface and a second mating surface, both mating surfaces sandwiching a plurality of elongate members which radiate outward from a common center, each of the plurality of panels attached to at least one elongate member. 18.-59. (canceled) 60. A method for reducing over-insolation of a heat exchanger, the method comprising the steps of: providing a heat exchanger having a surface area for absorbing solar radiation; concentrating solar radiation on the surface area of the heat exchanger such that the concentrated solar radiation impinges on a portion of the entire surface area of the heat exchanger; and moving the concentrated solar radiation about the surface area of the heat exchanger in a pattern. 61. (canceled) 62. The method of claim 61, wherein the pattern is substantially circular. 63. The method of claim 62, wherein the solar radiation is moved about the surface at about 1 to about 30 revolutions per minute. 64. The method of claim 60, wherein the step of moving the concentrated solar radiation comprises randomized movement of the concentrated solar radiation. 65. The method of claim 60, wherein concentrated light impinges on less than about 100% of the entire surface area of the heat exchanger. 66. The method of claim 60, comprising the step of reducing the portion of the surface area onto which concentrated solar radiation impinges when the temperature of the heat exchanger reaches a predetermined limit, thereby reducing thermal input. 67-69. (canceled) 70. The method of claim 66 wherein the heat exchanger is in thermal communication with an energy converting apparatus, the energy converting apparatus selected from the group consisting of a Stirling engine, chemical energy conversion device, a thermal energy storage device, a gas turbine, a multi-cylinder engine, a multi-piston engine, a steam turbine, a steam power tower, a fuel cell, and a water-based energy generation systems. 71.-73. (canceled) 74. A method for reducing over-insolation of a heat exchanger, the method comprising the steps of: providing a solar concentrator; providing a Stirling engine; providing a heat exchanger having a surface area, the heat exchanger being in thermal communication with the Stirling engine; providing an aperture between the heat exchanger and the solar concentrator; aligning the solar concentrator and the aperture such that a fraction of the solar radiation from the solar concentrator passes through the aperture, wherein the fraction of solar radiation impinges on a portion of the surface area of the heat exchanger; and moving the solar radiation about the surface area of the heat exchanger. 75. The method of claim 74, comprising the step of reducing the portion of the surface area onto which concentrated solar radiation impinges when the temperature of the heat exchanger reaches a predetermined limit, thereby reducing thermal input. 76. The method of claim 75, comprising the step of moving the concentrated solar radiation such that substantially no concentrated solar radiation impinges on the heat exchanger when a predetermined maximum temperature, power, pressure, swept volume, resistance, current, or position, is reached. 77.-95. (canceled) 96. The method of claim 74, further comprising the steps of during non-peak solar conditions, directing most of the solar radiation from the solar concentrator through the electromagnetic radiation path; and during peak solar conditions, reducing the amount of solar radiation which passes through the electromagnetic radiation path and moving the solar radiation about the surface area of the heat exchanger, thereby reducing thermal input, spreading hot spots, reducing the rate at which the heat exchanger heats, and/or maintaining coolant temperature. 97. The method of claim 74, further comprising the step of when the heat exchanger reaches a predetermined temperature limit, reducing the amount of solar radiation which passes through the aperture, thereby reducing the amount of solar radiation impinging on the heat exchanger. 98. The method of claim 97, wherein the step of reducing the amount of solar radiation comprises misaligning the solar concentrator and the aperture. 