An energy transfer device for solar power systems operates to draw power from high-producing photovoltaic devices and apply that power across low-producing photovoltaic devices. An embodiment is a self-regulating energy exchanger using bidirectional DC-DC converters that operates to maintain uniform voltage across each series-connected photovoltaic device. An alternative embodiment is an energy exchanger that is controlled to maintain each of several series-connected photovoltaic devices at a maximum power point by drawing power from high-performing devices and applying that power across low-performing devices to provide uniform current among series-connected photovoltaic devices.
Claims 1. An energy transfer device, comprising: a first port coupled to a first interface unit, the first interface unit being coupled to a capacitor; a second port coupled to a second interface unit, the second interface unit being coupled to the capacitor; wherein the interface units are adapted to operate with the first port having a voltage offset from the second port; wherein the first interface unit is adapted to transfer energy between the first port and the capacitor, and the second interface unit is adapted to transfer energy between the second port and the capacitor; and wherein the first and second interface units are adapted to transfer energy from the first port to the capacitor and from the capacitor to the second port when energy available at the first port is greater than energy available at the second port, and wherein a terminal of the capacitor is coupled to a common return node. 2. The energy transfer device of claim 1, wherein the first and second interface units are adapted to transfer energy from the second port to the capacitor and from the capacitor to the first port when energy available at the second port is greater than energy available at the first port. 3. The energy transfer device of claim 2, further comprising a third port coupled to a third interface unit, the third interface unit being coupled to the capacitor; wherein the third interface unit is adapted to operate with the third port having a voltage offset from the first port and from the second port; and wherein the interface units are adapted to transfer energy from a first selected port having a highest energy provided to the port, the first selected port selected from the group consisting of the first, second, and third ports, the energy being transferred to the capacitor, at least a portion of the energy being transferred from the capacitor to a second selected port having a lowest energy provided to the port. 4. The energy transfer device of claim 3, the third interface unit comprising a bidirectional DC-DC converter including an inductor, the DC-DC converter adapted to operate in a continuous current conduction mode if a magnitude of current transferred by the DC-DC converter is greater than or equal to a threshold value, the DC-DC converter adapted to operate in a discontinuous conduction operating mode if the magnitude of current transferred by the DC-DC converter is less than the threshold value. 5. The energy transfer device of claim 1, wherein the energy transfer device further comprises auxiliary circuitry powered by energy drawn from the capacitor. 6. The energy transfer device of claim 1, wherein each of the first and second interface units is a bidirectional charge pump converter. 7. The energy transfer device of claim 1, wherein each of the first and second interface units is a bidirectional Cuk converter. 8. The energy transfer device of claim 1, wherein each of the first and second interface units is a bidirectional SEPIC converter. 9. A system comprising an energy transfer device, the energy transfer device including: an energy exchange bus; N ports, N being an integer greater than one, each of the N ports being coupled to an energy port of one of N interface units, where each interface unit is coupled to the energy exchange bus and is capable of transferring energy bidirectionally between the energy port and the energy exchange bus; wherein the N interface units are adapted to operate with each of the N ports having a voltage offset relative to each of at least one other of the N ports; and wherein the interface units are adapted to pass energy from a high energy port of the N ports to the energy exchange bus and from the energy exchange bus to a low energy port of the N ports. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein each of the interface units is a bidirectional Cuk converter. 11. The system of claim 9, wherein each of the interface units is a bidirectional SEPIC converter. 12. The system of claim 9, wherein each of the interface units is a bidirectional charge pump converter. 13. The system of claim 9, wherein N is greater than or equal to three. 14. The system of claim 9, further comprising N energy sources, where each energy source is coupled to a separate port of the N ports of the energy transfer device, and wherein the energy sources are coupled in series. 15. The system of claim 14, wherein switching devices of at least two interface units operate at constant frequency and duty cycle, and wherein energy flow acts to equalize voltages at ports of the energy transfer device. 16. The system of claim 14, wherein the energy sources are battery cells and the energy transfer device operates to equalize voltages across the battery cells while the battery cells are charging. 17. The system of claim 14, wherein the energy transfer device operates to equalize voltages across the energy sources while the energy sources are providing power to an output of the system. 18. The system of claim 17 wherein the energy sources are battery cells. 19. The system of claim 17 wherein the energy sources are fuel cells. 20. The system of claim 17, wherein the N energy sources are photovoltaic devices of a solar power system. 21. The system of claim 20, wherein at least one of the energy sources further comprises: M photovoltaic cells, the M photovoltaic cells being coupled electrically in series; and a second energy transfer device, including: a second energy exchange bus; M ports, M being an integer greater than one, each of the M ports being coupled to an energy port of one of M interface units, where each interface unit is coupled to the second energy exchange bus and is capable of transferring energy bidirectionally between its energy port and the second energy exchange bus; wherein the M interface units are adapted to pass energy from a high energy port of the M ports to the second energy exchange bus and from the second energy exchange bus to a low energy port of the M ports; wherein each of the M ports of the second energy transfer device is coupled to a separate photovoltaic cell of the M photovoltaic cells. 22. The system of claim 14, wherein the energy sources are photovoltaic devices, and wherein the energy transfer device further comprises a controller configured and arranged to adjust a voltage gain of each interface unit based at least partially on a maximum power point of a respective photovoltaic device coupled to the interface unit. 23. The system of claim 20, further comprising an additional photovoltaic device coupled in parallel with one of the N photovoltaic devices. 24. A solar photovoltaic array, comprising: a first and a second photovoltaic device each having a positive and a negative terminal, the first photovoltaic device being capable of producing a first electric current at a first voltage when illuminated, and the second photovoltaic device being capable of producing a second electric current at a second voltage when illuminated; wherein the first and the second photovoltaic devices are coupled electrically together in series with the positive terminal of the first photovoltaic device coupled to the negative terminal of the second photovoltaic device; and an energy transfer device having a first terminal coupled to the negative terminal of the first photovoltaic device, a second terminal coupled to the positive terminal of the first photovoltaic device and to the negative terminal of the second photovoltaic device, and a third terminal coupled to the positive terminal of the second photovoltaic device, the energy transfer device being capable of receiving energy from its first and second terminals and providing energy to its second and third terminals if a first parameter selected from the group consisting of the first current and the first voltage is greater than a second parameter selected from the group consisting of the second current and the second voltage, and of receiving energy from its second and third terminals and providing energy to its first and second terminals if the second parameter is greater than the first parameter; wherein the energy transfer device comprises at least a first inductor, and wherein receiving energy from its first and second terminals is performed by alternately closing and opening a first switching device, the first switching device coupling the first inductor across the first and second terminals. 25. The photovoltaic array of claim 24, wherein the energy transfer device comprises at least a first inductor, and wherein receiving energy from its first and second terminals is performed by alternately closing and opening a first switching device, the first switching device coupling the first inductor across the first and second terminals, and wherein the energy transfer device comprises a bidirectional Cuk converter. 26. The photovoltaic array of claim 25, wherein the Cuk converter is a transformer isolated Cuk converter. 27. The photovoltaic array of claim 24, wherein the energy transfer device comprises at least a first inductor, and wherein receiving energy from its first and second terminals is performed by alternately closing and opening a first switching device, the first switching device coupling the first inductor across the first and second terminals, and wherein the energy transfer device comprises a bidirectional capacitively-isolated Cuk converter. 28. The photovoltaic array of claim 24, further comprising a third photovoltaic device having a negative terminal coupled to the positive terminal of the second photovoltaic device, the third photovoltaic device being capable of producing a third current at a third voltage when illuminated; wherein the energy transfer device has a fourth terminal coupled to a positive terminal of the third photovoltaic device, and wherein the energy transfer device is capable of receiving energy from its first and second terminal and providing energy to its third and fourth terminals if the first current is greater than the third current. 29. The photovoltaic array of claim 24, wherein the first and second photovoltaic devices are factory-assembled modules comprising multiple photovoltaic cells and adapted for field assembly into a multiple-module photovoltaic array. 30. The photovoltaic array of claim 24, wherein the photovoltaic array is a factory-assembled module adapted for field assembly into a multiple-module photovoltaic array, and wherein the first and second photovoltaic devices are photovoltaic cells within the module. 31. The photovoltaic array of claim 24, wherein the first photovoltaic device comprises at least a first and second photocell electrically connected in series with the second photovoltaic device, and a second energy transfer device is coupled to transfer energy from terminals of a high producing photocell selected from the group consisting of the first photocell and the second photocell of the first photovoltaic device, and to transfer the energy to terminals of a low producing photocell selected from the group consisting of the first photocell and the second photocell of the first photovoltaic device. 32. The photovoltaic array of claim 31, wherein the first photovoltaic device is a factory-assembled module incorporating the second energy transfer device and adapted for field assembly into a photovoltaic array. 33. The photovoltaic array of claim 32, further comprising a third photovoltaic device coupled in parallel with the first photovoltaic device. 34. The photovoltaic array of claim 33, further comprising a charge controller and a battery. 35. The photovoltaic array of claim 34, further comprising an energy transfer device coupled to balance charge in the battery by transferring energy from a high voltage cell of the battery to a low voltage cell of the battery. 36. The photovoltaic array of claim 31, further comprising a grid-tie inverter, energy from the photovoltaic devices being coupled to power the grid-tie inverter, the grid-tie inverter capable of synchronously feeding energy into an alternating-current power distribution system. 37. The photovoltaic array of claim 24, wherein the energy transfer device is a transformer-coupled bidirectional converter. 38. The photovoltaic array of claim 24, wherein the photovoltaic array is capable under standard conditions of producing power substantially in excess of a power rating of the energy transfer device. 39. A solar photovoltaic array, comprising: a first, a second, and a third photovoltaic device each having a power output port having positive and negative terminals, the first photovoltaic device being capable of producing a first electric current at a first voltage when illuminated, the second photovoltaic device being capable of producing a second electric current at a second voltage when illuminated, and the third photovoltaic device being capable of producing a third electric current at a third voltage when illuminated; wherein the power output ports of the first, the second, and the third photovoltaic devices are coupled electrically together in series; an energy transfer device having a first port coupled to the power output port of the first photovoltaic device, a second port coupled to the power output port of the second photovoltaic device, and a third port coupled to the power output port of the third photovoltaic device, the energy transfer device being capable of receiving energy from its first port and providing energy to its second port if a first parameter selected from the group consisting of the first current and the first voltage is greater than a second parameter selected from the group consisting of the second current and the second voltage, and of receiving energy from its second port and providing energy to its first port if the second parameter is greater than the first parameter; and wherein the energy transfer device is capable of receiving energy from the first port and providing energy to its third port if the first parameter is greater than a third parameter selected from the group consisting of the third current and the third voltage, and of receiving energy from its third port and providing energy to its first port if the third parameter is greater than the first parameter. 40. The photovoltaic array of claim 39, wherein the energy transfer device comprises at least a first and a second converter stage, where each converter stage comprises: a. an inductor having a first terminal coupled to a first terminal of a first port of the converter stage; b. a switching device for coupling a second terminal of the inductor to a second terminal of the first port of the converter stage; c. an isolation capacitor having a first terminal coupled to the second terminal of the inductor and a second terminal coupled to transfer power between the first port of the converter stage and a second port of the converter stage; wherein the first port of the first converter stage is coupled to the first port of the energy transfer device; the first port of the second converter stage is coupled to the second port of the energy transfer device; and the second port of the first and second converter stages are coupled together and to a common energy storage device. 41. A system comprising a first energy transfer device for transferring energy from a high-producing device to a low-producing device, the first energy transfer device, comprising: a first port for coupling to a first photovoltaic device; a second port for coupling to a second photovoltaic device; a controller for determining a port attached to a low producing device selected from the group consisting of the first port and the second port, and for determining a port attached to a high producing device selected from the group consisting of the first port and the second port; at least a first inductor, and a first switching device coupled in series with the first inductor, the first inductor being coupled to the first port; wherein the energy transfer device is operable with the first and the second ports coupled together in series; and wherein energy transfer from the first port is performed by a method comprising alternately closing and opening the first switching device at a high frequency, and wherein opening the first switching device disconnects at least one terminal of the inductor from the first port. 42. The system of claim 41, wherein the energy transfer device is incorporated into a module for assembly into a photovoltaic array, the module further comprising at least a first photovoltaic device coupled to the first port and a second photovoltaic device coupled to the second port, wherein each of the first and the second photovoltaic devices comprises a photovoltaic cell. 43. The system of claim 41, further comprising at least one photovoltaic module coupled to the first port of the first energy transfer device and at least one photovoltaic module coupled to the second port of the first energy transfer device, wherein each photovoltaic module comprises at least a plurality of series-connected photovoltaic cells assembled to a common module substrate. 44. The system of claim 43, wherein at least one photovoltaic module further comprises a second energy transfer device capable of transferring energy from at least one high-producing photovoltaic cell of the module to a lower-producing photovoltaic cell of the module. 45. The system of claim 44, wherein at least one port of the first energy transfer device is coupled to at least two photovoltaic modules coupled together in parallel. 46. The system of claim 41, wherein the first inductor is part of a CUK converter. 47. A system comprising a first energy transfer device for transferring energy from a high-current-producing junction of a first stacked multijunction photovoltaic device to a low-current-producing junction of the photovoltaic device, the first energy transfer device comprising: a first port for coupling to the high-producing junction of the photovoltaic device; a second port for coupling to the low-producing junction of the photovoltaic device; at least a first inductor coupled to at least one port selected from the group consisting of the first and second port, and a first switching device coupled in series with the first inductor; and a controller for monitoring voltages at the high-current-producing and low-current-producing junctions and for determining switching of the first switching device to maintain at least an approximate maximum power point for each junction of the multijunction photovoltaic device. 48. A system according to claim 47 further comprising a second energy transfer device for transferring energy from a high-current-producing junction of a second stacked multijunction photovoltaic device to a low-current-producing junction of the second photovoltaic device, the second energy transfer device, comprising: a third port for coupling to the high-producing junction of the second photovoltaic device; a fourth port for coupling to the low-producing junction of the second photovoltaic device; and at least a second inductor coupled to at least one port selected from the group consisting of the third and fourth port, and a second switching device coupled in series with the second inductor. 49. The system of claim 44, wherein the first inductor is part of a CUK converter. 50. A system comprising a first energy transfer device for transferring energy from a high-current-producing junction of a first stacked multijunction photovoltaic device to a low-current-producing junction of the photovoltaic device, the first energy transfer device comprising: a first port for coupling to the high-producing junction of the photovoltaic device; a second port for coupling to the low-producing junction of the photovoltaic device; at least a first inductor coupled to at least one port selected from the group consisting of the first and second port, and a first switching device coupled in series with the first inductor; and a controller for monitoring voltages at the high-current-producing and low-current-producing junctions and for determining switching of the first switching device to maintain at least an approximate maximum power point for each junction of the multijunction photovoltaic device. 51. A system according to claim 50 further comprising a second energy transfer device for transferring energy from a high-current-producing junction of a second stacked multijunction photovoltaic device to a low-current-producing junction of the second photovoltaic device, the second energy transfer device, comprising: a third port for coupling to the high-producing junction of the second photovoltaic device; a fourth port for coupling to the low-producing junction of the second photovoltaic device; and at least a second inductor coupled to at least one port selected from the group consisting of the third and fourth port, and a second switching device coupled in series with the second inductor. 52. A system according to claim 51 further comprising a third energy transfer device for transferring energy from the first stacked multijunction photovoltaic device to the second stacked multijunction photovoltaic device. 53. A system for driving a load comprising: a first DC-DC converter coupled to transfer power from a first energy source to a capacitor; and a second DC-DC converter coupled to transfer power from a second energy source to the capacitor; wherein the first and second energy sources, and the capacitor, are coupled electrically in series to drive the load; and wherein the energy sources are selected from the group consisting of photovoltaic devices, batteries, and fuel cells. 54. The system of claim 53 wherein the energy sources are selected from the group consisting of batteries, fuel cells, and photovoltaic devices. 55. The system of claim 53 wherein the first and second DC-DC converters cooperate to regulate voltage at the capacitor. 56. A system for driving an electrical load comprising: a plurality of blocks, the blocks having outputs electrically coupled together in series, each block further comprising a first photovoltaic device coupled to power a first controllable DC-DC converter, the first controllable DC-DC converter coupled to power the output of the block; a second photovoltaic device coupled to a second controllable DC-DC converter, the second DC-DC converter coupled to power the output of the block, and a controller; wherein the controller of each block comprises apparatus for determining a maximum power point for the first and for the second photovoltaic device, and apparatus for controlling the first and the second DC-DC converter to operate the DC-DC converters at the maximum power point while maintaining the output of each block at less than a predetermined maximum voltage. 57. The system of claim 56 further comprising a controller for monitoring a load voltage and for apportioning desired output voltages among the plurality of blocks. 58. A subsystem comprising: a photovoltaic device having a plurality of junctions selected from the group consisting of a multiple junction stacked photovoltaic device and a split spectrum device; at least a first DC-DC converter coupled to transfer energy from a high-current-producing junction of the photovoltaic device to across at least one low-current-producing junction of the photovoltaic device, the high-current-producing junction electrically coupled in series with the low-current-producing junction. 59. The subsystem of claim 58 wherein the first DC-DC converters operate with a fixed, predetermined, gain. 60. The subsystem of claim 58 wherein the first DC-DC converter optimizes a parameter selected from the group consisting of power output from the higher-current-producing junction, power output from the photovoltaic device, and power output from the subsystem. 61. The subsystem of claim 58 wherein the photovoltaic device comprises at least three junctions, and further comprising a second DC-DC converter coupled to transfer energy from a second high-current-producing junction of the photovoltaic device to across at least one low-current-producing junction of the photovoltaic device. 62. The subsystem of claim 61 wherein the first and second DC-DC converter cooperate to optimize a parameter selected from the group consisting of power output of the photovoltaic device, and power output of the subsystem. 63. The subsystem of claim 58 wherein the first DC-DC converter is a unidirectional converter. 64. A subsystem comprising: at least a first photovoltaic device selected from the group consisting of a multiple junction stacked photovoltaic device having a plurality of photovoltaic junctions coupled electrically in series, and a split-spectrum photovoltaic device having a plurality of photovoltaic junctions coupled electrically in series; at least a first DC-DC converter coupled to transfer energy between an output of the first photovoltaic device and at least one specific junction of the at least a first photovoltaic device; a controller configured to determine switching of at least one switching device of the first DC-DC converter to optimize power output from the first photovoltaic device. 65. The subsystem of claim 64 wherein the first DC-DC converters operate with a fixed, predetermined, gain. 66. The subsystem of claim 65 wherein the controller monitors voltages of at least one junction of the first photovoltaic device to control switching of the at least one switching device. 67. The subsystem of claim 64 wherein the controller monitors voltages of at least one junction of the first photovoltaic device to control switching of the at least one switching device. 68. The subsystem of claim 64 wherein the subsystem provides power through a second DC-DC converter, and further comprising at least a second photovoltaic device selected from the group consisting of a multiple junction stacked photovoltaic device having a plurality of photovoltaic junctions coupled electrically in series, and a split-spectrum photovoltaic device having a plurality of photovoltaic junctions coupled electrically in series; at least a third DC-DC converter coupled to transfer energy between an output of the second photovoltaic device and at least one specific junctions of the at least the second photovoltaic device; a fourth DC-DC converter coupled to receive power from the second photovoltaic device; and wherein outputs of the second and fourth DC-DC converters are electrically coupled in series. 69. The subsystem of claim 64 further comprising a second photovoltaic device electrically coupled in series with the first photovoltaic device, and a second DC-DC converter coupled to transfer energy between the first photovoltaic device and the second photovoltaic device. 70. The subsystem of claim 69 wherein the first and second DC-DC converters operate with switching transitions phase-offset between converters. 71. The subsystem of claim 70 wherein inductors of the first and second DC-DC converters are magnetically coupled. 72. The subsystem of claim 69 wherein the first and second DC-DC converter cooperate to optimize a parameter selected from the group consisting of power from the first and second photovoltaic devices, and power from the subsystem. 73. A subsystem comprising at least a first and a second photovoltaic junction coupled to an energy transfer device, the first photovoltaic junction capable of producing more current than the second photovoltaic junction, the energy transfer device comprising a DC-DC converter coupled to transfer energy from the first to at least the second photovoltaic junction. 74. The subsystem of claim 73 further comprising a third photovoltaic junction and a second DC-DC converter, the third photovoltaic junction capable of producing less current than the first and second photovoltaic junctions, the second DC-DC converter coupled to transfer energy from at least the first to at least the third photovoltaic junction. 75. The subsystem of claim 74 wherein the first and second DC-DC converters have an output coupled across the second and third photovoltaic junctions, and the second DC-DC converter has an input coupled across the first and second photovoltaic junctions. 76. The subsystem of claim 74 wherein the first and second DC-DC converters operate with a fixed, predetermined, gain. 77. The subsystem of claim 74 wherein the first and second DC-DC converters operate with switching transitions phase-offset between converters. 78. The subsystem of claim 75 wherein inductors of the first and second DC-DC converters are magnetically coupled. 