A multijunction solar cell including an upper first solar subcell having a first band gap; a second solar subcell adjacent to the first solar subcell and having a second band gap smaller than the first band gap; a graded interlayer adjacent to the second solar subcell, the first graded interlayer having a third band gap greater than the second band gap; and a third solar subcell adjacent to the graded interlayer, the third subcell having a fourth band gap smaller than the second band gap such that the third subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to the second subcell. A lower fourth solar subcell is provided adjacent to the third subcell and lattice matched thereto, the lower fourth subcell having a fifth band gap smaller than the fourth band gap.
Claims 1. A multijunction solar cell comprising: an upper first solar subcell having a first band gap in the range of approximately 1.8 to 2.1 eV; a second solar subcell adjacent to said first solar subcell and having a second band gap smaller than said first band gap and in the range of approximately 1.35 to 1.45 eV; a graded interlayer adjacent to said second solar subcell, said graded interlayer having a third band gap and being composed of (In.sub.xGa.sub.1-x).sub.y Al.sub.1-yAs with x and y selected such that the third band gap of said interlayer is greater than said second band gap and remains constant throughout its thickness at approximately 1.5 eV; a third solar subcell adjacent to said graded interlayer, said third subcell having a fourth band gap smaller than said second band gap and in the range of approximately 0.9 to 1.1 eV such that said third subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to said second subcell; and a lower fourth solar subcell adjacent to said third solar subcell, said lower fourth subcell having a fifth band gap smaller than said fourth band gap and in the range of approximately 0.6 to 0.8 eV, wherein said lower fourth subcell is lattice matched with respect to said third subcell, wherein said graded interlayer is compositionally graded to lattice match the second subcell on one side and the third subcell on the other side. 2. The multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 1, wherein said graded interlayer is composed of any of the As, N, Sb based III-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the second subcell and less than or equal to that of the third subcell, and having a band gap energy greater than that of the second subcell and of the third subcell. 3. The multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 1, wherein the upper first subcell is composed of an InGaP emitter layer and an InGaP base layer. 4. The multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 1, wherein the second subcell is composed of InGaP emitter layer and a GaAs base layer. 5. The multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 1, wherein the third subcell is composed of an InGaP emitter layer and an InGaAs base layer. 6. The multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 1, wherein the lower fourth subcell is composed of an InGaAs base layer and an InGaAs emitter layer. 7. The multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 1, wherein the upper first subcell is composed of an InGaP emitter layer and an InGaP base layer, the second subcell is composed of InGaP emitter layer and a GaAs base layer, the third subcell is composed of an InGaP emitter layer and an InGaAs base layer, and the lower fourth subcell is composed of an InGaAs base layer and an InGaAs emitter layer. 8. The multijunction solar cell as defined in claim 1, wherein the upper first subcell is composed of an InGaP.sub.2 emitter layer and an InGaP.sub.2 base layer, the second subcell is composed of InGaP.sub.2 emitter layer and a GaAs base layer, the third subcell is composed of an InGaAsP emitter layer and an InGaAsP base layer, and the lower fourth subcell is composed of an InGaAs base layer and an InGaAs emitter layer. 9. A method of manufacturing a solar cell comprising: providing a first substrate; forming an upper first solar subcell having a first band gap on said first substrate; forming a second solar subcell adjacent to said first solar subcell and having a second band gap smaller than said first band gap; forming a graded interlayer adjacent to said second solar subcell, said graded interlayer having a third band gap greater than said second band gap; forming a third solar subcell adjacent to said graded interlayer, said third subcell having a fourth band gap smaller than said second band gap such that said third subcell is lattice mismatched with respect to said second subcell; forming a lower fourth solar subcell adjacent to said third solar subcell, said lower fourth subcell having a fifth band gap smaller than said fourth band gap, wherein said lower fourth subcell is lattice matched with respect to said third subcell; mounting a surrogate substrate on top of said lower fourth solar subcell; and removing the first substrate. 10. A method as defined in claim 9, wherein the lower fourth subcell has a band gap in the range of 0.6 to 0.8 eV, the third subcell has a band gap in the range of 0.9 to 1.1 eV, the second subcell has a band gap in the range of 1.35 to 1.45 eV, and the upper first subcell has a band gap in the range of 1.8 to 2.1 eV. 11. A method as defined in claim 9, wherein the first substrate is composed of gallium arsenide or germanium, and the surrogate substrate is composed of sapphire, GaAs, Ge or Si. 12. A method as defined in claim 9, wherein the graded interlayer is compositionally graded to lattice match the second subcell on one side and the third subcell on the other side. 13. A method as defined in claim 9, wherein said graded interlayer is composed of any of the As, N, Sb based III-V compound semiconductors subject to the constraints of having the in-plane lattice parameter greater or equal to that of the second subcell and less than or equal to that of the third subcell, and having a band gap energy greater than that of the second subcell and of the third subcell. 14. A method as defined in claim 9, wherein the graded interlayer is composed of (In.sub.xGa.sub.1-x).sub.y Al.sub.1-yAs with x and y selected such that the band gap of said interlayer remains constant throughout its thickness 15. A method as defined in claim 9, wherein the band gap of the graded interlayer remains constant at 1.5 eV. 16. A method as defined in claim 9, wherein the upper first subcell is composed of and InGaP emitter layer and an InGaP base layer, the second subcell is composed of InGaP emitter layer and a GaAs base layer, the third subcell is composed of an InGaP emitter layer and an InGaAs base layer, and the lower fourth subcell is composed of an InGaAs base layer and an InGaAs emitter layer. 17. A method as defined in claim 9, wherein the upper first subcell is composed of an InGaP.sub.2 emitter layer and an InGaP.sub.2 base layer, the second subcell is composed of InGaP.sub.2 emitter layer and a GaAs base layer, the third subcell is composed of an InGaAsP emitter layer and an InGaAsP base layer, and the lower fourth subcell is composed of an InGaAs base layer and an InGaAs emitter layer. 18. A method of manufacturing a solar cell comprising: providing a first substrate; depositing on the first substrate a first sequence of layers of semiconductor material forming a first solar subcell and a second solar subcell; depositing on said first and second solar subcells a grading interlayer; depositing on said grading interlayer a second sequence of layers of semiconductor material including a third solar subcell and a fourth solar subcell; mounting and bonding a surrogate substrate on top of the second sequence of layers; and removing the first substrate. 19. A method as defined in claim 18, wherein the first solar subcell is composed of and InGaP emitter layer and an InGaP base layer, the second solar subcell is composed of InGaP emitter layer and a GaAs base layer, the third solar subcell is composed of an InGaP emitter layer and an InGaAs base layer, and the fourth solar subcell is composed of an InGaAs base layer and an InGaAs emitter layer. 20. A method as defined in claim 18, wherein the first solar subcell is composed of an InGaP.sub.2 emitter layer and an InGaP.sub.2 base layer, the second solar subcell is composed of InGaP.sub.2 emitter layer and a GaAs base layer, the third solar subcell is composed of an InGaAsP emitter layer and an InGaAsP base layer, and the fourth solar subcell is composed of an InGaAs base layer and an InGaAs emitter layer. 