Methods and apparatus that receive, at a wireless device, power through wire or inductive pad are described. The received power is monitored to back up data from the device to a server in a network through an OTA (over the air) wireless interface. The data is transmitted to the server to back up the data on the device. While backing up the data, whether the power has been removed from the device is determined. The backing up of the data in the device can be terminated automatically and without user request, in response to the determination that the power has been removed.
Claims 1. A machine-readable non-transitory storage medium having instructions therein, which when executed by a machine, causes the machine to perform a method, the method comprising: receiving, at a wireless device, power through wire or inductive pad; monitoring the power received; backing up data from the device to a server in a network through an OTA (over the air) wireless interface, the data being transmitted to the server to back up data on the device; determining, while backing up the data, that the power has been removed from the device; and automatically, and without user request, terminating the backing up of the data in the device in response to the determining that the power has been removed. 2. The medium of claim 1, wherein: charging a battery inside the device from the received power, wherein termination of the charging the battery indicates the power has been removed. 3. The medium of claim 1, wherein the monitoring comprises: detecting a disconnection of the power received; and generating a signal indicating that the power has been removed from the device via the disconnection. 4. The medium of claim 3, wherein the power is received at the device via a power plug and wherein the disconnection is caused by an unplug event of the power plug from the device. 5. The medium of claim 3, wherein the power is received at the device via a power plug and wherein the disconnection is caused by an unplug event of the power plug from the device. 6. The medium of claim 3, wherein the power is received at the device via a solar panel coupled to the device and wherein the disconnection is caused by lack of access to solar source in the solar panel when the device relocates. 7. The medium of claim 1, wherein the backing up the data comprises performing a plurality of backup operation, wherein the backing up the data is in progress with at least a remaining one of the backup operations yet to be performed when the power is removed from the device. 8. The medium of claim 7, wherein the backing up the data is terminated without performing the remaining backup operation. 9. The medium of claim 7, wherein the backing up the data is in progress for one of the backup operations, wherein the one backup operation is atomic and wherein the backing up the data is terminated after the one backup operation is completed. 10. The medium of claim 7, wherein the backing up the data is in progress for one of the backup operations, wherein the backing up the data is terminated before the one backup operation is completed. 11. The medium of claim 8, wherein the backing up the data further comprises: tracking a terminated state of the backing up the data, wherein the terminated state indicating which of the backup operations have been completed when the power is removed from the device. 12. The medium of claim 11, further comprising: detecting a reconnection of the power after the backing up the data has been terminated; and resuming the backing up the data after the reconnection of the power is detected. 13. The medium of claim 12, wherein the backing up the data is resumed from the terminated state without performing the backup operations which have been completed before the reconnection of the power is detected. 14. A machine-readable non-transitory storage medium having instructions therein, which when executed by a machine, causes the machine to perform a method, the method comprising: monitoring a state of an external power source to the device, the state indicating whether the external power source is available; backing up data from the device to a server in a network through a wireless interface to transmit the data to the server via a plurality of backup operations; detecting that the external power source is not available according to the state monitored when at least a remaining one of the backup operations has not been performed; and terminating, and without user request, the backing up of the data in the device without performing the remaining operations in response to the detection that the external power source is not available. 15. The medium of claim 14, wherein the backup operations includes a current backup operation for a current file in the device, and wherein the backing up the data comprises: performing the current backup operation when the state indicates the external power source is not available, wherein the current backup operation is atomic. 16. The medium of claim 15, wherein the state indicates the external power source is not available before the current backup operation is completed and wherein the backing up of the data is terminated after the current backup operation is completed. 17. The medium of claim 14, wherein the method further comprises: tracking an anchor of the backup operations for the backing up the data, wherein the anchor indicates which backup operations have been completed when the backup up the data is terminated. 18. The medium of claim 17, further comprising: detecting that the external power source becomes available according to the state monitored after the backing up the data has been terminated; and resuming the backing up the data without performing the backup operations which have been completed as indicated by the anchor. 19. The medium of claim 18, wherein the data is backed up to a separate server from the server after the backup the data is resumed. 20. A computer implemented method comprising: receiving, at a wireless device, power through wire or inductive pad; monitoring the power received; backing up data from the device to a server in a network through an OTA (over the air) wireless interface, the data being transmitted to the server to back up data on the device; determining, while backing up the data, that the power has been removed from the device; and automatically, and without user request, terminating the backing up of the data in the device in response to the determining that the power has been removed. 21. A computer implemented method comprising: monitoring a state of an external power source to the device, the state indicating whether the external power source is available; backing up data from the device to a server in a network through a wireless interface to transmit the data to the server via a plurality of backup operations; detecting that the external power source is not available according to the state monitored when at least a remaining one of the backup operations has not been performed; and terminating, and without user request, the backing up of the data in the device without performing the remaining operations in response to the detection that the external power source is not available. 22. A computer system for a device comprising: a memory storing executable instructions; a wireless network interface coupled to at least a backup server; a power port coupled to at least an external source for power; a processor coupled to the memory, the network interface and the power port to execute the instructions from the memory, the processor being configured to receive the power through wire or inductive pad via the power port, monitor the power received, back up data from the device to the backup server in a network through the wireless network interface, the data being transmitted to the backup server to back up data on the device, determine, while backing up the data, that the power has been removed from the device, and automatically, and without user request, terminate the backing up of the data in the device in response to the determining that the power has been removed. 