Photobioreactor systems including a supply material processing sub-system, a reactor sub-system, a product material processing sub-system, and a solar energy supply sub-system are provided. The reactor sub-system includes a photobioreactor configured for containing a reaction mixture that is operative for effecting photosynthesis upon exposure to photosynthetically active light radiation. The supply material processing sub-system is configured for supplying the reactor with supply material. The product material processing sub-system is configured for receiving reaction zone product discharged from the reactor and effecting separation of a liquid component from the received reaction zone product. The solar energy supply sub-system includes at least one solar collector mounted to the photobioreactor and includes a solar collector surface configured for receiving incident solar radiation and configured for transmitting energy derived from received incident solar radiation and supplying energy to at least one of the other sub-systems.
Claims 1. A photobioreactor system comprising: a supply material processing sub-system; a reactor sub-system including a photobioreactor configured for containing a reaction mixture that is operative for effecting photosynthesis upon exposure to photosynthetically active light radiation, wherein the reaction mixture includes photosynthesis reaction reagents; wherein the supply material processing sub-system is configured for supplying the reactor with supply material, wherein the supply material includes at least one of the photosynthesis reaction reagents; a product material processing sub-system configured for receiving reaction zone product discharged from the reactor and effecting separation of a liquid component from the received reaction zone product; and a solar energy supply sub-system including at least one solar collector, wherein each one of the at least one solar collector is mounted to the photobioreactor and includes a solar collector surface configured for receiving incident solar radiation such that at least one solar collector surface is provided to define a total photobioreactor-connected solar collector surface area, wherein each one of the at least one solar collector is operatively coupled to an energy supply component that is configured for transmitting energy derived from the received incident solar radiation and supplying the energy to at least one of the other sub-systems; wherein the total photobioreactor-connected solar collector surface area is at least 75 square metres. 2. The photobioreactor system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the photosynthesis reaction reagents include phototrophic biomass material, carbon dioxide, and water. 3. The photobioreactor as claimed in claim 1, wherein for at least one of the at least one solar collector, the energy supply component includes an energy conversion and supply component configured for converting at least a fraction of the received incident solar radiation to electricity and transmitting the electricity for powering one or more electrical loads, each of which is configured for supplying energy to at least one of the other sub-systems. 4. The photobioreactor as claimed in claim 3, wherein the supplying energy to at least one of the other sub-systems includes effecting the supply of energy to a respective process material component of at least one of the other sub-systems; and wherein the photosynthesis reaction reagents being supplied by the supply material processing sub-system define the respective process material component of the supply material processing sub-system; and wherein the photosynthesis reaction reagents within the reaction zone define the respective process material component of the reactor sub-system; and wherein the reaction zone product discharged from the photobioreactor defines the respective process material component of the product material processing sub-system. 5. The photobioreactor as claimed in claim 3, wherein, for at least one of the at least one solar collector, the respective energy conversion and supply component includes a photovoltaic cell that is electrically coupled to the one or more electrical loads. 6. The photobioreactor as claimed in claim 1, wherein, for at least one of the at least one solar collector, the energy supply component, to which the solar collector is operatively coupled, includes a light transmission component configured for transmitting light energy, derived from at least a fraction of the received incident solar radiation, and effecting its supply to the reaction mixture disposed within the reaction zone of the photobioreactor to thereby effect exposure of the reaction mixture to photosynthetically active light radiation. 7. A photobioreactor system comprising: a supply material processing sub-system; a reactor sub-system including a photobioreactor configured for containing a reaction mixture that is operative for effecting photosynthesis upon exposure to photosynthetically active light radiation, wherein the reaction mixture includes photosynthesis reaction reagents; wherein the supply material processing sub-system is configured for supplying the reactor with supply material, wherein the supply material includes at least one of the photosynthesis reaction reagents; a product material processing sub-system configured for receiving reaction zone product discharged from the reactor and effecting separation of a liquid component from the received reaction zone product; and a solar energy supply sub-system including at least one solar collector, wherein each one of the at least one solar collector is mounted to an operative mounting surface of the photobioreactor and includes a solar collector surface configured for receiving incident solar radiation, wherein each one of the at least one solar collector is operatively coupled to an energy supply component that is configured for transmitting energy derived from the received incident solar radiation and supplying the energy to at least one of the other sub-systems; wherein the operative mounting surface is oriented within 45 degrees of the vertical. 8. The photobioreactor system as claimed in claim 7, wherein the operative mounting surface is oriented within 25 degrees of the vertical. 9. The photobioreactor system as claimed in claim 7, wherein the operative mounting surface is oriented within 15 degrees of the vertical. 10. The photobioreactor system as claimed in claim 7, wherein the operative mounting surface is oriented within 5 degrees of the vertical. 11. The photobioreactor system as claimed in claim 7, wherein the photobioreactor system is disposed either at least 25 degrees north of the equator or at least 25 degrees south of the equator. 12. The photobioreactor as claimed in claim 7, wherein, for at least one of the at least one solar collector, the energy supply component, to which the solar collector is operatively coupled, includes a light transmission component configured for transmitting light energy, derived from at least a fraction of the received incident solar radiation, and effecting its supply to the reaction mixture disposed within the reaction zone of the photobioreactor to thereby effect exposure of the reaction mixture to photosynthetically active light radiation. 13. The photobioreactor system as claimed in claim 7, wherein each one of the at least one solar collector is mounted to the photobioreactor and includes a solar collector surface configured for receiving incident solar radiation such that at least one solar collector surface is provided to define a total photobioreactor-connected solar collector surface area, wherein the total photobioreactor-connected solar collector surface area is at least 75 square metres. 14. A photobioreactor system comprising: a photobioreactor configured for containing a reaction mixture in a reaction zone, wherein the reaction mixture is operative for effecting photosynthesis upon exposure to photosynthetically active light radiation, and includes photosynthesis reaction reagents, and wherein the reaction zone includes a volume of at least 3000 litres; a plurality of operative light transmission components configured for supplying light energy to the reaction zone of the photobioreactor to thereby effect exposure of the reaction mixture within at least 80% of the reaction zone to photosynthetically active light radiation, wherein each one of the operative light transmission components is mounted to and extends into the reaction zone from an operative portion of an internal surface of the photobioreactor for an operative distance, wherein the operative distance is less than five (5) metres. 15. The photobioreactor system as claimed in claim 14, wherein at least a fraction of the light energy which the light transmission components are configured to supply is derivable from incident solar radiation received by a solar collector mounted to the photobioreactor. 16. A photobioreactor system comprising: a supply material processing sub-system; a reactor sub-system including a photobioreactor configured for containing a reaction mixture that is operative for effecting photosynthesis upon exposure to photosynthetically active light radiation, wherein the reaction mixture includes photosynthesis reaction reagents; wherein the supply material processing sub-system is configured for supplying the reactor with supply material, wherein the supply material includes at least one of the photosynthesis reaction reagents; a product material processing sub-system configured for receiving reaction zone product discharged from the reactor and effecting separation of a liquid component from the received reaction zone product; and a solar energy supply sub-system including at least one solar collector, wherein each one of the at least one solar collector includes a solar collector surface configured for receiving incident solar radiation, and also including a plurality of vertically spaced energy supply components, wherein each one of the vertically spaced energy supply components is configured for transmitting energy derived from the received incident solar radiation and supplying the energy to at least one of the other sub-systems, wherein each one of the at least one solar collector is operatively coupled to at least one of the vertically spaced energy supply components; wherein each one of the vertically spaced energy supply components extends into the reaction zone from an operative portion of an internal surface of the photobioreactor, wherein the internal surface of the photobioreactor defines a space including the reaction zone; wherein each one of the vertically spaced energy supply components is disposed at a different vertical position relative to the other ones of the vertically spaced energy supply components. 17. The photobioreactor system as claimed in claim 16, wherein each one of the vertically spaced energy transmission devices extends into the reaction zone from an operative portion of an internal surface, such that a plurality of internal operative surface portions are provided, wherein each one of the internal operative surface portions is disposed at a different vertical position relative to the other ones of the internal operative surface portions. 18. The photobioreactor system as claimed in claim 16, wherein each one of the internal operative surface portions is oriented within 45 degrees of the vertical. 19. The photobioreactor system as claimed in claim 16, wherein each one of the vertically spaced energy transmission devices is mounted to the photobioreactor. 20. The photobioreactor system as claimed in claim 16, wherein, for at least one of the at least one solar collector, at least one of the at least one energy supply component, to which the solar collector is operatively coupled, includes a light transmission component configured for transmitting light energy, derived from at least a fraction of the received incident solar radiation, and effecting its supply to the reaction mixture disposed within the reaction zone of the photobioreactor to thereby effect exposure of the reaction mixture to photosynthetically active light radiation. 21. The photobioreactor system as claimed in claim 16, wherein, for at least one of the at least one solar collector, at least one of the at least one energy supply component, to which the solar collector is operatively coupled, includes a light transmission component configured for transmitting light energy, derived from at least a fraction of the received incident solar radiation, and effecting its supply to the reaction mixture disposed within the reaction zone of the photobioreactor to thereby effect exposure of the reaction mixture to photosynthetically active light radiation. 22. The photobioreactor system as claimed in claim 16, wherein the photobioreactor includes a reaction zone including a minimum vertical extent that is greater than the diameter or the width of the reaction zone. 