A method for forming a solar energy collection device includes receiving a first photovoltaic string comprising a first plurality of photovoltaic strips coupled via a first plurality of conductors, wherein the first photovoltaic string is tested to have a first dark-field current/voltage characteristic, receiving a second photovoltaic string comprising a second plurality of photovoltaic strips coupled via a second plurality of conductors, wherein the second photovoltaic string is tested to have a second dark-field current/voltage characteristic, electrically coupling the first photovoltaic string and the second photovoltaic string, and wherein the first dark-field current/voltage characteristic is substantially similar to the second dark-field current/voltage characteristic.
Claims 1. A method for forming a solar energy collection device comprising: receiving a first photovoltaic string comprising a first plurality of photovoltaic strips coupled via a first plurality of conductors, wherein the first photovoltaic string is tested to have a first dark-field current/voltage characteristic; receiving a second photovoltaic string comprising a second plurality of photovoltaic strips coupled via a second plurality of conductors, wherein the second photovoltaic string is tested to have a second dark-field current/voltage characteristic; electrically coupling the first photovoltaic string and the second photovoltaic string; wherein the first dark-field current/voltage characteristic is substantially similar to the second dark-field current/voltage characteristic. 2. The method of claim 1 further comprising determining the first dark-field current/voltage characteristic associated with the first photovoltaic string in a dark environment. 3. The method of claim 2 wherein determining the first dark-field current/voltage characteristic comprises: applying varying voltages across a pair of conductors from the first plurality of conductors; and monitoring dark-field current responses in response to the varying voltages. 4. The method of claim 3 wherein the varying voltages comprise applying positive voltages. 5. The method of claim 3 wherein the varying voltages comprise applying negative voltages. 6. The method of claim 1 further comprising: determining the second dark-field current/voltage characteristic associated with the second photovoltaic string; and determining a third dark-field current/voltage characteristic associated with a third photovoltaic string. 7. The method of claim 6 wherein the first dark-field current/voltage characteristic is more similar to the second dark-field current/voltage characteristic than to the third dark-field current/voltage characteristic, and wherein the first photovoltaic string is not electrically coupled to the third photovoltaic string. 8. A method for forming a solar energy collection device comprising: determining the first dark-field current/voltage characteristic associated with a first photovoltaic string, wherein the first photovoltaic string comprise a first plurality of photovoltaic strips coupled via a first plurality of conductors; determining the second dark-field current/voltage characteristic associated with the second photovoltaic string, wherein the second photovoltaic string comprise a second plurality of photovoltaic strips coupled via a second plurality of conductors; determining the third dark-field current/voltage characteristic associated with the third photovoltaic string, wherein the third photovoltaic string comprise a third plurality of photovoltaic strips coupled via a third plurality of conductors; selecting the first photovoltaic string and the second photovoltaic string for coupling to a fourth plurality of conductors but not the third photovoltaic string, in response to the first dark-field current/voltage characteristic, to the second dark-field current voltage characteristic, and to the third dark-field current/voltage characteristic; and electrically coupling the first photovoltaic string and the second photovoltaic string via a fourth plurality of conductors. 9. The method of claim 8 wherein determining the first dark-field current/voltage characteristic comprises: applying varying voltages across a pair of conductors from the first plurality of conductors; and monitoring dark-field current response in response to the varying voltages. 10. The method of claim 9 wherein determining the first dark-field current/voltage characteristic comprises placing the first photovoltaic string in a dark area. 11. The method of claim 9 wherein a range of varying voltages are selected from a group consisting of: a range of positive voltages, a range of negative voltages. 12. The method of claim 8 further comprising: associating the first photovoltaic string with a first performance bin; associating the second photovoltaic string with the first performance bin; and associating the third photovoltaic string with a second performance bin. 13. The method of claim 12 wherein the selecting step comprises selecting the first photovoltaic string and the second photovoltaic string from the first performance bin. 14. A light energy collection device comprising: a sheet of glass, wherein the sheet of glass includes a plurality of light concentrating geometric features, wherein each of the plurality of light concentrating geometric features are uniquely associated with an exitant region; a plurality of photovoltaic strings including a first photovoltaic string and a second photovoltaic string, are coupled to the sheet of glass, wherein each of the photovoltaic strings comprises a plurality of photovoltaic strips, wherein a position for each photovoltaic strip is configured to be aligned to at least a portion of the exitant regions associated with each of the plurality of light concentrating geometric features; wherein the plurality of photovoltaic strings are electrically coupled via a plurality of conductors to form a photovoltaic module; and wherein a dark-field current/voltage characteristic of the first photovoltaic string are substantially similar to a dark-field current/voltage characteristic of the second photovoltaic string. 15. The device of claim 14 wherein the plurality of photovoltaic strings excludes a third photovoltaic string; wherein a dark-field current/voltage characteristic is associated with the third photovoltaic string; and wherein the dark-field current/voltage characteristic of the third photovoltaic string is substantially dissimilar to the dark-field current/voltage characteristic of the first photovoltaic string. 16. The device of claim 14 wherein the dark-field current/voltage characteristic of the first photovoltaic string comprises an internal resistance associated with the first photovoltaic string. 17. The device of claim 14 wherein the dark-field current/voltage characteristic of the first photovoltaic string are selected from a group consisting of: an open circuit, a short circuit. 18. The device of claim 14 wherein the dark-field current/voltage characteristic of the first photovoltaic string are determined by placing the first photovoltaic string in a reduced-light environment. 19. The device of claim 14 further comprising an adhesive layer disposed between the sheet of glass and the photovoltaic module. 20. The device of claim 19 wherein the sheet of glass, the adhesive layer, and the photovoltaic module are annealed to form a photovoltaic module. 