A solar cell module is disclosed. The solar cell module includes a solar cell panel, first and second holding members, a reinforcing member. The panel includes a light-receiving surface, a non-light receiving surface, a first side part and a second side part. The first and second holding members hold the first and second side parts respectively. The reinforcing member is laid across the first and second holding member on a non-light receiving surface side. The adhesive is disposed between the non-light receiving surface and the reinforcing member. The reinforcing member includes a supporting part that is disposed with a gap with the non-light receiving surface and that supports the non-light receiving surface via the adhesive. The supporting part includes a first main surface, a second main surface and a through hole. At least one part of the adhesive is located within the through hole.
Claims 1. A solar cell module comprising: a solar cell panel comprising a light-receiving surface, a non-light receiving surface that corresponds to a rear surface of the light-receiving surface, and a first side part and a second side part that are located between the light-receiving surface and the non-light receiving surface and that also are not located in one and the same plane; a first holding member holding the first side part of the solar cell panel; a second holding member holding the second side part of the solar cell panel; a long reinforcing member installed across the first holding member and the second holding member on the non-light receiving surface side; and an adhesive disposed between the non-light receiving surface and the reinforcing member, wherein the reinforcing member comprises a supporting part that is disposed with a gap with the non-light receiving surface and that supports the non-light receiving surface of the solar cell panel via the adhesive, the supporting part comprises: a first main surface located on the non-light receiving surface side; a second main surface that corresponds to the rear surface of the first main surface; and a through hole that passes from the first main surface to the second main surface, wherein at least one part of the adhesive is located within the through hole. 2. The solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the supporting part comprises a groove part that links with the through hole and that also opens at the first main surface. 3. The solar cell module according to claim 2, wherein the groove part communicates with an outside space. 4. The solar cell module according to claim 1, further comprising a shock-absorbing material disposed in the gap between the reinforcing member and the non-light receiving surface. 5. The solar cell module according to claim 4, wherein a plurality of the through holes are disposed along the longitudinal direction of the supporting part, and a plurality of the shock-absorbing materials are disposed in the longitudinal direction of the supporting part so as to correspond to the plurality of through holes and also so as to be mutually spaced apart from one another. 6. A solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the supporting part comprises a curved part that is curved so as to be spaced away from the non-light receiving surface, and wherein the through hole is disposed in the curved part. 7. The solar cell module according to claim 6, wherein, of the supporting part, the curved part is located at a center part in a direction that is perpendicular to the longitudinal direction of the supporting part. 8. The solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the supporting part comprises a plurality of the through holes arranged along the longitudinal direction of the supporting part, the plurality of through holes includes a plurality of first through holes disposed on a first line along the longitudinal direction of the supporting part and a plurality of second through holes disposed on a second line parallel to the first line, and the plurality of first through holes are disposed so as to correspond to gaps between neighboring second through holes of the plurality of second through holes. 9. The solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the plurality of the through holes are disposed along the longitudinal direction of the supporting part and include an end-side through hole that disposed so as to approach most closely to the end part of the supporting part in the longitudinal direction thereof, and a center-part through hole that is further to the inside than the end-side through holes in the longitudinal direction of the supporting part, and an aperture surface area of the center-part through hole at the first main surface is larger than the aperture surface area of the end-side through hole at the first main surface. 10. The solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the aperture surface area of the through hole at the first main surface is larger than the aperture of the through hole at the second main surface. 11. The solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the first holding member and the second holding member each comprise a mounting part that protrudes inwardly in a space sandwiched between the first holding member and the second holding member and that also is linked to the reinforcing member, the mounting part comprises a first surface located on the non-light receiving surface side and a second surface corresponding to the rear surface of the first surface, and the reinforcing member comprises a linking part that sandwiches the first surface and the second surface of the mounting part. 12. The solar cell module according to claim 11, wherein the linking part comprises a first member making contact with the first surface of the mounting part and a second member making contact with the second surface of the mounting part, and the contact surface area between the second member and the second surface is larger than the contact surface area between the first member and the first surface. 13. The solar cell module according to claim 11, wherein the linking part comprises a first member making contact with the first surface of the mounting part and a second member making contact with the second surface of the mounting part, and the length of the second member is larger than the length of the first member, in the direction of protrusion of the mounting part. 14. The solar cell module according to claim 12, wherein the linking part of the reinforcing member comprises both end parts, located at the first holding member side and the second holding member side of the first member, and the both end parts are chamfered. 