Solar energy collecting panels, mounting systems for solar energy collecting panels, and techniques for mounting the solar energy collecting panels are disclosed. A mounting system for solar energy collecting panels includes a base assembly having rails securable to an underlying structure. The rails include panel mountings configured to receive mounting assemblies of the panels for mounting the panels to the rails so that in use each rail has mounted to it multiple panels whilst each panel is mounted to two or more of the rails.
Claims 1. A mounting system for mounting a plurality of solar energy collecting panels to an underlying structure, the system comprising: a base assembly having plurality of rails securable to the underlying structure; a plurality of mounting assemblies mounted to and extending between two or more of the plurality of rails; a plurality of solar energy collecting panels mounted to the plurality of mounting assemblies; and a plurality of support arms connected to one of the plurality of panel mountings and connected to the base assembly, wherein the plurality of support arms are configured to support the one of the plurality of panel mountings at two or more angles with respect to the plurality of rails, and wherein at least one of the plurality of support arms comprises an electrical connection between at least one of the plurality of solar energy collecting panels and an electrical network. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the plurality of rails include spaced apart receiving formations, wherein the plurality of mounting assemblies are mounted to ones of the receiving formations, and wherein the base assembly further comprises locking members configured to retain the plurality of mounting assemblies in the ones of the receiving formations. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein the locking members are configured to releasably retain the plurality of mounting assemblies in the ones of the receiving formations. 4. The system of claim 2, wherein the receiving formations comprise transverse recesses that open to an upper surface of respective ones of the plurality of rails. 5. The system of claim 4, wherein the locking members comprise plates configured to extend over respective ones of the transverse recesses to retain one or more of the plurality of mounting assemblies in the recesses. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the plurality of rails comprise profiled metal sections. 7. (canceled) 8. A mounting system for mounting a plurality of solar energy collecting panels to an underlying structure, the system comprising: a base assembly securable to the underlying structure, the base assembly comprising at least one rail and at least one orientation member slidably mounted within the at least one rail; a plurality of mounting assemblies pivotably mounted to the base assembly; a plurality of solar energy collecting panels mounted to the plurality of mounting assemblies; and a plurality of orientation posts interconnecting respective ones of the plurality of mounting assemblies to the at least one orientation member to support the plurality of mounting assemblies in two or more inclined angles relative to the at least one rail, and wherein at least one of the plurality of orientation posts comprises an electrical connection configured to connect at least one of the plurality of solar energy collecting panels to an electrical network. 9.-11. (canceled) 12. The system of claim 8, wherein movement of the at least one orientation member relative to the at least one rail causes a corresponding movement of the plurality of orientation posts to change the angular orientation of the plurality of mounting assemblies. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein ones of the plurality of orientation posts comprises electrical connections configured to electrically couple the plurality of solar energy collecting panels to the electrical network. 14. The system of claim 8 wherein the plurality of solar energy collecting panels have opposite major surfaces one of which is a solar energy receiving surface, the plurality of solar energy collecting panels having a long dimension extending between opposite ends of the plurality of solar energy collecting panels and a short dimension extending between opposite sides of the plurality of solar energy collecting panels, the ratio of the long dimension to the short dimension being greater than 3:1. 15. The system of claim 14, wherein the ratio of the long dimension to the short dimension is greater than 10:1. 16. (canceled) 17. The system of claim 14, wherein ones of the plurality of mounting assemblies comprise a bar extending along one of the opposite sides of at least one of the plurality of solar energy collecting panels. 18.-21. (canceled) 22. A method of mounting a plurality of solar energy collecting panels to an underlying structure, comprising: fixing a plurality of rails to the underlying structure, the plurality of rails comprising receiving formations; placing a plurality of mounting assemblies in the receiving formations of the plurality of rail, wherein the plurality of mounting assemblies extend between two or more of the plurality of rails, wherein plurality of solar energy collecting panels are mounted to the plurality of mounting assemblies; and connecting a plurality of orientation posts between ones of the plurality of mounting assemblies and at least one orientation member slidably mounted within at least one of the plurality of rails, wherein the plurality of orientation posts are configured to support the plurality of mounting assemblies in two or more inclined angles with respect to the plurality of rails, and wherein at least one of the plurality of orientation posts comprises an electrical connection configured to electrically connect at least one of the plurality of solar energy collecting panels to an electrical network. 23. The method of claim 22, wherein, the receiving formations are formed in the plurality of rails. 24. The method of claim 22, further comprising retaining portions of the plurality of mounting assemblies in the receiving formations of the plurality of rails using releasable locking members. 25. (canceled) 26. The method of claim 22, further comprising electrically coupling the at least one of the plurality of solar energy collecting panels to the electric network via the electrical connection of the at least one of the plurality of orientation posts. 27. The system of claim 1, wherein the plurality of solar energy collecting panels have opposite major surfaces one of which is a solar energy receiving surface, the plurality of solar energy collecting panels having a long dimension extending between opposite ends of the plurality of solar energy collecting panels and a short dimension extending between opposite sides of the plurality of solar energy collecting panels, the ratio of the long dimension to the short dimension being greater than 3:1. 28. The system of claim 27, wherein the ratio of the long dimension to the short dimension is greater than 10:1. 29. The method of claim 22, wherein the plurality of solar energy collecting panels have opposite major surfaces one of which is a solar energy receiving surface, the plurality of solar energy collecting panels having a long dimension extending between opposite ends of the plurality of solar energy collecting panels and a short dimension extending between opposite sides of the plurality of solar energy collecting panels, the ratio of the long dimension to the short dimension being greater than 3:1. 30. The method of claim 29, wherein the ratio of the long dimension to the short dimension is greater than 10:1. 