A multiple junction photovoltaic cell is optically coupled to the Fresnel lens with teeth. The set of teeth within a given ring of a ringed pattern of teeth on the Fresnel lens may have 1) varying surface angles of different teeth across the lens, 2) varying refractive indexes of the different teeth or 3) a combination of both. The differing surface angles or refractive indexes of different teeth within a given ring of a ringed pattern of teeth establish multiple focal lengths aimed at five or more different axial target focal points within an anticipated zone of operation relative to the multiple junction photovoltaic cell to create a window of averaged intensity of light defined by the five or more different axial target focal points.
Claims 1. An apparatus for a photovoltaic (PV) system; comprising: a PV power unit that has a Fresnel lens with a plurality of teeth, which provide a distributed set of two or more axial focal lengths to mitigate chromatic aberration as well as changes in focal length due to changes in temperature of the material forming the lens with teeth; and a multiple junction photovoltaic cell optically coupled to the Fresnel lens with teeth, where a set of teeth within a given ring of a ringed pattern of teeth on the Fresnel lens have 1) varying surface angles of different teeth across the lens, 2) varying refractive indexes of the different teeth or 3) a combination of both, to establish multiple focal lengths aimed at five or more different axial target focal points within an anticipated zone of operation relative to the multiple junction photovoltaic cell in order to create a window of averaged intensity of light defined by the five or more different axial target focal points, and the width of the window of averaged intensity of light is at least as large as the size of the multiple junction photovoltaic cell. 2. The apparatus for the PV system of claim 1, where the surface angles of different teeth are interleaved in each of the two or more concentric rings in the ringed pattern across the lens and are set to create at least multiple focal points for two or more colors in the visible light spectrum to define the boundaries of the window of averaged intensity of light to reduce effects of lens temperature change on the light intensity distribution of different wavelengths in the window of averaged intensity of light defined by the multiple focal points, in order to maintain good color mixing/spot size overlap for the two or more colors, and averages out light intensity distribution across the surface of the multi-layer PV solar cell. 3. The apparatus for the PV system of claim 1, where the different target focal points for the set of teeth are spaced set distances apart such that the set of different target points spans a distance making a window of operation centric around the multiple layer solar PV cell under nominal conditions. 4. The apparatus for the PV system of claim 1, where the ratio of the spot size/intensity distribution between Red and Blue color wavelengths in the window of averaged intensity of light should be less than 2:1 over the window; and thus, the spot size ratio between colors is relatively constant over an anticipated range of wavelengths during operation at an expense of a slightly wider spot over that anticipated range of wavelengths. 5. The apparatus for the PV system of claim 1, where the mapping of the surface angle of the teeth of the lens to the target focal points is to divide the Fresnel lens into a number of concentric rings, with each ring focusing to one of the target focal length points, where the number of teeth in each ring can be adjusted to provide equal power to each target focus point, and the target focus points are selected so that the spot sizes of the different colors in the incident light will significantly overlap in the window established by the locations of those multiple target focus point. 6. The apparatus for the PV system of claim 1, where the mapping of the surface angle of the teeth of the lens to the multiple different target focal points by interleaving the teeth with alternating surface angles of the teeth within a given group or ring of teeth in the ring pattern to create the multiple different target focus points to create the averaging window of light intensity centric around the focal length of the multiple junction PV cell. 7. The apparatus for the PV system of claim 1, where the index of refraction of the material forming the lens with teeth, including a polymer substance, is characterized by both large wavelength dependence over a solar radiation spectrum of interest as well as large temperature dependence over an anticipated range of operation of the PV power unit. 8. The apparatus for the PV system of claim 1, where the set of different axial focal points lengths generated by the differing surface angles of the teeth are chosen to be spaced a set distance apart to create the window of averaged intensity of light with overlapping spot sizes/intensity distribution on the surface of the PV cell for different colors in the light wave spectrum which approximately matches 1) an amount of shift in focal length due to anticipated chromatic aberration during operation, 2) the amount of shift in focal length due to change in refractive index of the material making up the teeth due to temperature changes over the normal range of operation of the PV power unit, or 3) both. 9. The apparatus for the PV system of claim 1, further comprising: a total internal reflection prism having a domed shaped top portion and trapezoidal bottom portion that is used as a secondary concentrating mirror surface for the multiple junction photovoltaic cell, where the trapezoidal bottom portion of the prism has walls, where the total internal reflection prism is optically coupled between the multiple junction photovoltaic cell and the Fresnel lens with teeth, where the secondary concentrating mirror surface increases concentration in number of suns intensity impinging the cell active area of the multiple junction photovoltaic cell over the Fresnel lens by itself, and where the Fresnel lens redirects light rays via the set of teeth to the domed shaped secondary concentrating mirror, which then reflects the concentrated beam of light to within the walls of the trapezoidal shaped portion of the prism and onto the multiple junction photovoltaic cell. 10. The apparatus for the PV system of claim 9, where the domed shaped top portion and trapezoidal bottom portion are created as a single-piece/monolithic secondary optic that provides a larger acceptance angle than the trapezoidal bottom portion by itself, while also providing good homogenization of the light intensity across the surface of the multiple junction PV cell. 11. The apparatus for the PV system of claim 9, where the domed shaped top portion convex surface is used to refract light beams from the Fresnel lens into the acceptance limits of the trapezoidal portion of the monolithic prism by matching of the incoming angular distribution to the TIR prism's acceptance angle, and where a flange portion of the prism facilitates molding and also facilitates subsequent mounting of the prism in the PV power unit. 12. The apparatus for the PV system of claim 9, where a curvature of the domed surface is set to match the angular distribution of the light from the Fresnel lens to the acceptance angles of the TIR trapezoidal portion of the prism, and where a distance of the radius of the dome from the center of the surface of the flat portion of the trapezoidal portion of the prism is inversely proportional to either 1) the width dimension of the flat surface portion of the trapezoidal prism, 2) the diagonal dimension of the flat surface portion of the trapezoidal prism, or 3) a distance set anywhere between the width dimension of the flat surface portion of the trapezoidal prism and the diagonal dimension of the flat surface portion of the trapezoidal prism. 13. The apparatus for the PV system of claim 1, further comprising: a total internal reflection prism having a domed shaped top portion and trapezoidal bottom portion that is used as a secondary concentrating mirror surface for the multiple junction photovoltaic cell, where the total internal reflection prism is optically coupled between the multiple junction photovoltaic cell and the Fresnel lens with teeth, and where the dome shaped top portion has dimensions that couple the incident light beam to a maximum transmission characteristic of the trapezoidal portion of the prism body, which both improves homogenization of light intensity across the surface of the PV cell optically coupled to this TIR prism secondary optic and minimizes leakage of incident light from the Fresnel lens primary optic reaching the surface of the PV cell. 14. The apparatus for the PV system of claim 1, where the target focus point for the focal length coming from each tooth in the set of teeth in a given ring of the ringed pattern is alternated within the set of different teeth to provide for multiple focal spots from different colors that overlap on the surface of the PV cell; and thus, a first tooth in the pattern of teeth on the Fresnel lens has a different surface angle than a next neighboring tooth in the pattern of teeth on the Fresnel lens. 15. The apparatus for the PV system of claim 9, where the shape of the surface of the refractive dome is such that incident light rays that are outside the acceptance angle of the trapezoidal prism by itself are bent by the surface of the dome to enter the plane starting the trapezoidal portion to be within the acceptance angle of the trapezoidal portion and propagate to the solar PV cell to provide good homogenization, while the shape of the surface of the refractive dome kaleidoscopic prism effect for intensity homogenization and color mixing. 16. The apparatus for the PV system of claim 1, further comprising: a secondary optic between the Fresnel lens and the PV cell, where the shape of the secondary optic is a trapezoidal TIR prism fitted with a curved front surface that refracts the incident light beams from the primary Fresnel lens into alignment with the trapezoidal portion of the prism's acceptance angle as the incident light beams from the primary Fresnel lens walk across a face of the curved front surface of the secondary optic. 17. A method for a concentrated photovoltaic system, comprising: optically coupling a multiple junction photovoltaic cell to a Fresnel lens with teeth; configuring a set of teeth within a given ring of a ringed pattern of teeth on the Fresnel lens to have 1) varying surface angles of different teeth across the lens, 2) varying refractive indexes of the different teeth or 3) a combination of both; and where the differing surface angles or refractive indexes of different teeth within a given ring of a ringed pattern of teeth establish multiple focal lengths aimed at five or more different axial target focal points within an anticipated zone of operation relative to the multiple junction photovoltaic cell to create a window of averaged intensity of light defined by the five or more different axial target focal points. 