A game-animal (or other animal) feeding unit in combination with electronic sensors that monitor the status of the feeding unit. Among its features is a feed volume sensor that monitors the quantity of feed in its unit and wirelessly transmits that information to a distant location. The invention can dispense feed at programmed intervals, communicate feeder jams and battery-charge status. An optional GPS can provide location information of the unit.
Claims 1. An remote animal feeding unit comprising: feed supply, power supply, and feed dispenser, said unit dispensing animal feed at predetermined intervals; said unit also including a feed-level monitor electrically coupled to a wireless transmitter that communicates feed level information to a location remote from said feeding unit. 2. The remote animal feeding unit of claim 1 further comprising a solar panel and rechargeable battery. 3. The remote animal feeding unit of claim 1 wherein said unit communicates wirelessly by cellular telephone or satellite. 4. The remote animal feeding unit of claim 1 further comprising a GPS receiver. 5. The remote animal feeding unit of claim 1 further comprising a processor. 6. The remote animal feeding unit of claim 1 wherein said unit also communicates information related to battery charge. 7. A unit for providing feed to animals comprising, in combination: a feed supply; a feed quantity sensor measuring said feed supply; a battery; a motor powered by said battery; a feed dispersion device mechanically coupled to said motor; a timer; wherein, when said timer indicates a particular time, said motor is activated from said battery to run said feed dispersion device dispensing feed; and wherein, information from said feed quantity sensor is transmitted wirelessly to a remote location. 8. The unit of claim 7 further comprising a solar panel charging said battery. 9. The unit of claim 7 wherein information concerning battery charge state is also transmitted wirelessly to said remote location. 10. The unit of claim 7 wherein said information is transmitted by cellular telephone or by satellite signal. 11. The unit of claim 7 further comprising a GPS. 12. A method of feeding animals remotely comprising: placing a feed dispenser unit at a remote location; causing said feed dispenser unit to dispense feed at particular times or particular intervals; wirelessly transmitting feed quantity information from said feed dispenser to a second location. 13. The method of claim 12 wherein said feed dispenser contains a processor. 14. The method of claim 12 wherein said feed dispenser contains a feed-level sensor and a battery charge sensor; and wireless transmitting battery charge information from said feed dispenser to said second location. 15. The method of claim 12 wherein said feed dispenser contains a GPS and can be interrogated from said second location as to said feed dispenser's location. 16. The method of claim 12 wherein said transmitting is by cellular telephone or satellite signal. 17. The method of claim 12 wherein said feed dispenser can be interrogated as to feed level from said second location. 