Methods and apparatus for supplying power to an electrical line or grid by using high-frequency alternating current (HFAC) are provided herein. In some embodiments, an apparatus for collecting and transmitting electrical power to an AC line operating at a line frequency may include a plurality of high frequency AC power sources; a high frequency AC bus, connected to each of the high frequency AC sources; and a line frequency converter, the input of which is connected to the high frequency AC bus and the output of which is connectable to the AC line.
Claims 1. An apparatus for collecting and transmitting electrical power to an AC line operating at a line frequency, comprising: a plurality of high frequency AC power sources; a high frequency AC bus, connected to each of the high frequency AC sources; and a line frequency converter, the input of which is connected to the high frequency AC bus and the output of which is connectable to the AC line. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein at least one of the high frequency AC power sources comprises a DC power source and a high frequency inverter. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein at least one of the DC sources comprises a photovoltaic device. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein at least one of the high frequency AC power sources is a current source. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the high frequency AC power sources operate synchronously. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a high frequency generator providing a reference frequency and a reference phase to the high frequency AC power sources. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a high frequency voltage source to maintain a stable voltage in the high frequency bus. 8. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the line frequency converter comprises an active rectifying bridge. 9. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein at least one of the connections to the high frequency AC bus is wireless. 10. A method for collecting and transmitting electrical power to an AC line, which operates at a line frequency, comprising: providing high frequency AC power at different locations; collecting the high frequency AC power onto a common bus; converting the high frequency AC power from the common bus into line frequency AC power; and injecting the line frequency AC power into the AC line. 11. The method of claim 10, wherein the high frequency AC power is provided by converting DC power from a photovoltaic source at least one location. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein converting DC power is provided by at least one high frequency inverter. 13. The method of claim 10, further comprising synchronizing high frequency AC power at different locations. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein the synchronizing the high frequency AC power at different locations includes providing a reference frequency to the common bus. 15. The method of claim 13, wherein the high frequency AC power at different locations is provided by high frequency AC power sources and the synchronizing the high frequency AC power at different locations includes providing a regulated voltage reference and operating the high frequency AC power sources as synchronous current sources. 16. The method of claim 10, wherein converting the high frequency AC power from the common bus into the line frequency AC power is provided by receiving and rectifying the high frequency AC power in at least one location to produce DC power and inverting the DC power to produce AC power at the line frequency, wherein the produced AC power is synchronized with the AC line. 17. A method for producing a high frequency AC power system, comprising: providing a plurality of high frequency AC power sources; connecting outputs of the high frequency AC power sources to a common bus; connecting the common bus to the input of at least one line frequency converter; and providing connections from an output of the line frequency converter to a an AC line. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein providing a plurality of high frequency AC power sources includes providing at least one DC source and connecting the DC source to an input of a high frequency inverter. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein providing at least one DC source includes providing at least one PV device. 20. The method of claim 17, wherein the high frequency AC power system is produced at a site with pre-existing electrical wiring and further comprising utilizing the pre-existing electrical wiring for connecting any of the high frequency AC power sources, the common bus, the line frequency converter and the AC line. 