An apparatus for exposing photovoltaic (PV) modules to simulated sunlight for testing purposes, comprising a chamber including a plurality of lamps disposed on a substantially vertical lamp plane, at least one substantially vertical target plane upon which are disposed one or more PV modules, at least one reflector for directing light from the lamps to the at least one target plane, and a cooling system to exhaust heat from the apparatus and maintain the temperature of the PV modules at a predetermined value.
Claims 1. An apparatus for exposing photovoltaic (PV) modules to artificial light, comprising: an array of lamps disposed on a substantially vertically oriented lamp plane; at least one substantially vertically oriented target plane for placing at least one PV module; and at least one reflector for directing the artificial light to impact said at least one target plane. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, comprising two vertically oriented target planes, said target planes oriented on opposite sides of said lamp array, and said at least one reflector oriented to direct light from said lamp array to said two target planes. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, further comprising at least one back-reflector disposed substantially parallel to one of the target planes and substantially within or near said target plane, wherein, in the absence of PV modules disposed within said target plane, said back-reflector increases the intensity of light received at the opposite target plane. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said lamps include mercury, metal halide, xenon, or other high-intensity discharge (HID) arc lamps. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the intensity of the artificial light received at said target planes is between 750 and 1250 W/m2. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said lamps are powered by electronic ballasts, and wherein said ballasts are individually controllable to dim the light output of each of said lamps independently. 7. The apparatus of claim 6, wherein said ballasts include a power monitoring feature. 8. The apparatus of claim 6, wherein the intensity of each of said lamps is adjusted to optimize the intensity and uniformity of light received at said target planes. 9. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein a predetermined pattern of lamp on/off states and dimming settings is used to optimize uniformity and intensity of light received at said target planes, while maintaining each lamp within a predetermined power output range which optimizes the spectral distribution of light emitted from said lamp. 10. The apparatus of claim 6, wherein the light intensity at least one point within said target planes is measured, and wherein power to said lamps is automatically adjusted to maintain a pre-determined light intensity level at said at least one point. 11. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said lamps are powered by a three-phase power system, and wherein said lamps are uniformly distributed between the phases of said three-phase power system, and wherein each group of said lamps powered by each phase of said power system is uniformly distributed throughout said lamp array, such that the artificial light received at substantially each portion of said target planes includes a substantially uniform mixture of light produced by lamps powered by each phase of said three-phase power system. 12. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein multiple types of lamps with different emission spectra are combined within said lamp array. 13. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein at least one diffusing screen is interposed between said lamp array and said target planes to improve light uniformity at said target planes. 14. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein at least one filter material is interposed between said lamp array and said target planes to modify the spectrum of light falling on said target planes. 15. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said reflectors include vertical and horizontal reflector panels disposed substantially perpendicular to said lamp array along top, bottom, and side planes which enclose said lamp array. 16. The apparatus of claim 15, wherein the distance between said vertical and horizontal reflector panels and the nearest column or row of said lamps, respectively, is approximately equal, respectively, to one half the horizontal or vertical spacing between said lamps. 17. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the distance between said lamp array and said target planes is between 2 and 4 times the distance between individual lamps in said lamp array. 18. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a cooling system to maintain a temperature of said PV modules between predetermined limits, by directing cooling air onto said PV modules using cooling fans. 19. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein said temperature is maintained between 45 and 90.degree. C. 20. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein said cooling air flows substantially vertically within said apparatus, and further comprising inlet and exhaust vents in the top and/or bottom of said apparatus and wherein said cooling fans draw cooling air through said inlet vents and exhaust it at said exhaust vents. 21. The apparatus of claim 20, further comprising recirculation valves that cause cooling air drawn through said inlet vents to be mixed with heated air drawn from the interior of the apparatus, and wherein the proportions of external and interior cooling air are adjusted to maintain the temperature of cooling air reaching said PV modules at an optimal value. 22. The apparatus of claim 20, further comprising transparent panels interposed between said lamp array and each of said target planes, and wherein cooling air passes vertically between said PV modules and said transparent panels, such that said PV modules are cooled from their front sides facing said lamp array. 23. The apparatus of claim 22, wherein said transparent panel is tilted and constricts the air flow at the top or bottom of said PV modules, changing the cooling effectiveness of said cooling air and compensating for other non-uniformities in cooling. 24. The apparatus of claim 22, wherein said inlet and said exhaust vents are in the top of said apparatus, and wherein said cooling air is drawn downwards across said PV modules. 25. The apparatus of claim 20, wherein air blocking panels fill portions of said target planes not containing said PV modules. 26. The apparatus of claim 25, wherein said cooling air flows along the back sides of said PV modules opposite said lamp array, between said PV modules and at least one door or exterior panel of the apparatus. 27. The apparatus of claim 25, wherein said inlet and said exhaust vents are in the top of said apparatus, and wherein said cooling air is drawn downwards across said PV modules. 28. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein fan vanes interposed between said cooling fans and said PV modules distribute air flow uniformly across said PV modules. 29. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein said PV modules are cooled substantially by cooling air entering the sides of said apparatus, and wherein said cooling air is directed at the back sides of said PV modules opposite said lamp array. 30. The apparatus of claim 29, wherein said cooling fans are disposed at the top and/or bottom of said apparatus, and cause said cooling air to be drawn through side vents behind said PV modules. 31. The apparatus of claim 30, wherein at least one of the size, shape, position, or number of said side vents is arranged to provide non-uniform flow of cooling air to the back sides of said PV modules, compensating for other cooling non-uniformities and resulting in more uniform temperature distributions of said PV modules. 32. The apparatus of claim 31, wherein said side vents include a panel with an array of holes, wherein individual holes are covered or capped with removable plugs to adjust the air flow pattern. 33. The apparatus of claim 31, wherein said side vents include a moveable screen that is adjusted to optimize the air flow pattern. 34. The apparatus of claim 29, wherein said cooling fans are disposed along the sides of said apparatus within doors or exterior panels behind said PV modules, and wherein said cooling fans cause said cooling air to be drawn through side vents and expelled against said PV modules. 35. The apparatus of claim 34, wherein at least one of the size, position, number, or speed of said cooling fans is arranged to provide non-uniform flow of cooling air to the back sides of said PV modules, compensating for other cooling non-uniformities and resulting in more uniform temperature distributions of said PV modules. 36. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein groups of cooling fans are turned on or off in symmetric arrangements in order to achieve progressively greater levels of cooling. 37. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein the cooling rate is controlled by a proportional-integral-differential (PID) control loop in order to maintain a temperature between pre-determined limits. 38. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein the air flow direction is periodically alternated or reversed in order to achieve more uniform temperatures of said PV modules. 39. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein cooling air is admitted to said apparatus through inlet ducts and/or exhausted air is removed from said apparatus through exhaust ducts. 40. The apparatus of claim 39, wherein an air-chilling system is used to provide chilled air via the inlet ducts. 41. The apparatus of claim 18, further comprising an additional cooling system to independently cool said lamp array. 42. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising at least one temperature sensor to measure at least one temperature of said PV modules. 43. The apparatus of claim 42, wherein said temperature sensors include an infrared temperature sensor mounted within doors of said apparatus, and wherein said infrared temperature sensor is automatically directed at least one of said PV modules. 44. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising at least one light sensor for measuring the intensity of the light reaching at least one point of said target planes. 45. The apparatus of claim 44, wherein said light sensor comprises a light sensitive device and a temperature sensor which measures the temperature of said light sensitive device, and wherein said temperature reading is used to calculate temperature-compensated calibrated values of light intensity from measurements of said light sensitive device. 46. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising an electronic system for measuring the current-voltage relationships ("I-V system") of at least one of said PV modules. 47. The apparatus of claim 46, wherein said I-V system may continuously dissipate power produced by said PV modules. 48. The apparatus of claim 46, wherein data acquisition by said I-V system is performed during periodic time intervals synchronous with the power line cycle. 49. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising at least one computer system, wherein said computer system controls operation of the apparatus, logs and analyzes data collected by sensors and measurement electronics, provides for sequencing of test conditions, and/or monitors and reports fault conditions. 50. The apparatus of claim 49, wherein said at least one computer system is remote from the apparatus. 