The present invention relates to a display module for a vehicle, having a mounting fastened to the vehicle and having a display suitable for unwinding under the action at least one motor (7) connected to a drive shaft (6) in engagement with the display for the purpose of unwinding it; and a cover (2) mounted on the mounting (1) so as to close said display module; a management device (11) controlling the motor for the purposes of stopping, starting, and changing their unwinding speed, and controlling lighting of the display (5); said display module having LEDs in front of the display (5), on at least two sides of the display (5), and a reflective wall, disposed behind the display (5), to reflect the lighting produced by the LEDs.
Claims 1. A display module for a vehicle, which display module comprises: a mounting (1) fastened to the vehicle and having a display (5) suitable for unwinding under the action of means for unwinding (6, 7, 8, 9); and a cover (2) mounted on the mounting (1) so as to close said display module; the means for unwinding (6, 7, 8, 9) comprising at least one motor (7) connected to a drive shaft (6) in engagement with the display for the purpose of unwinding it; a management device (11) controlling the means for unwinding (6, 7, 8, 9) for the purposes of stopping them, of starting them, and of changing their unwinding speed, and controlling means for lighting (18) for lighting the display (5); wherein said display module is characterized in that said means for lighting (18) consist of LEDs present, in front of the display (5), on at least two sides of the display (5), and of a reflective wall, disposed behind the display (5), and designed to reflect the lighting produced by the LEDs. 2. The module according to claim 1, wherein the module comprises means for linking (4), consisting, for example, of telescopic tubes, between the mounting (1) and the cover (2) so that the cover (2) is suitable for pivoting away from the mounting (1) through an angle of not less than 30.degree.. 3. The module according to claim 1, wherein the cover (2) is mounted to be static on the mounting (1) and only a bottom portion (30) is mounted to move relative to the mounting (1). 4. The module according to claim 1, wherein the means for unwinding (6, 7, 8, 9) comprise at least two motors (7, 27), each of which is connected to a respective drive shaft (6), the drive shafts (6, 26) being in engagement respectively with the top portion and with the bottom portion of the display (5). 5. The module according to claim 1, wherein the management device comprises means for geographical positioning (10) of the GPS type, and a memory that stores the display that is to be presented by the module as a function of its geographical position, the geographical positioning information from the means for positioning (10) being sent to the memory so that the management device (11) can determine the appropriate display (5), as a function of said positioning information. 6. The module according to claim 1, wherein the module is powered by at least one battery (8), optionally connected to the vehicle for the purpose of charging it while the vehicle is operating, and/or connected to a set of solar collectors for the purpose of charging it. 7. The module according to claim 1, wherein the module comprises at least one position sensor (20) for sensing the position of the display (5), which position sensor is connected to the management device (11) for the purpose of transmitting information about the position of the display (5). 8. The module according to claim 1, wherein the cover (2) comprises a transparent portion enabling the display (5) to be seen, and preferably made of a plastics material. 9. The module according to claim 1, wherein the means for lighting (18) comprise a plurality of LEDs disposed on the mounting (1) on at least two opposite sides of the display (5). 10. The module according to claim 1, wherein said module is characterized in that the management device (11) comprises means for receiving (13) suitable for receiving signals from means for controlling, such as a remote control having a push button, for the purpose of controlling said management device (11). 11. The module according to claim 1, wherein the module further comprises at least one light sensor (16) that transmits light-level information to the management device (11) that, in return, controls the brightness of the lighting from said means for lighting (18). 12. The module according to claim 1, wherein the mounting (1) and the cover (2) are made up of a metal frame that is preferably made of aluminum. 