A combination photovoltaic and wind power generation installation comprising at least one wind turbine and a plurality of photovoltaic arrays, wherein the photovoltaic arrays may be disposed around the at least one wind turbine such that the photovoltaic arrays are at least partially shaded a portion of the day by the shadow cast by the at least one wind turbine. Photovoltaic modules that are resistant to shading effects may be used to minimize the effects of shading by the at least one wind turbine. The combination photovoltaic and wind power generation installation may transmit power through a single transmission line.
Claims 1. A combination photovoltaic and wind power generation installation comprising: at least one wind turbine configured to generate power; and a plurality of photovoltaic arrays comprising at least one photovoltaic module and configured to generate power, wherein the plurality of photovoltaic arrays is at least partially shaded a portion of the day by the a shadow cast by the at least one wind turbine. 2. The combination photovoltaic and wind power generation installation of claim 1, wherein the plurality of photovoltaic arrays is disposed in an arc area around the at least one wind turbine wherein the arc area is defined by an angle between 270.degree. and 360.degree. and a radius between five and 500 feet. 3. The combination photovoltaic and wind power generation installation of claim 1, wherein each photovoltaic module comprises: a plurality of photovoltaic cells; and at least one bypass diode array electrically coupled to the plurality of photovoltaic cells and configured to bypass current flow around at least one photovoltaic cell. 4. The combination photovoltaic and wind power generation installation of claim 3, wherein the at least one bypass diode array comprises at least one bypass diode assembly wherein the at least one bypass diode assembly comprises a bypass diode electrically coupled to at least one interconnecting conductor. 5. The combination photovoltaic and wind power generation installation of claim 3, wherein each bypass diode is configured to bypass current from a single photovoltaic cell. 6. The combination photovoltaic and wind power generation installation of claim 3, wherein each bypass diode is configured to bypass current from two photovoltaic cells. 7. The combination photovoltaic and wind power generation installation of claim 3, wherein the bypass diode assembly comprises a bypass diode, two interconnecting conductors and a separate conductive strip. 8. The combination photovoltaic and wind power generation installation of claim 3, wherein the at least one diode array comprises an electrically-insulating-laminate strip configured to allow access of at least one component of a bypass diode assembly to a photovoltaic cell of the plurality of photovoltaic cells, the electrically-insulating laminate strip comprising an access region through which the at least one component of the bypass diode assembly electrically couples with said photovoltaic cell. 9. The combination photovoltaic and wind power generation installation of claim 8, wherein the electrically-insulating-laminate strip comprises a structural sheet and at least one adhesive-type layer. 10. The combination photovoltaic and wind power generation installation of claim 1, wherein each photovoltaic module is further associated with a microinverter or a DC/DC converter. 11. The combination photovoltaic and wind power generation installation of claim 1, wherein the wind turbine is further associated with a current rectifier. 12. The combination photovoltaic and wind power generation installation of claim 1, wherein the plurality of photovoltaic arrays is further associated with an inverter or a DC/DC converter. 13. The combination photovoltaic and wind power generation installation of claim 1, wherein the plurality of photovoltaic arrays and the at least one wind turbine transmit power to the same transmission line. 14. The combination photovoltaic and wind power generation installation of claim 1, wherein the at least one wind turbine has flexible photovoltaic cells disposed thereon configured to generate power. 15. The combination photovoltaic and wind power generation installation of claim 1, wherein the plurality of photovoltaic arrays are each further associated with solar tracking mechanisms. 16. The combination photovoltaic and wind power generation installation of claim 1, wherein the at least one wind turbine further comprises a wind tracking mechanism. 17. The combination photovoltaic and wind power generation installation of claim 1, wherein the at least one photovoltaic module comprises CIGS thin-film photovoltaic cells. 18. A method of operating a combination photovoltaic and wind power generation installation, comprising: providing at least one wind turbine configured to generate power; providing a plurality of photovoltaic arrays comprising at least one photovoltaic module and configured to generate power; and installing the photovoltaic arrays such that the plurality of photovoltaic arrays are at least partially shaded a portion of the day by a shadow cast by the at least one wind turbine. 19. The method of operating a combination photovoltaic and wind power generation installation of claim 18, and further comprising associating the at least one wind turbine and the plurality of photovoltaic arrays with the same transmission line. 20. The method of operating a combination photovoltaic and wind power generation installation of claim 18, wherein the plurality of photovoltaic arrays is disposed in an arc area around the at least one wind turbine wherein the arc area is defined by an angle between 270.degree. and 360.degree. and a radius between five and 500 feet. 21. The method of operating a combination photovoltaic and wind power generation installation of claim 18 wherein each photovoltaic array comprises: a plurality of photovoltaic cells; and at least one bypass diode array electrically coupled to the plurality of photovoltaic cells and configured to bypass current flow around at least one photovoltaic cell. 22. The method of operating a combination photovoltaic and wind power generation installation of claim 21, wherein the at least one bypass diode array comprises at least one bypass diode assembly wherein the at least one bypass diode assembly comprises a bypass diode electrically coupled to at least one interconnecting conductor. 23. The method of operating a combination photovoltaic and wind power generation installation of claim 21, wherein each bypass diode is configured to bypass current from a single photovoltaic cell. 24. The method of operating a combination photovoltaic and wind power generation installation of claim 21, wherein each bypass diode is configured to bypass current from two photovoltaic cells. 25. The method of operating a combination photovoltaic and wind power generation installation of claim 21, wherein the bypass diode assembly comprises a bypass diode, two interconnecting conductors and a separate conductive strip. 26. The method of operating a combination photovoltaic and wind power generation installation of claim 21, wherein each photovoltaic module is further associated with a microinverter or a DC/DC converter. 27. The method of operating a combination photovoltaic and wind power generation installation of claim 21, wherein the at least one diode array comprises an electrically-insulating-laminate strip configured to allow access of at least one component of a bypass diode assembly to a photovoltaic cell of the plurality of photovoltaic cells, the electrically-insulating laminate strip comprising an access region through which the at least one component of the bypass diode assembly electrically couples with said photovoltaic cell. 28. The method of operating a combination photovoltaic and wind power generation installation of claim 27, wherein the electrically-insulating-laminate strip comprises a structural sheet and at least one adhesive-type layer. 29. The method of operating a combination photovoltaic and wind power generation installation of claim 18, wherein the wind turbine is further associated with a current rectifier. 30. The method of operating a combination photovoltaic and wind power generation installation of claim 18, wherein the plurality of photovoltaic arrays is further associated with an inverter or a DC/DC converter. 31. The method of operating a combination photovoltaic and wind power generation installation of claim 18, wherein the at least one wind turbine has flexible photovoltaic cells disposed thereon configured to generate power. 32. The method of operating a combination photovoltaic and wind power generation installation of claim 18, wherein the plurality of photovoltaic arrays are each further associated with solar tracking mechanisms. 33. The method of operating a combination photovoltaic and wind power generation installation of claim 18, wherein the at least one wind turbine further comprises a wind tracking mechanism. 34. The method of operating a combination photovoltaic and wind power generation installation of claim 18, wherein the plurality of photovoltaic arrays comprise CIGS thin-film photovoltaic cells. 35. A combination photovoltaic and wind power generation installation comprising: a plurality of wind turbines configured to generate power; and a plurality of photovoltaic arrays each comprising at least one photovoltaic module and configured to generate power, wherein the plurality of photovoltaic arrays are at least partially shaded a portion of the day by the a shadow cast by at least one of the plurality of wind turbines. 