A connection system is provided to charge a high voltage battery (42) in an electric vehicle with multiple low voltage solar panels (2.sub.1-n). The connection system includes sets of transmission lines (94) to individually connect each one of the solar panels (2.sub.n-1) to each individual one of the battery cells (34.sub.1-n) making up the battery (42). With the connection system the high voltage battery (42) can be charged by the lower voltage solar panels (2.sub.1-n). The system can include charge controllers (96) connecting the solar panels (2.sub.1-n) and battery cells with an interconnection to enable charging of battery cells (34.sub.1-n) relative to each other. Interconnected charge controllers (96) can function to charge the battery cells (34.sub.1-n) at equal rates. Alternatively the interconnected charge controllers (96) can charge the battery cells (34.sub.1-n) at different rates to enable charge balancing between battery cells (34.sub.1-n).
Claims 1. A solar battery charging system for a vehicle comprising: an electric motor for braking and propelling the vehicle; a battery connected to the electric motor, the battery comprising series connected battery cells; solar panels each having an output voltage lower than the voltage of the battery; and a charge connection system comprising: electrical connection line sets each connecting one of the solar panels in parallel with an individual one of the battery cells while the battery cells remain connected in series, and while the electric motor can act as a generator to supply power to the battery during the braking or a load to draw power from the battery during the propelling of the vehicle; charge controllers each connecting one of the solar panels to one of the electrical connection line sets, each of the charge controllers controlling power provided from each of the solar panels to predetermined levels; and an interconnection between the charge controllers to enable the charge controllers to control the rate of charge between the battery cells relative to one another. 2. The solar battery charging system of claim 1, wherein a voltage is monitored on each of the battery cells, and wherein the interconnection enables the battery cells to be charged at different rates to enable charge balancing between the battery cells. 3. The solar battery charging system of claim 1, wherein charge is monitored by the charge controllers relative to each other using the interconnection so that with different amounts of sunlight on different ones of the solar panels, the battery cells are all charged at a constant rate. 4. The solar battery charging system of claim 3, wherein the charge controllers have a charge output limited to an output of one of the charge controllers producing the least power. 5. The solar battery charging system of claim 1, wherein the charge controllers are disabled to prevent charge flow to the battery cells when one of the charge controllers receives power from one of the solar panels below a predetermined level. 6. A method of charging a vehicle with an electric motor comprising: controlling the electric motor to brake and propel the vehicle; providing a battery connected to the electric motor, the battery including series connected battery cells; providing solar panels each having an output voltage lower than the voltage of the battery; and connecting the terminals of each of the solar panels in parallel with an individual one of the battery cells, while the battery cells remain connected in series, and while the electric motor acts as a generator to supply power to the battery during the braking or a load to draw power from the battery during the propelling of the vehicle; providing a controller between each of the solar panels and the individual battery cells, the controllers controlling the amount of power provided from each of the solar panels to predetermined levels; and providing an interconnection between the charge controllers to enable the charge controllers to control the rate of charge between the battery cells relative to one another. 7. The method of claim 6, further comprising: monitoring voltage on each of the battery cells; and charging the battery cells at different rates using the interconnection to provide charge balancing between the battery cells. 8. The method of claim 6, further comprising charging the battery cells while monitoring the interconnection between charge controllers so that a constant charge rate is maintained on all the battery cells when different amounts of sunlight are provided on different ones of the solar panels. 9. The method of claim 6, further comprising limiting the output of charge from the charge controllers so that all charge controllers have a charge output limited to the output of a one of the charge controllers producing the least power. 10. The method of claim 6, further comprising disabling power from the charge controllers to prevent charge flow to the battery cells when one of the charge controllers receives power from one of the solar panels below a predetermined level. 