A photovoltaic (PV) power generation system is described. The system includes a plurality of PV collector units that include at least one PV cell and a collector-side single-phase inverter. The plurality of PV collector units are configured for coupling with a symmetric poly-phase alternating current (AC) load. The system also includes a system controller configured to control operation of the plurality of PV collector units.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic (PV) power generation system, comprising: a plurality of PV collector units comprising at least one PV cell and a collector-side single-phase inverter, the plurality of PV collector units configured for coupling with a poly-phase alternating current (AC) load; and, a system controller configured to control operation of the plurality of PV collector units. 2. A system in accordance with claim 1, further comprising a grid-side inverter coupled between the collector-side single-phase inverter of the plurality of PV collector units and the load. 3. A system in accordance with claim 2, wherein the system controller is further configured to coordinate operation of the plurality of PV collector units and the grid-side inverter. 4. A system in accordance with claim 3, wherein the load failure comprises at least one of a low voltage ride through (LVRT) and a zero voltage ride through (ZVRT) event. 5. A system in accordance with claim 1, wherein collector-side single-phase inverter comprises a memory unit that stores operating parameters, the collector-side single-phase inverter configured to operate in accordance with the operating parameters in response to at least one of measured grid conditions and a signal from the system controller. 6. A system in accordance with claim 5, wherein the operating parameters comprise at least one of a threshold grid voltage power command, a voltage ride through return command, and a reactive power command. 7. A system in accordance with claim 1, wherein the plurality of PV collector units are configured to separately control real and reactive power applied to each phase of the poly-phase AC load. 8. A system in accordance with claim 1, wherein the system controller is configured to transmit at least one of a power factor reference signal to at least one of the plurality of PV collector units, and a curtailment signal to at least one of the plurality of PV collector units upon detection of a load failure. 9. A system in accordance with claim 1, wherein each of the plurality of PV collector units is configured to operate at a maximum power point determined for the individual PV collector unit and to convert a direct current (DC) voltage to a single-phase alternating current (AC) output. 10. A system in accordance with claim 9, further comprising a transformer configured to receive the single-phase AC output and convert the single-phase AC output from a plurality of collector-side single-phase inverters to a balanced poly-phase AC output. 11. A system in accordance with claim 1, wherein the plurality of PV collector units comprises a first plurality of PV collector units producing AC having a first phase and a second plurality of PV collector units producing AC having a second phase, the AC having a first phase and the AC having a second phase are provided to a transformer, the transformer configured to convert the two-phase AC to balanced three-phase AC. 12. A method for converting direct current (DC) power to alternating current (AC) power for delivery to an electrical load, wherein the DC power is produced by a plurality of variable input power sources, said method comprising: providing a plurality of photovoltaic (PV) collector units each including at least one PV cell and a collector-side single-phase inverter, the plurality of PV collector units configured to generate a DC voltage and convert the DC voltage to a single-phase AC output; communicatively coupling at least one system controller to the plurality of PV collector units; and, programming the system controller to control operation of the plurality of PV collector units. 13. A method in accordance with claim 12, further comprising programming the at least one system controller to at least one of: transmit at least one of a power factor reference signal and a curtailment signal to at least one of the plurality of PV collector units upon detection of a load failure; and, coordinate operation of the plurality of PV collector units to minimize system losses internal to a photovoltaic (PV) power generation system. 14. A method in accordance with claim 12, further comprising coupling a grid-side inverter between the plurality of PV collector units and the electrical load. 15. A method in accordance with claim 12, further comprising storing operating parameters within the collector-side single-phase inverter that control operation of the collector-side single-phase inverter upon detection of a grid event. 16. A method in accordance with claim 12, further comprising configuring the plurality of PV collector units to produce reactive power and apply the reactive power to the electrical load. 17. A power conversion system, comprising: a plurality of collector-side single-phase inverters configured to receive variable input direct current (DC) voltage; and, a system controller coupled to the plurality of collector-side single-phase inverters and configured to control operation of the plurality of collector-side single-phase inverters, the plurality of collector-side single-phase inverters configured to provide a poly-phase alternating current (AC) to an electrical load. 18. A power conversion system in accordance with claim 17, wherein the plurality of collector-side single-phase inverters store operating parameters and operate in accordance with the operating parameters in response to grid conditions. 19. A power conversion system in accordance with claim 18, wherein the system controller is configured to adjust the stored operating parameters prior to an occurrence of a grid condition. 20. A power conversion system in accordance with claim 17, wherein each of the plurality of collector-side single-phase inverters are configured to separately control real and reactive power applied to each phase of the poly-phase AC. 