An apparatus and method are disclosed for dual Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle (EELV) Secondary Payload Adapter (ESPA) port small satellite designs. The apparatus and method provide payload volume for larger satellites. In one or more embodiments, the apparatus and method include a plurality of small satellite components, a payload adaptor ring, and at least one pivoting hinge system. In at least one embodiment, the plurality of small satellite components includes at least one payload, one bus, and/or one solar panel. The small satellite components are mounted on the payload adaptor ring. At least one pivoting hinge system connects together at least two of the small satellite components. Upon deployment of the small satellite components from the payload adaptor ring, at least one pivoting hinge system combines together at least two small satellite components, thereby creating at least one single larger satellite.
Claims 1. An apparatus to provide payload volume for larger satellites, the apparatus comprising: a plurality of small satellite components; a payload adaptor ring, wherein the small satellite components are mounted on the payload adapter ring; and at least one pivoting hinge system, wherein the at least one pivoting hinge system connects together at least two of the small satellite components, wherein upon deployment of the small satellite components from the payload adapter ring, the at least one pivoting hinge system combines together the at least two small satellite components, thereby creating at least one single larger satellite. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the plurality of small satellite components includes at least one payload. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the plurality of small satellite components includes at least one bus. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the plurality of small satellite components includes at least one solar panel. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the payload adaptor ring comprises at least two payload ports. 6. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein each of the small satellite components is mounted to one payload port of the payload adaptor ring. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the apparatus further comprises at least one mechanical clamp band. 8. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein one half of the at least one mechanical clamp band is mounted to the payload adaptor ring and the other half of the at least one mechanical clamp band is mounted to one small satellite component. 9. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein the at least one mechanical clamp band provides an interface for two small satellite components that are combined together. 10. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein the at least one mechanical clamp band is able to couple and uncouple repeatedly the interface of the two small satellite components. 11. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the apparatus further comprises at least one flexible electrical cable, wherein the at least one flexible electrical cable is connected to the at least two small satellite components, and wherein the at least one flexible electrical cable allows for electrical connections and for communication between the at least two small satellite components. 12. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the apparatus further comprises a means for local wireless communication between the at least two small satellite components. 13. An apparatus to provide payload volume for larger satellites, the apparatus comprising: a plurality of small satellite components; a payload adaptor ring, wherein the small satellite components are mounted on the payload adapter ring; and at least one cable and reel system, wherein the at least one cable and reel system connects together at least two of the small satellite components, wherein, upon deployment of the small satellite components from the payload adapter ring, the at least one cable and reel system combine together the at least two small satellite components, thereby creating at least one single larger satellite. 14. A method to provide payload volume for larger satellites, the method comprising: providing a plurality of small satellite components; providing a payload adaptor ring; mounting the small satellite components on the payload adapter ring; providing at least one pivoting hinge system; connecting together with the at least one pivoting hinge system at least two of the small satellite components; and wherein, upon deployment of the small satellite components from the payload adapter ring, combining together with the at least one pivoting hinge system the at least two small satellite components, thereby creating at least one single larger satellite. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein the plurality of small satellite components includes at least one payload. 16. The method of claim 14, wherein the plurality of small satellite components includes at least one bus. 17. The method of claim 14, wherein the plurality of small satellite components includes at least one solar panel. 18. The method of claim 14, wherein the payload adaptor ring comprises at least two payload ports. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein each of the small satellite components is mounted to one payload port of the payload adaptor ring. 20. The method of claim 14, wherein the method further comprises providing at least one mechanical clamp band. 21. The method of claim 20, wherein one half of the at least one mechanical clamp band is mounted to the payload adaptor ring and the other half of the at least one mechanical clamp band is mounted to one small satellite component. 22. The method of claim 20, wherein the at least one mechanical clamp band provides an interface for two small satellite components that are combined together. 23. The method of claim 22, wherein the at least one mechanical clamp band is able to couple and uncouple repeatedly the interface of the two small satellite components. 24. The method of claim 14, wherein the method further comprises providing at least one flexible electrical cable; and connecting the at least one flexible electrical cable to the at least two small satellite components, wherein the at least one flexible electrical cable allows for electrical connections and for communication between the at least two small satellite components. 25. The method of claim 14, wherein the method further comprises providing a means for local wireless communication between the at least two small satellite components. 26. A method to provide payload volume for larger satellites, the method comprising: providing a plurality of small satellite components; providing a payload adaptor ring; mounting the small satellite components on the payload adapter ring; providing at least one cable and reel system; connecting together with the at least one cable and reel system at least two of the small satellite components; and wherein, upon deployment of the small satellite components from the payload adapter ring, combining together with the at least one cable and reel system the at least two small satellite components, thereby creating at least one single larger satellite. 