A solar array includes a plurality of solar modules arrayed along at least one of an X-direction and a Y-direction perpendicular to the X-direction in a not-overlapped state with rear surfaces of the solar modules being directed downwards, and a mounting member arranged between corners of the solar modules adjacent to each other. The mounting member includes a first member extending in at least one of the X-direction and the Y-direction, a second member including a support portion supporting the rear surface of the solar module, a third member including a clamping portion clamping the solar module in cooperation with the support portion of the second member, and a fixing member fixing the second member and the third member to the first member. The second member and the third member are movable along a lengthwise direction of the first member.
Claims 1. A solar array comprising: a plurality of solar modules arrayed along at least one of an X-direction and a Y-direction perpendicular to the X-direction in a not-overlapped state with rear surfaces of the solar modules being directed downwards; and a mounting member arranged between corners of the solar modules adjacent to each other, the mounting member including: a first member extending in at least one of the X-direction and the Y-direction; a second member positioned on the first member and including a support portion supporting the rear surface of the solar module; a third member positioned on the second member and including a clamping portion clamping the solar module in cooperation with the support portion of the second member; and a fixing member vertically penetrating through the second member and the third member and fixing the second member and the third member to the first member, the second member and the third member being movable along a lengthwise direction of the first member. 2. The solar array according to claim 1, wherein the first member has an elongate shape with the Y-direction being a lengthwise direction thereof, and before the second member and the third member are fixed to the first member by the fixing member, the second member is movable in the Y-direction and the third member is movable in the X-direction and the Y-direction. 3. The solar array according to claim 2, wherein the second member includes, on a first principal surface thereof facing the first member, a first guide portion guiding movement of the second member in the Y-direction. 4. The solar array according to claim 3, wherein the first guide portion is provided by a pair of first projections erected from the first principal surface of the second member and arranged in oppositely spaced relation in a widthwise direction of the first member, and a distance between the pair of first projections in the widthwise direction of the first member is equal to or larger than a widthwise size of the first member. 5. The solar array according to claim 2, wherein the second member includes, in a second principal surface thereof facing the third member, a second guide portion guiding movement of the third member in the X-direction with respect to the second member, and the third member includes a through-hole through which the fixing member is inserted, the through-hole allowing the third member to be moved in the X-direction before the third member is fixed to the first member. 6. The solar array according to claim 5, wherein the second guide portion is provided by a pair of second projections erected from the second principal surface of the second member and extending in the X-direction, the pair of second projections are arranged at positions spaced in the Y-direction, and a distance between the pair of second projections in the Y-direction is equal to or larger than a size of the third member in the Y-direction. 7. The solar array according to claim 5, wherein the through-hole is a hole elongate in the X-direction. 8. The solar array according to claim 1, wherein a size of the second member in the X-direction is smaller than a size of the solar module in the X-direction. 9. The solar array according to claim 1, wherein a size of the third member in the Y-direction is smaller than a size of the second member in the X-direction. 10. The solar array according to claim 1, wherein the third member further includes a protruded portion held between the solar modules adjacent to each other. 11. The solar array according to claim 1, wherein the plural solar modules of the solar array are arrayed at least along the Y-direction in which the solar array is sloped, and the solar array further comprises a protective member supporting a lower-side portion of a first solar module, which is positioned on the lowermost side in the Y-direction among the plural solar modules. 12. The solar array according to claim 11, wherein the protective member includes a body, a rail groove being elongate in the X-direction and receiving the lower-side portion of the first solar module, and a hollow portion formed in the body and extending in a lengthwise direction of the rail groove. 13. The solar array according to claim 11, further comprising a plurality of supports elongate in the Y-direction, wherein the protective member is fixed to the supports. 14. The solar array according to claim 12, wherein the rail groove includes an inclined portion for guiding the lower-side portion of the first solar module into the rail groove. 15. The solar array according to claim 1, further comprising height adjusting means for moving at least the second member and the third member of the mounting member in a Z-direction that is orthogonal to the X-direction and the Y-direction. 16. The solar array according to claim 15, further comprising a support member arranged below the first member and supporting the first member, wherein the height adjusting means includes a male screw and a female screw, which are provided on the first member and the support member, respectively, and which are capable of meshing with each other. 17. The solar array according to claim 16, wherein the support member includes an elongate base portion extending in the Y-direction. 18. The solar array according to claim 15, wherein the height adjusting means is provided as a cylindrical fourth member arranged between the first member and the second member, and the fourth member includes a first cylindrical portion having a first screw portion in an outer peripheral surface thereof, and a second cylindrical portion having a second screw portion in an inner peripheral surface thereof, the second screw portion meshing with the first screw portion. 19. The solar array according to claim 18, wherein the first cylindrical portion is arranged on the first member, and the second member is arranged on the second cylindrical portion, and the first cylindrical portion includes, at a lower end thereof, an engagement portion engaging with the first member. 20. The solar array according to claim 18, wherein a center line of the first cylindrical portion, a center line of the second cylindrical portion, and a center line of the fixing member are arranged on one linear line. 