A bag includes a frame having a base, a pair of side walls, and a pair of end walls. The base, side walls, and end walls are engaged to one another to define an interior portion accessible via an open end of the frame. An inner lining is removably positionable within the frame and an outer jacket is removably positionable about the frame. The outer jacket is configured to engage the inner lining adjacent the open end of the frame to secure the outer jacket and the inner lining about the frame. A solar charging unit is mountable on the frame. The solar charging unit includes one or more solar cell arrays and one or more energy storage devices. The solar charging unit is configured to provide charging power to one or more portable electronic devices coupled thereto.
Claims 1. A bag, comprising: a frame including a base, a pair of side walls, and a pair of end walls, the base, side walls, and end walls engaged to one another to define an interior portion accessible via an open end of the frame; an inner lining removably positionable within the frame; an outer jacket removably positionable about the frame and configured to engage the inner lining adjacent the open end of the frame to secure the outer jacket and the inner lining about the frame; and a solar charging unit mountable on the frame, the solar charging unit including at least one solar cell array and at least one energy storage device, the solar charging unit configured to provide charging power to at least one portable electronic device coupled thereto. 2. The bag according to claim 1, wherein the frame is formed from cork. 3. The bag according to claim 2, wherein the cork base, side walls, and end walls are sewn together. 4. The bag according to claim 1, further comprising a plurality of feet disposed on and extending from the base of the frame. 5. The bag according to claim 1, wherein the at least one solar cell array is formed from one of: monocrystalline silicon, polycrystalline silicon, amorphous silicon, cadmium telluride, copper indium gallium selenide (CIGS), and organic solar cells. 6. The bag according to claim 1, wherein the at least one solar cell array is formed from recycled solar panels. 7. The bag according to claim 1, wherein the frame further includes a pair of carrying straps engaged thereon. 8. The bag according to claim 1, wherein the energy storage device includes one of: hydrofuel cell packs, NiMh battery packs, and lithium ion battery packs. 9. The bag according to claim 1, wherein the outer jacket and inner lining are engagable with one another via buttoning. 10. The bag according to claim 1, further comprising an exterior pocket mountable on the frame. 11. The bag according to claim 10, wherein the energy storage device is coupled to the exterior pocket such that at least one portable electronic device is positionable within the exterior pocket for charging. 12. The bag according to claim 1, wherein the solar charging unit is configured to charge the at least one portable electronic device via inductive charging. 13. A bag, comprising: a cork frame including a base, a pair of side walls, and a pair of end walls, the base, side walls, and end walls sewn together to define an interior portion accessible via an open end of the frame; an inner lining formed from natural textiles, the inner lining disposed within the interior portion of the frame; an outer jacket formed from natural textiles, the outer jacket disposed about the frame; and a solar charging unit mounted on the frame, the solar charging unit including at least one solar cell array and at least one reusable energy storage device, the at least one solar cell array formed from recycled solar cell panels. 14. The bag according to claim 13, wherein the outer jacket and inner lining are engagable with one another via buttoning. 15. The bag according to claim 13, wherein the energy storage device includes at least one hydrofuel cell pack. 16. The bag according to claim 13, further comprising a plurality of feet disposed on and extending from the base of the frame, the feet formed from natural materials. 17. A kit, comprising: a bag frame; a plurality of inner linings, each inner lining defining a different configuration and configured for positioning within the frame; a plurality of outer jackets, each outer jacket defining a different configuration and configured for positioning about the frame, each of the outer jackets configured to engage each of the inner linings for engaging the outer jacket and inner lining to one another about the bag frame; and a solar charging unit, including: at least one solar cell array mountable on the frame; at least one energy storage device mountable on the frame; and at least one connection member for coupling at least one portable electronic device to the solar charging unit for charging. 18. The kit according to claim 17, wherein one of the connection members is an inductive charging plate. 19. The kit according to claim 17, further comprising at least one pocket mountable on the frame, the at least one pocket configured to receive the at least one portable electronic device therein to facilitate charging of the at least one portable electronic device. 20. The kit according to claim 17, wherein the frame is formed from cork to facilitate mounting the at least one solar cell array and the at least one energy storage device thereto. 