Power converter systems with high accuracy signal generation and associated methods are disclosed herein. In one embodiment, a method for controlling an inverter coupled to a grid includes receiving data representing a voltage signal of the grid, analyzing the received data in frequency domain, and extracting a fundamental frequency component from the analyzed data in frequency domain. The method can also include calculating a waveform based on the fundamental frequency component and controlling an output of the inverter based on the calculated waveform.
Claims 1. A method for controlling an inverter coupled to a grid, comprising: receiving data representing a voltage signal of the grid; analyzing the received data in frequency domain; extracting a fundamental frequency component from the analyzed data in frequency domain; calculating a waveform based on the fundamental frequency component; and controlling an output of the inverter based on the calculated waveform. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein: analyzing the received data includes applying at least one of a fast Fourier transformation, a discrete Fourier transformation, a fractional Fourier transformation, and a Laplace transformation to the received data to derive a plurality of frequency components; the plurality of frequency components include the fundamental frequency component and a non-fundamental frequency component; extracting the fundamental frequency component includes selecting the fundamental frequency component from the plurality of frequency components; calculating the waveform includes calculating a sine or cosine waveform based on the extracted fundamental frequency component, the calculated waveform being substantially independent of the non-fundamental frequency component; and controlling the output of the inverter includes synchronizing at least one of a phase and frequency of the output of the inverter with the calculated waveform. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein: analyzing the received data includes applying at least one of a fast Fourier transformation, a discrete Fourier transformation, a fractional Fourier transformation, and a Laplace transformation to the received data to derive a plurality of frequency components; the plurality of frequency components include the fundamental frequency component and a non-fundamental frequency component; extracting the fundamental frequency component includes selecting the fundamental frequency component from the plurality of frequency components; calculating the waveform includes calculating a first waveform based on the extracted fundamental frequency component and a second waveform based on the non-fundamental frequency component, the calculated second waveform being configured to compensate for the non-fundamental frequency component; and controlling the output of the inverter includes synchronizing at least one of a phase and frequency of the output of the inverter with the calculated first waveform and injecting a current into the grid based on the calculated second waveform. 4. The method of claim 1 wherein analyzing the received data includes applying at least one of a fast Fourier transformation, a discrete Fourier transformation, a fractional Fourier transformation, and a Laplace transformation to the received data. 5. The method of claim 1 wherein: analyzing the received data includes applying at least one of a fast Fourier transformation, a discrete Fourier transformation, a fractional Fourier transformation, and a Laplace transformation to the received data to derive a plurality of frequency components; and the plurality of frequency components include the fundamental frequency component and a non-fundamental frequency component. 6. The method of claim 1 wherein: analyzing the received data includes applying at least one of a fast Fourier transformation, a discrete Fourier transformation, a fractional Fourier transformation, and a Laplace transformation to the received data to derive a plurality of frequency components; the plurality of frequency components include the fundamental frequency component and a non-fundamental frequency component; and extracting the fundamental frequency component includes selecting the fundamental frequency component from the plurality of frequency components. 7. The method of claim 1 wherein: analyzing the received data includes applying at least one of a fast Fourier transformation, a discrete Fourier transformation, a fractional Fourier transformation, and a Laplace transformation to the received data to derive a plurality of frequency components; the plurality of frequency components include the fundamental frequency component and a non-fundamental frequency component; calculating the waveform includes calculating a waveform based on the non-fundamental frequency component, the calculated waveform being configured to compensate for the non-fundamental frequency component; and controlling the output of the inverter includes injecting a current into the grid based on the calculated second waveform. 8. A power inverter, comprising: a direct current (DC) input component configured to receive a DC produced by one or more photovoltaic cells; a power switching component configured to generate alternating current (AC) from the received DC; an AC output component configured to output the generated AC to a grid; a detection circuit configured to sample data representing a voltage of the grid; a controller operably coupled to the power switching component and the detection circuit, the controller including a computer storage medium containing instructions executable to perform a process comprising: receiving the sampled data from the detection circuit; analyzing the received data in frequency domain; extracting a fundamental frequency component from the analyzed data in frequency domain; calculating a waveform based solely on the fundamental frequency component; and controlling an output of the inverter based on the calculated waveform. 9. The power converter of claim 8 wherein analyzing the received data includes applying at least one of a fast Fourier transformation, a discrete Fourier transformation, a fractional Fourier transformation, and a Laplace transformation to the received data. 10. The power converter of claim 8 wherein: analyzing the received data includes applying at least one of a fast Fourier transformation, a discrete Fourier transformation, a fractional Fourier transformation, and a Laplace transformation to the received data to derive a plurality of frequency components; and the plurality of frequency components include the fundamental frequency component and a non-fundamental frequency component. 11. The power converter of claim 8 wherein: analyzing the received data includes applying at least one of a fast Fourier transformation, a discrete Fourier transformation, a fractional Fourier transformation, and a Laplace transformation to the received data to derive a plurality of frequency components; the plurality of frequency components include the fundamental frequency component and a non-fundamental frequency component; and extracting the fundamental frequency component includes selecting the fundamental frequency component from the plurality of frequency components. 12. The power converter of claim 8 wherein: analyzing the received data includes applying at least one of a fast Fourier transformation, a discrete Fourier transformation, a fractional Fourier transformation, and a Laplace transformation to the received data to derive a plurality of frequency components; the plurality of frequency components include the fundamental frequency component and a non-fundamental frequency component; calculating the waveform includes calculating a waveform based on the non-fundamental frequency component, the calculated waveform being configured to compensate for the non-fundamental frequency component; and controlling the output of the inverter includes injecting a current into the grid based on the calculated second waveform. 13. A controller for controlling an inverter coupled to a grid, comprising: a processor configured to receive data representing a voltage signal of the grid, analyze the received data in frequency domain, extract a fundamental frequency component from the analyzed data in frequency domain, and calculate a waveform based solely on the fundamental frequency component; and a memory storing the calculated waveform and instructions configured to control an output of the inverter based on the calculated waveform. 14. The controller of claim 13 wherein the processor is configured to apply at least one of a fast Fourier transformation, a discrete Fourier transformation, a fractional Fourier transformation, and a Laplace transformation to the received data. 15. The controller of claim 13 wherein: the processor is configured to apply at least one of a fast Fourier transformation, a discrete Fourier transformation, a fractional Fourier transformation, and a Laplace transformation to the received data to derive a plurality of frequency components; and the plurality of frequency components include the fundamental frequency component and a non-fundamental frequency component. 16. The controller of claim 13 wherein: the processor is configured to apply at least one of a fast Fourier transformation, a discrete Fourier transformation, a fractional Fourier transformation, and a Laplace transformation to the received data to derive a plurality of frequency components; the plurality of frequency components include the fundamental frequency component and a non-fundamental frequency component; and the processor is configured to extract the fundamental frequency component from the plurality of frequency components. 17. The controller of claim 13 wherein: the processor is configured to apply at least one of a fast Fourier transformation, a discrete Fourier transformation, a fractional Fourier transformation, and a Laplace transformation to the received data to derive a plurality of frequency components; the plurality of frequency components include the fundamental frequency component and a non-fundamental frequency component; the processor is also configured to calculate a waveform based on the non-fundamental frequency component, the calculated waveform being configured to compensate for the non-fundamental frequency component; and the memory stores instructions configured to inject a current into the grid based on the calculated waveform. 