Described herein are embodiments of microgrid systems which may be used as stand-alone systems or may be connected to a larger, integrate power supply system. In some embodiments, a system comprises smart microgrid system comprising at least one electrical power bus connectable to at least one input power source by one or more switchable connections, a communication network coupled to the smart microgrid system, and a controller coupled to the communication network. In some embodiments the controller comprises logic to monitor power outputs from the at least one input power source monitor one or more power loads coupled to the at least one and selectively connect one or more of the input power sources to the at least one electrical power bus.
Claims 1. A smart microgrid system, comprising: at least one electrical power bus connectable to at least one input power source by one or more switchable connections; a communication network coupled to the smart microgrid system; and a controller coupled to the communication network, wherein the controller comprises logic to: monitor power outputs from the at least one input power source; monitor one or more power loads coupled to the at least one electrical power bus; and regulate the power drawn from one or more of the input power sources to the at least one electrical power bus. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the at least input power source comprises at least one of: a solar power source; a combined heat power source; a wind turbine; a combustion generator; or a power storage device. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the controller switches the one or more switchable connections between: a first state in which an electrical connection is established between the at least one input power source and the at least one electrical power bus and; a second state in which an electrical connection is severed between the at least one input power source and the at least one electrical power bus. 4. The system of claim 1, further comprising at least one power bus interface, wherein each power bus interface comprises: at least one power inverter; at least one power regulator; and at least one measurement system. 5. The system of claim 4, wherein the power inverter transforms direct current power generated by a power source to an alternating current electrical power. 6. The system of claim 4 wherein the power regulator regulates the output power from the at least one input power source at the power bus interface. 7. The system of claim 4, wherein the at least one measurement system comprises logic to monitor a power requirement of one or more loads coupled to the electrical power bus; and manage the at least one power regulator to draw a predetermined amount of power from the at least one input power source. 8. The system of claim 4, wherein the power bus interface synchronizes one or more electrical parameters of power generated by the at least one input power source with electrical parameters of electricity on the at least one electrical power bus. 9. The system of claim 4, wherein the measurement system: monitors power data including energy harvest, forecasted local loads, and shared loads for the at least one input power source; and passes the power data to the at least one power regulator. 10. The system of claim 1, wherein the controller further comprises logic to: initialize the communication network coupled to the smart microgrid system; determine a grid configuration for the at least one input power source; determine an average shared loading and an average local load; and perform a state of health check routine for the at least one input power source. 11. The system of claim 1, wherein the controller further comprises logic to: assign one or more input power sources as a primary power source and one or more input power sources as a secondary power source for a given load; and prioritize one or more loads in the event of a power shortage, the priority of a particular load being used to selectively disconnect the particular load from the electrical power bus through a switchable connection. 12. The system of claim 1, wherein to the smart microgrid system is coupled to an external utility grid. 13. A method to manage one or more microgrid coupled to a shared electrical grid, the method comprising: measuring one or more local loads on the one or more microgrids; measuring one or more shared loads on the shared electrical grid; assigning a prioritization scheme to the one or more local loads and the one or more shared loads; and regulating power drawn from the one or more microgrids to the shared electrical grid in accordance with the prioritization scheme. 14. The method of claim 13, further comprising: initializing a communication network coupled to the one or more microgrids and the shared electrical grid. 15. The method of claim 13, wherein regulating power drawn from the one or more microgrids to the shared electrical grid in accordance with the prioritization scheme comprises selectively disconnecting the one or more microgrids from the shared electrical grid in accordance with the prioritization scheme. 16. The method of claim 13, wherein regulating power drawn from the one or more microgrids to the shared electrical grid in accordance with the prioritization scheme comprises converting at least one electrical property of the power drawn from the one or more microgrids. 17. The method of claim 13, wherein regulating power drawn from the one or more microgrids to the shared electrical grid in accordance with the prioritization scheme comprises: measuring a power requirement of one or more loads coupled to the shared electrical grid; and managing the at least one power regulator to draw a predetermined amount of power from the one or more microgrids. 18. The method of claim 13, wherein regulating power drawn from the one or more microgrids to the shared electrical grid in accordance with the prioritization scheme comprises synchronizing one or more electrical parameters of power generated by the at least one microgrid with electrical parameters of electricity on the at least one electrical power bus. 19. The method of claim 13, wherein regulating power drawn from the one or more microgrids to the shared electrical grid in accordance with the prioritization scheme comprises: monitoring power data including energy harvest, forecasted local loads, and shared loads for the at least one microgrid; and passing the power data to the at least one power regulator. 20. The method of claim 13, further comprising performing a state of health check routine. 21. A controller to manage operations of a smartgrid system, the controller comprising logic to: monitor power outputs from at least one input power source; monitor one or more power loads coupled to the smartgrid system; and regulate the power drawn from one or more of the input power sources to the smartgrid system. 22. The controller of claim 21, further comprising: at least one electrical power bus connectable to the at least one input power source by one or more switchable connections; and a communication network coupled to the smart microgrid system. 23. The controller of claim 22, wherein the communication network comprises at least one router, and wherein the controller manages one or more operations of the router. 24. The controller of claim 23, wherein the controller further comprises logic to: initialize the communication network coupled to the smart microgrid system; determine a grid configuration for the at least one input power source; determine an average shared loading and an average local load; and perform a state of health check routine for the at least one input power source. 