A method for embedding at least one solar structure, including one or more anchoring legs, includes making one or more holes in which the at least one solar structure is to be installed; forming one or more concrete slabs in the hole(s) at one installation rib; after setting of the concrete slab(s), locating the position(s) of the anchoring leg(s) of the at least one solar structure on the concrete slab(s); installing the at least one solar structure in the hole(s), with the anchoring leg(s) bearing on the concrete slab(s) at the position(s) of the anchoring leg(s) that were located beforehand; and embedding the at least one solar structure.
Claims 1. A method for embedding at least one solar structure comprising one or more anchoring legs, the method including: digging one or more holes in which the at least one solar structure is to be installed; forming one or more concrete slabs in the hole(s) at one installation rib; after setting of the concrete slab(s), locating position(s) of the anchoring leg(s) of the at least one solar structure on the concrete slab(s); installing the at least one solar structure in the hole(s), with the anchoring leg(s) bearing on the concrete slab(s) at the position(s) of the anchoring leg(s) that were previously located; and embedding the at least one solar structure. 2. The method for embedding at least one solar structure according to claim 1, including, before digging the one or more holes, making one or more stakeouts to determine location of an installation site. 3. The method for embedding at least one solar structure according to claim 1, including embedding the at least one solar structure by pouring concrete in the hole(s). 4. The method for embedding at least one solar structure according to claim 3, including, before embedding the at least one solar structure, forming a casing around the anchoring leg(s) in the hole(s). 5. The method for embedding at least one solar structure according to claim 1, including, before forming one or more concrete slab(s), placing a lattice on shims in the hole(s). 6. The method for embedding at least one solar structure according to claim 5, wherein forming one or more concrete slabs includes placing connecting means proximate the position of the anchoring leg(s). 7. The method for embedding at least one solar structure according to claim 6, including, before embedding the at least one solar structure, fastening the anchoring leg(s) using the connecting means. 8. The method for embedding at least one solar structure according to claim 1, including, before installing the at least one solar structure, assembling the at least one solar structure on a mounting template. 9. The method for embedding at least one solar structure according to claim 8, including installing the mounting template near the hole(s), and moving the at least one solar structure, after assembly, from the mounting template to the hole(s). 10. The method for embedding at least one solar structure according to 1, including, before installing the at least one solar structure, fastening a maintenance and handling belt around the at least one solar structure. 11. The method for embedding at least one solar structure according to claim 10, including, before or after embedding the at least one solar structure, removing the maintenance and handling belt. 