A pumping system, method and computer readable medium for temperature management. The system comprises generator means for connection to an energy source, preferably waste heat or solar energy; condenser means; evaporator means; and pressure means comprising at least one supersonic ejector to receive and provide flow paths for input primary and secondary flows, the input primary flow being a gaseous or a liquid flow. The method comprises providing and operatively connecting energy source means, condenser means, evaporator means, generator means and a pressure means comprising at least one supersonic ejector to receive input primary and secondary flows from a flow path; selecting and delivering a supply of temperature management fluid to the flow path; and selectively adjusting the configuration and operational parameters of the ejectors in response to monitored temperature values and operating conditions. The system economically provides improved efficiency for heating, cooling or refrigeration.
Claims 1. A pumping system for temperature management comprising (i) generator means, constructed and arranged to be operatively connected to an energy source; (ii) condenser means; (iii) evaporator means; and (iv) pressure means comprising at least one supersonic ejector constructed and arranged to receive and provide flow paths for an input primary flow and an input secondary flow, the input primary flow being selected from a gaseous flow and a liquid flow. 2-32. (canceled) 33. A system according to claim 1, wherein the temperature management is selected from at least one of heating, refrigeration, cooling and air-conditioning. 34. A system according to claim 1, wherein the energy source comprises an energy source selected from at least one of a waste heat delivery means and a solar heat delivery means. 35. A system according to claim 1, further comprising separator means having an inlet means operatively connected to the pressure means and an outlet means operatively connected to the evaporator means. 36. A system according to claim 35, wherein the separator means comprises a second inlet means and a second outlet means each operatively connected to the condenser means. 37. A system according to claim 1, comprising a plurality of supersonic static ejectors. 38. A system according to claim 37, wherein the plurality of supersonic static ejectors comprises at least two supersonic static ejectors which are operationally located in series. 39. A system according to claim 37, wherein the plurality of supersonic static ejectors comprises at least two supersonic static ejectors which are operationally located in parallel. 40. A system according to claim 37, wherein at least one of the plurality of supersonic static ejectors has a configuration and a capacity which differs from a configuration and a capacity of at least one other of the supersonic static ejectors. 41. A system according to claim 40, further comprising a control means to selectively activate and deactivate individual ones of the supersonic static ejectors in response to determinations of operating conditions within the system. 42. A system according to claim 1, wherein each of the at least one supersonic static ejector further comprises internal adjustment means. 43. A system according to claim 42, wherein the internal adjustment means comprises means for adjusting at least one parameter selected from the configuration and dimensions of the flow paths provided for each of the input primary flow and the input secondary flow. 44. A method of temperature management for a structure, the method comprising the steps of (a) providing energy source means, condenser means and evaporator means, and generator means for operative connection to the energy source means, the condenser means and the evaporator means; (b) selecting a pressure means comprising at least one supersonic static ejector, each ejector having an internal configuration constructed and arranged to receive an input primary flow and an input secondary flow; (c) providing an operative connection between the pressure means, the condenser means and the evaporator means to provide a flow path for a temperature management fluid; (d) selecting a temperature management fluid and delivering a supply of the selected temperature management fluid to the flow path; (e) providing an operative connection between the generator means and the energy source means and using energy from the energy source means to activate and operate the generator to move the supply of temperature management fluid along the flow path to selectively regulate temperatures at selected locations associated with the structure; (f) selectively monitoring temperatures at the selected locations to obtain determined temperature values; and (g) selectively adjusting the configuration and operational parameters of the pressure means in response to the determined temperature values and operating conditions. 45. A method according to claim 44, wherein each of the at least one supersonic static ejector comprises internal adjustment means, and the adjusting in step (g) further comprises operating the internal adjustment means to selectively adjust the internal configuration of selected ones of the at least one supersonic static ejector. 46. A method according to claim 44, wherein each of the at least one supersonic static ejector is constructed and arranged to receive an input primary flow selected from a gaseous flow and a liquid flow. 47. A method according to claim 44, wherein step (b) comprises selecting a plurality of supersonic static ejectors. 48. A method according to claim 47, wherein the plurality of supersonic static ejectors comprises at least two supersonic static ejectors which are operationally located in series. 49. A method according to claim 47, wherein the plurality of supersonic static ejectors comprises at least two supersonic static ejectors which are operationally located in parallel. 50. A method according to claim 47, wherein at least one of the plurality of supersonic static ejectors has a configuration and a capacity which differs from a configuration and a capacity of at least one other of the plurality of supersonic static ejectors. 51. A method according to claim 50, wherein step (b) further comprises providing a control means operatively connected to each of the plurality of supersonic static ejectors, and step (g) comprises selectively activating and deactivating individual ones of the supersonic static ejectors. 52. A method according to claim 44, wherein the temperature management fluid is a refrigerant. 53. A method according to claim 52, wherein the refrigerant is selected from R-123, R-134a, R-152, R-717, R-245fa, R290, R600, carbon dioxide and trans-butene. 54. A method according to claim 44, wherein the energy source means is constructed and arranged to deliver energy selected from at least one of waste heat and solar heat. 55. A method according to claim 44, wherein the monitoring in step (f) is performed in a manner selected from periodically and continuously. 56. A method according to claim 44, wherein the adjusting in step (g) comprises adjusting a configuration of the flow path in relation to each supersonic static ejector. 57. A method according to claim 44, wherein the adjusting in step (g) comprises adjusting operational parameters selected from at least one of a rate of supply of energy to the energy source means, and location and configuration of at least one of the condenser means, the evaporator means, and the generator means. 58. A computer readable medium having recorded thereon computer readable instructions for performing at least one step of the method of claim 44. 59. A computer readable medium according to claim 58, wherein the at least one step comprises selectively monitoring temperatures at the selected locations to obtain determined temperature values; and selectively adjusting the configuration and operational parameters of the pressure means in response to the determined temperature values and operating conditions. 60. A computer readable medium according to claim 58, wherein the at least one step comprises selectively adjusting the internal configuration of selected ones of the at least one supersonic static ejector. 61. A computer readable medium according to claim 58, wherein the at least one step comprises selectively activating and deactivating individual ones of a plurality of supersonic static ejectors. 62. A computer readable medium according to claim 58, wherein the at least one step comprises adjusting a configuration of the flow path in relation to each supersonic static ejector. 63. A computer readable medium according to claim 58, wherein the at least one step comprises adjusting operational parameters selected from at least one of a rate of supply of energy to the energy source means, and location and configuration of at least one of the condenser means, the evaporator means, and the generator means. 