Wind energy systems comprise a wind accelerator having a support assembly and an outer structure surrounding the support assembly. The wind accelerator has a front region and a rear region. The rear region is substantially wider than the front region, and the outer structure tapers from the rear region to the front region. One or more turbines are mounted on the support assembly at or near the rear region of the wind accelerator or at or near the widest point of the wind accelerator.
Claims 1. A wind energy system comprising: a mounting structure having a first edge, a second edge, a top edge and a bottom edge; and one or more wind turbines mounted on the mounting structure; the mounting structure orienting so the one or more wind turbines face into oncoming wind. 2. The system of claim 1 further comprising an orienting assembly in operable connection with the mounting structure. 3. The system of claim 2 wherein the orienting assembly comprises a yaw control mechanism. 4. The system of claim 2 wherein the orienting assembly comprises a control system. 5. The system of claim 4 further comprising a met tower in communication with the control system. 6. The system of claim 2 wherein the one or more wind turbines are mounted on one or more of the first edge and the second edge of the mounting structure. 7. The system of claim 1 wherein the one or more turbines is selected from the group: Darrieus vertical axis wind turbine and Savonius vertical axis wind turbine. 8. The system of claim 1 further comprising a rectifier and an inverter to provide electricity from the one or more wind turbines. 9. The system of claim 1 wherein the mounting structure is one of: substantially flat, curved, V-shaped, and W-shaped. 10. A renewable energy system comprising: a mounting structure; and one or more energy conversion devices mounted on the mounting structure; the mounting structure orienting the one or more energy capturing devices to enhance their energy capturing capacity. 11. The renewable energy system of claim 10 wherein the one or more energy conversion devices includes a wind turbine. 12. The renewable energy system of claim 10 wherein the one or more energy conversion devices includes a solar panel. 13. The system of claim 10 further comprising an orienting assembly in operable connection with the mounting structure. 14. The system of claim 13 wherein the orienting assembly comprises a yaw control mechanism. 15. The system of claim 13 wherein the orienting assembly comprises a control system. 16. The system of claim 15 further comprising a met tower in communication with the control system. 17. The system of claim 9 wherein the mounting structure is one or more of: substantially flat curved, V-shaped, and W-shaped. 18. A method of orienting a wind energy system, comprising: mounting one or more wind turbines on a substantially flat mounting structure having a first edge, a second edge, a top edge and a bottom edge; and orienting the substantially flat mounting structure so the one or more wind turbines face into oncoming wind. 19. The method of claim 18 further comprising operably connecting an orienting assembly to the mounting structure, wherein the orienting step comprises using the orienting assembly to orient the mounting structure. 20. The method of claim 19 wherein the orienting assembly comprises one or more of: a yaw control mechanism, a control system, and a met tower. 