The Vogarwit functions like a cell phone but relying on Wireless, VOIP and Broadband. The wireless uses open unsecured networks or those for sell. Security bypass technology for wireless access on the remote unit becomes a functional part of the unit later. VOIP gateways will include a Host Service Application that functions over IP using TCP as the transport protocol announcing an available service with a name set by the user and a unique MAC statically coded in the host application obtained from the MAC of the second MC located on the VOIP gateway. The VOIP gateway will be plugged into a local IP network twice; the local network will have a broadband connection with a configured router. The remote handheld will access the internet then connect to its unique service host. The host will provide the dial tone virtually connecting the remote handheld to the users home phone system.
Claims 1-31. (canceled) 32. The Vogarwit System is a hand held wireless computer/phone that connects through a wireless interne connection to the Vogarwit chip residing in a VoIP gateway comprising of a handset, a chip residing in a VoIP gateway and a secondary network interface card. 33. The Vogarwit System handset of claim 32 comprises an empty electronic programmable read only memory chip socket for future bypass function. 34. The empty electronic programmable read only memory chip socket of claim 33 comprises accommodations for security bypass technology for wireless phone access of the hand held unit and will be included as a functioning chip-less electronic programmable read only memory socket with chip to be installed in future system designs. 35. The Vogarwit System handset of claim 32 comprises functional capabilities of both secure and unsecure network environments. 36. The Vogarwit System handset of claim 32 comprises standard wireless security key input for wireless access unless bypass is available on the system. 37. The Vogarwit System handset of claim 32 comprises a fully functional handheld computer. 38. The fully functional handheld computer of claim 37 comprises internal storage equal to or greater than 100 gigabytes. 39. The Vogarwit System handset of claim 32 comprises a single USB port located on lower right side of unit below pixy stick. 40. The Vogarwit System handset of claim 32 comprises two SD slots for data storage and random access memory located at the back of the unit. 41. The Vogarwit System handset of claim 32 comprises a touch sense screen. 42. The Vogarwit System handset of claim 32 comprises a pixy stick protruding a quarter inch for access attached to the unit by a cable. 43. The pixy stick of claim 42 comprises an auto storage mechanism midpoint on the handset retracting the pixy stick for when the user releases it. 44. The Vogarwit System handset of claim 32 comprises a micro miniature drive slot located just below midpoint, on the left side of the handset, available for advanced micro miniature DVD and Blue Ray technology. 45. The Vogarwit System handset of claim 32 comprises power requirements satisfied by a removable onboard rechargeable 12 vdc lithium power storage cell. 46. The removable onboard rechargeable 12 vdc lithium power storage cell of claim 45 comprises a solar cell. 47. The solar cell of claim 46 comprises an external mounting on the back of the unit. 48. The removable onboard rechargeable 12 vdc lithium power storage cell of claim 45 comprises an external charging port located at the bottom of the unit and provides direct 12 volt dc connection by adaptor or automobile power tap for both charging and necessary power to run the unit. 49. The Vogarwit VoIP gateway access chip comprises a flash capable electronic programmable read only memory chip with sufficient advance design to accommodate the necessary data of the host service application. 50. The Vogarwit VoIP gateway access chip of claim 49 comprises the host service application. 51. The host service application of claim 50 comprises a software connection between the front end and back end of the Vogarwit VoIP gateway chip providing a virtual connection. 52. The Vogarwit VoIP gateway access chip of claim 49 comprises a connection to the local phone system within the gateway providing the chips physical front end. 53. The Vogarwit VoIP gateway access chip of claim 49 comprises a connection to a secondary network interface card located within the gateway providing the chips physical back end. 54. The Host Application of claim 50 comprises semi-permanent firmware loaded into the Vogarwit VoIP gateway access chip. 55. The Host Application of claim 50 comprises 128 bit encryption. 56. The Host Application of claim 50 comprises the gateway's secondary network interface card's machine address code address statically coded within it and a security handshake procedure verifying uniqueness of gateway/handset pair. 57. The VoIP gateway comprises a secondary network interface card as part of the gateways architecture secondary to the gateways primary network interface card. 58. The Network Interface Card of claim 57 comprises a data connection with the Vogarwit VoIP gateway access chip. 