A plurality of concentrated photovoltaic (CPV) arrays located at a solar site may be operated and communicate with a central backend management system over a public wide area network. Each of the CPV arrays is associated with a different system control point (SCP). Each SCP includes circuitry with test points for performance monitoring of at least 1) an electrical power generating circuitry that generates alternating current (AC) voltage output and 2) a tracker motion control circuit to control a position of the CPV array for that SCP, and 1) configured logic, 2) resident software applications, or 3) any combination of both in the SCP is configured to collect the performance monitoring information and store in a memory of the SCP. The information from the circuitry with test points for performance monitoring is communicated to the central backend management system over the public wide area network.
Claims 1. A concentrated photovoltaic (CPV) array management system, comprising: a plurality of concentrated photovoltaic (CPV) arrays located at a solar site, each of the CPV arrays is associated with a different system control point (SCP) which is communicatively connected to a central backend management system over a public wide area network, each SCP includes circuitry with test points for performance monitoring of at least 1) an electrical power generating circuitry that generates alternating current (AC) voltage output and 2) a tracker motion control circuit to control a position of the CPV array for that SCP, and 1) configured logic, 2) resident software applications, or 3) any combination of both in the SCP is configured to collect the performance monitoring information and store in a memory of the SCP, where the information from the circuitry with test points for performance monitoring is communicated to the central backend management system over the public wide area network. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the configured logic, resident software applications or any combination of both of the first SCP is configured to actively push the information generated by its associated CPV array to the central backend management system instead of the central backend management system having to poll a first CPV array associated with the first SCP and any other CPV arrays at the solar site, and wherein communication between a first SCP and the central backend management system is performed using a secure communication channel protocol which verifies the identity of both the central backend management system and the SCP. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the first SCP is coupled with a firewall, and wherein the first SCP is configured to establish a secured persistent connection with the central backend management system, where the first SCP that has the configured logic, resident software applications or any combination of both, configured to collect information generated by components of its associated CPV array and the components including at least the motion control circuit, a global positioning system (GPS) circuitry, parameters from a string of CPV cells feeding the electrical power generating circuitry, and the electrical power generating circuitry that generates alternating current (AC) voltage output, and where the first SCP has wireless circuitry configured to transmit the performance monitoring information to the central backend management system using the performance monitoring information, and the wireless circuitry of the first SCP is configured to receive commands from the central backend management system via acknowledgement of receipt of the secure communication channel protocol. 4. The system of claim 3, wherein the first SCP is configured to keep the secured persistent connection open by periodically transmitting outbound messages to the central backend management system, and wherein the outbound messages are transmitted using HTTPS GET commands. 5. The system of claim 4, wherein the information generated by the components of the CPV array associated with the first SCP is included as parameters of the outbound messages transmitted to the central backend management system, wherein the parameters are time stamped and stored in a buffer of the first SCP until an acknowledgement of receipt of the parameters is received from the central backend management system, where the public wide area network is the Internet, and where the secured communication channel protocol is a Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure (HTTPS) type protocol that uses certificates to identify addresses and senders that the logic in the SCP can authenticate and accept communications from. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein each of the CPV arrays located at the solar site is associated with a video camera and is contained on a two-axis tracker mechanism, and wherein the information collected and stored in the memory for the components of the CPV array associated with the first SCP further includes one or more of performance information of a string of CPV cells supplying DC power in the first CPV array, current to voltage (IV) curves associated with the first CPV array, configuration information of the string in the first CPV array, direct normal irradiation (DNI) information for the first CPV array, streaming video captured by a camera associated with the first CPV array, weather information where the first CPV array is located, tracking information of the angular coordinates of the first CPV array, and position information of the CPV array at the solar site as generated by the GPS circuitry, and where real time alarms and events are generated based on these collected and then transmitted parameters sent to the central backend management system. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the first SCP is configured to also transmit weather information at the first SCP to the central backend management system using the HTTPS commands, the weather information including ambient temperature, wind speed and cloud condition information, and wherein the first SCP is configured not to receive inbound messages. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein the information generated by the components of the CPV array associated with the first SCP includes real time alarm and event information, wherein the central backend management system is configured to store the real time event alarm and event information in a database, and wherein the real time event and alarm information is viewable by a user via a browser using a client computing system communicatively connected with the central backend management system. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein the first SCP is configured to communicate with the central backend management system via a centralized wireless router, wherein an aggregate communication from the first SCP and a second SCP at the solar site is transmitted over the Internet to the central backend management system, and wherein the central backend management system is configured with services to enable the first SCP to simulate browser communication using the HTTPS. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein each of the first SCP and the second SCP is associated with a unique identity based on its media access control (MAC) address and GPS coordinates, wherein the unique identity of the first SCP or the second SCP is transmitted to the central backend management system using the HTTPS to enable the central backend management system to identify the first SCP or the second SCP. 11. The system of claim 1, wherein the first SCP and its associated CPV array are configured to operate autonomously from the central backend management system, and wherein when a connection to the Internet is disrupted, the information generated by the CPV array associated with the first SCP is stored in a queue for subsequent transmission to the central backend management system. 12. A method for monitoring and controlling operations of a solar site having a plurality of concentrated photovoltaic (CPV) arrays, the method comprising: establishing a secured and persistent connection between a first system control point (SCP) and a central backend management system using Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure (HTTPS) over an Internet, the first SCP including circuitry and program codes for monitoring and controlling operations of a first CPV array associated with the first SCP; collecting information related to the first CPV array, the information including performance information related to electrical power generating circuitry, streaming video captured by a video camera, position information of the first CPV array at the solar site as generated by global positioning system (GPS) circuitry, direct normal incidence (DNI) information, and weather information; and transmitting the information related to the first CPV array to the central backend management system using the secured and persistent connection, wherein the information related to the first CPV array is stored in a buffer of the first SCP until an acknowledgement message is received from the central backend management system. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein the first SCP is configured to receive commands from the central backend management system via the acknowledgement message. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein the first SCP is configured to keep the secured and persistent connection with the central backend management system open by periodically transmitting outbound heartbeat messages to the central backend management system. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein the first SCP is configured to actively push the information related to the first CPV array to the central backend management system instead of the central backend management system having to poll the first CPV array for the information. 16. The method of claim 12, wherein the first CPV array is contained on a two-axis tracker mechanism, wherein the information related to the first CPV array includes real time alarm and event information, the central backend management system configured to store the real time event alarm and event information in a database, the real time event and alarm information viewable by a user using a browser in a client computing system communicatively connected with the central backend management system. 17. The method of claim 12, wherein the information related to the first CPV array is aggregated with information related to a second CPV array when it is transmitted to the central backend management system using the secured and persistent connection, and wherein when the secured and persistent connection is disrupted, the information related to the first and second CPV arrays is stored in a queue for subsequent transmission to the central backend management system. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein the information related to the first CPV array is distinguishable from the information related to the second CPV array based on uniquely assigned media access control (MAC) address associated with each of their corresponding SPCs. 19. A computer-readable media that stores instructions, which when executed by a machine, cause the machine to perform operations comprising: establishing a secured connection over an Internet using Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure (HTTPS) to communicatively connect a first system control point (SCP) with a central backend management system, the first SCP associated with a first concentrated photovoltaic (CPV) array of a plurality of CPV arrays in a solar site; collecting information related to the first CPV array, the information including one or more of performance information of a string of CPV cells supplying DC power in the first CPV array, current to voltage (IV) curves associated with the first CPV array, configuration information of the string in the first CPV array, direct normal irradiation (DNI) information for the first CPV array, streaming video captured by a camera associated with the first CPV array, weather information where the first CPV array is located, tracking information of the angular coordinates of the first CPV array, and position information of the CPV array at the solar site as generated by the GPS circuitry; and transmitting the information related to the first CPV array to the central backend management system using the secured connection. 20. The computer-readable media of claim 19, further comprising aggregating the information related to the first CPV array and information related to other CPV arrays at the solar site prior to said transmitting to the central backend management system, wherein the information related to the first CPV array is stored in a buffer of the first SCP until an acknowledgement message is received from the central backend management system, wherein the secured connection is persistent, and wherein the first SCP is configured to keep the secured connection open by periodically transmitting heartbeat outbound messages to the central backend management system. 