According to the invention, a system for generating electricity from wind is disclosed. The system may include a vertical mounting pole, a generator, a first vertical axis wind turbine ("VAWT"), and a second VAWT. The generator may include a rotor, stator, and frame, fixedly coupled with the stator, and rotatably coupled with the vertical mounting pole such that the generator can rotate around a substantially vertical axis. The first VAWT may be fixedly coupled with the frame and configured to rotate in a first rotational direction around the vertical axis, and at least partially about the vertical mounting pole, when a wind is received. The second VAWT may be fixedly coupled with the rotor and configured to rotate in a second rotational direction around the vertical axis, and at least partially about the generator, when the wind is received, where the second rotational direction is opposite the first rotational direction.
Claims 1. A system for generating electricity from wind, wherein the system comprises: a vertical mounting pole; a generator, wherein: the generator comprises: a rotor; a stator; and a frame fixedly coupled with the stator; and the frame is rotatably coupled with the vertical mounting pole such that the generator can rotate around a substantially vertical axis; a first vertical axis wind turbine fixedly coupled with the frame, wherein the first vertical axis wind turbine is configured to rotate in a first rotational direction around the substantially vertical axis, and at least partially about the vertical mounting pole, when a wind is received by the first vertical axis wind turbine; and a second vertical axis wind turbine fixedly coupled with the rotor, wherein the second vertical axis wind turbine is configured to rotate in a second rotational direction around the substantially vertical axis, and at least partially about the generator, when the wind is received by the second vertical axis wind turbine, and wherein the second rotational direction is opposite that of the first rotational direction. 2. The system for generating electricity from wind of claim 1, wherein the first vertical axis wind turbine coupled with the frame and the second vertical axis wind turbine fixedly coupled with the rotor comprises: the first vertical axis wind turbine coupled with a first side of the generator; and the second vertical axis wind turbine coupled with a second side of the generator, wherein the first side is opposite the second side 3. The system for generating electricity from wind of claim 1, wherein the vertical mounting pole is coupled with a surface at a bottom portion of the mounting pole, and the frame being rotatably coupled with the vertical mounting pole comprises the vertical mounting pole being coupled with the generator at a top portion of the vertical mounting pole. 4. The system for generating electricity from wind of claim 1, wherein the vertical mounting pole is coupled with a support member at a top portion of the mounting pole, and the frame being rotatably coupled with the vertical mounting pole comprises the vertical mounting pole being coupled with the generator at a bottom portion of the vertical mounting pole. 5. The system for generating electricity from wind of claim 4, wherein the support member is movably coupled with a vertical support element such that the support member moves along a length of the vertical support element. 6. The system for generating electricity from wind of claim 5, wherein the system further comprises a plurality of photovoltaic modules coupled with the support member such that the photovoltaic modules surround a horizontal cross-section of the vertical support element when the support member moves along the length of the vertical support element. 7. The system for generating electricity from wind of claim 6, wherein the support member being movably coupled with the vertical support element comprises the support member being rotatable around the substantially vertical axis. 8. The system for generating electricity from wind of claim 1, wherein the frame being rotatably coupled with the vertical mounting pole comprises the frame coupled with a bearing, and the bearing coupled with the vertical mounting pole. 9. The system for generating electricity from wind of claim 8, wherein: the frame coupled with the bearing comprises the frame coupled with a first chassis, and the first chassis coupled with the bearing; the bearing coupled with the vertical mounting pole comprises the bearing coupled with a second chassis, and the second chassis coupled with the vertical mounting pole. 10. The system for generating electricity from wind of claim 9, wherein the system further comprises a slip ring at an interface of the first chassis and the second chassis, wherein the slip ring is configured to transmit electricity between the generator as it rotates and a conductor in the vertical mounting pole, wherein the conductor in the vertical mounting pole is stationary. 11. The system for generating electricity from wind of claim 1, wherein a ratio of a total height of the first vertical axis wind turbine to a total height of the second vertical axis wind turbine is substantially 4:3. 12. The system for generating electricity from wind of claim 1, wherein a ratio of a total diameter of the first vertical axis wind turbine to a total height of the first vertical axis wind turbine is substantially 7:8. 13. The system for generating electricity from wind of claim 1, wherein a ratio of a total diameter of the second vertical axis wind turbine to a total height of the first vertical axis wind turbine is substantially 7:6. 14. A system for generating electricity from fluid flow, wherein the system comprises: a first means for generating electricity from an input of a first rotational motion, wherein the first means is rotated by a second rotational motion; a second means for converting at least a portion of energy from a fluid flow into a first rotational motion having a first rotational direction; a third means for converting at least a portion of energy from the fluid flow into a second rotational motion having a second rotational direction opposite the first rotational direction; a fourth means for transmitting the first rotational motion to the first means; and a fifth means for transmitting the second rotational motion to the first means. 15. The system for generating electricity from fluid flow of claim 14, wherein the first means comprises a generator. 16. The system for generating electricity from fluid flow of claim 14, wherein: the second means comprises a vertical axis wind turbine having vanes in a first direction; and the third means comprises a vertical axis wind turbine having vanes in a second direction opposite the first direction. 17. The system for generating electricity from fluid flow of claim 14, wherein: the fourth means comprises a mechanical transmission system; and the fifth means comprises a mechanical transmission system. 18. The system for generating electricity from fluid flow of claim 14, further comprising a sixth means for rotatably coupling the first means with a surface. 19. The system for generating electricity from fluid flow of claim 18, wherein the sixth means comprise a vertical mounting pole. 20. A method for generating electricity from fluid flow, wherein the method comprises: receiving a fluid flow with a first vertical axis wind turbine and a second vertical axis wind turbine; converting energy from the fluid flow into a first rotational motion with the first vertical axis wind turbine; converting energy from the fluid flow into a second rotational motion with the second vertical axis wind turbine, wherein the second rotational motion is in an opposite direction of the first rotational motion; and receiving, with a generator, the first rotational motion from a first side of the generator, and the second rotational motion from a second side of the generator, the first side opposite the second side. 