Apparatus and methods for testing the thermal endurance of a glass substrate of a photovoltaic module are provided. The apparatus generally includes, in one embodiment, a testing chamber defining an interior space having an interior atmosphere. A refrigeration unit is operably positioned with the testing chamber to control the interior atmosphere's temperature. A mounting system is positioned within the interior space of the testing chamber and configured to hold the photovoltaic module while exposing the glass substrate of the photovoltaic module. An edge cooling system is positioned in relation to the mounting system such that the photovoltaic module held by the mounting system has a first side edge in contact with the edge cooling system. A light system is also positioned within the interior space of the testing chamber to illuminate the glass substrate of the photovoltaic module.
Claims 1. An apparatus for testing the thermal endurance of a glass substrate of a photovoltaic module, comprising: a testing chamber defining an interior space having an interior atmosphere; a refrigeration unit operably positioned with the testing chamber to control the interior atmosphere's temperature; a mounting system positioned within the interior space of the testing chamber and configured to hold the photovoltaic module while exposing the glass substrate of the photovoltaic module; an edge cooling system positioned in relation to the mounting system such that the photovoltaic module held by the mounting system has a first side edge in contact with the edge cooling system; and, a light system positioned within the interior space of the testing chamber to illuminate at least a portion of the glass substrate of the photovoltaic module. 2. The apparatus as in claim 1, wherein the edge cooling system comprises a water trough positioned such that the side edge of the photovoltaic module is submerged in water. 3. The apparatus as in claim 2, further comprising: a water circulation system comprising a water pump operably connected to the water trough and configured to circulate water through the water trough. 4. The apparatus as in claim 1, wherein the light system comprises a light source contained within a light housing, and wherein the light housing defines a housing atmosphere that is substantially isolated from the interior atmosphere of the testing chamber. 5. The apparatus as in claim 4, further comprising: a ventilation port in fluid communication with the light housing and configured to vent the housing atmosphere outside the testing chamber. 6. The apparatus as in claim 5, further comprising: an intake port in fluid communication with the light housing; and, a ventilation fan in fluid communication with the light housing and configured to circulate air from the intake port, through the light housing, and out the ventilation port. 7. The apparatus as in claim 6, wherein the light system comprises a bank of light sources, each light source being housed within a light housing an operably connected to the ventilation fan. 8. The apparatus as in claim 1, wherein the mounting system comprises a frame assembly and a clip, wherein the clip removably secures the photovoltaic module to the frame assembly along a second side edge that is opposite of the first side edge. 9. The apparatus as in claim 1, further comprising: a computing device configured to adjust the temperature of the interior atmosphere of the testing chamber and to control light/dark cycles of the light system. 10. A method for testing the thermal endurance of a glass substrate of a photovoltaic module, the method comprising: placing the photovoltaic module within a testing chamber, wherein the testing chamber defines an interior space having an interior atmosphere; reducing the interior atmosphere's temperature within the testing chamber to an initial temperature having a range of about -25.degree. C. to about 0.degree. C.; submerging an edge of the photovoltaic module in water; and, illuminating the glass substrate of the photovoltaic module using a lighting system. 11. The method as in claim 10, wherein upon illuminating the glass substrate of the photovoltaic module, the interior atmosphere's temperature rises to a target temperature from the initial temperature. 12. The method as in claim 11, wherein the target temperature is about 0.degree. C. to about 25.degree. C. 13. The method as in claim 11, further comprising: upon reaching the target temperature, turning the lighting system off. 14. The method as in claim 13, further comprising: upon turning the lighting system off, reducing the interior atmosphere's temperature back to the initial temperature to complete a testing cycle. 15. The method as in claim 14, further comprising: repeating testing cycle a desired number of times to test the photovoltaic module. 16. The method as in claim 10, wherein the water has a water temperature of about 0.degree. C. to about 10.degree. C. 17. The method as in claim 16, further comprising: circulating water through a trough and pump system to the water temperature substantially stable. 18. The method as in claim 10, wherein the light system comprises a light source contained within a light housing, and wherein the light housing defines a housing atmosphere that is substantially isolated from the interior atmosphere of the testing chamber. 19. The method as in claim 18, further comprising: venting the housing atmosphere outside the testing chamber. 20. The method as in claim 19, wherein the light system further comprises a ventilation port, an intake port, and a ventilation fan in fluid communication with the light housing and configured to circulate air from the intake port, through the light housing, and out the ventilation port. 