A method of connecting a photovoltaic device to an AC power grid through an inverter includes monitoring a DC voltage at an input of an inverter, and activating the inverter when the monitored DC voltage exceeds a first predetermined threshold. The method further includes synchronizing an output voltage of the inverter with a grid voltage, connecting an output of the inverter to the AC power grid upon synchronization if the monitored DC voltage exceeds a second predetermined threshold, and deactivating the inverter if a detected power being fed through the inverter falls below a predetermined power threshold while maintaining the connection between the output of the inverter and the AC power grid. Lastly, the method includes disconnecting the output of the deactivated inverter from the grid if the monitored DC voltage falls below a third predetermined threshold. Further, an apparatus that performs such functionality is also provided.
Claims 1. A method of connecting a photovoltaic device to an AC power grid through an inverter, comprising: monitoring a DC voltage at an input of an inverter; activating the inverter when the monitored DC voltage exceeds a first predetermined threshold; synchronizing an output voltage of the inverter with a grid voltage; connecting an output of the inverter to the AC power grid upon synchronization if the monitored DC voltage exceeds a second predetermined threshold; deactivating the inverter if a detected power being fed through the inverter falls below a predetermined power threshold while maintaining the connection between the output of the inverter and the AC power grid; and disconnecting the output of the deactivated inverter from the grid if the monitored DC voltage falls below a third predetermined threshold. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the first predetermined threshold comprises a minimum connection attempt voltage. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the second predetermined threshold comprises a minimum connection continuation voltage. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein the third predetermined threshold comprises a maximum shut down voltage. 5. The method of claim 4, wherein the maximum shut down voltage comprises a peak value of the AC grid voltage plus a safety margin. 6. The method of claim 5, wherein the safety margin comprises an amount in the range of 1% to 10% of the peak value of the AC grid voltage. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein the predetermined power threshold corresponds to a minimum DC feeding voltage from the photovoltaic device into the inverter. 8. The method of claim 7, wherein the minimum DC feeding voltage is greater than the third predetermined threshold. 9. The method of claim 1, further comprising deactivating the inverter during an attempted synchronization of the inverter output voltage and the AC grid voltage if the monitored DC voltage falls below the second predetermined threshold. 10. The method of claim 1, further comprising waiting a first predetermined period of time before attempting to reactivate the inverter upon a deactivation of the inverter. 11. The method of claim 1, further comprising waiting a second predetermined period of time before attempting to re-connect the inverter to the AC power grid upon a disconnection thereof. 12. The method of claim 1, wherein disconnecting the inverter from the AC power grid is performed with at least one motor-driven line safety switch. 13. An apparatus for connecting a photovoltaic device to an AC power grid, comprising: an inverter configured to receive a DC voltage at an input and generate an AC voltage at an output; and a controller configured to activate the inverter if the DC voltage at the inverter input exceeds a first predetermined threshold; wherein the controller is further configured to synchronize an AC output voltage of the inverter with an AC voltage of the power grid after the inverter is activated, and further configured to connect the inverter output to the AC power grid upon synchronization if the DC voltage at the inverter input exceeds a second predetermined threshold, wherein the controller is configured to deactivate the inverter if a detected power being fed through the inverter falls below a predetermined power threshold while maintaining the connection between the output of the inverter and the AC power grid; and wherein the controller is configured to disconnect the output of the inverter from the AC power grid if the DC voltage falls below a third predetermined threshold. 14. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein the first predetermined threshold comprises a minimum connection attempt voltage. 15. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein the second predetermined threshold comprises a minimum connection continuation voltage. 16. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein the third predetermined threshold comprises a maximum shut down voltage. 17. The apparatus of claim 16, wherein the maximum shut down voltage comprises a peak value of the AC grid voltage plus a safety margin. 18. The apparatus of claim 17, wherein the safety margin comprises an amount in the range of 1% to 10% of the peak value of the AC grid voltage. 19. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein the predetermined power threshold corresponds to a minimum DC feeding voltage from the photovoltaic device into the inverter. 20. The apparatus of claim 19, wherein the minimum DC feeding voltage is greater than the third predetermined threshold. 21. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein the controller is further configured to deactivate the inverter during an attempted synchronization of the inverter output voltage and the AC grid voltage if the monitored DC voltage falls below the second predetermined threshold. 22. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein the controller is configured to wait a first predetermined period of time before attempting to reactivate the inverter upon a deactivation of the inverter. 23. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein the controller is configured to wait a second predetermined period of time before attempting to re-connect the inverter to the AC power grid upon a disconnection thereof. 24. The apparatus of claim 13, further comprising at least one motor-driven line safety switch configured to disconnect the output of the inverter from the AC power grid, wherein the at least one motor-driven line safety switch is controlled by the controller. 