A solar cell assembly includes a light concentrator attached to one face of a solar cell. The solar cell is attached to an electrical connector having an insulating substrate, a first electrically conductive terminal including a flat plate portion mounted to the insulating substrate, and a second electrically conductive terminal mounted to the insulating substrate. The second terminal has a U-shaped plate portion that partially circumscribes the first terminal, including opposing first and second legs and a web interconnecting the first and second legs. Each leg includes a flexibly resilient wing, the two wings being disposed in opposing relationship. The solar cell is interposed between the first terminal and the wings of the second terminal such that the first terminal abuts one face of the solar cell and the wings of the second terminal abut exposed, spaced apart, opposing perimeter areas of the other face of the solar cell, with the wings resiliently coupling the solar cell to the first and second terminals.
Claims 1. An electrical connector for mounting a solar cell having first and second opposing faces, the connector comprising: an insulating substrate; a first electrically conductive terminal including a flat plate portion mounted to the insulating substrate; a second electrically conductive terminal mounted to the insulating substrate, the second terminal comprising a U-shaped plate portion that partially circumscribes the first terminal, the U-shaped portion having opposing first and second legs and a web interconnecting the first and second legs, wherein each leg includes a flexibly resilient wing, the two wings being disposed in opposing relationship so as to provide a resilient coupling member when a solar cell is interposed between the first terminal and the wings of the second terminal such that the first face of the solar cell abuts the first terminal and a portion of the second face of the solar cell abuts the wings of the second terminal. 2. A connector according to claim 1, wherein the first conductive terminal includes flat-domed projections extending from the flat plate portion. 3. A connector according to claim 1, wherein the first and second terminals are adhesively bonded to the insulating substrate. 4. A connector according to claim 1, wherein the insulating substrate is a slab of mica. 5. A connector according to claim 1, wherein each wing has two bends therein to form a staircase pattern, the staircase pattern having a distal lip that is disposed in a different plane than the flat plate portion of the first terminal. 6. A connector according to claim 1, wherein each wing has a single bend therein to form a distal lip that is disposed in a different plane than the flat plate portion of the first terminal. 7. A connector according to claim 1, wherein each wing is formed as a straight extension of the corresponding first or second leg, the wing having a distal lip that is disposed in a different plane than the flat plate portion of the first terminal when the solar cell is mounted in the connector. 8. A connector according to claims 5, wherein the distance between an uppermost surface of the first terminal and the lip is less than the thickness of the solar cell. 9. A connector according to claim 1, wherein each of the first and second terminals includes at least one tab for crimping onto a wire. 10. A solar cell assembly, comprising: a solar cell having first and second opposing faces; a light concentrator attached to the second face of the solar cell, said second face having at least two exposed, opposing, spaced-apart perimeter areas; an electrical connector comprising an insulating substrate, a first electrically conductive terminal including a flat plate portion mounted to the insulating substrate, and a second electrically conductive terminal mounted to the insulating substrate, the second terminal comprising a U-shaped plate portion that partially circumscribes the first terminal, the U-shaped portion having opposing first and second legs and a web interconnecting the first and second legs, wherein each leg includes a flexibly resilient wing, the two wings being disposed in opposing relationship; wherein the solar cell is interposed between the first terminal and the wings of the second terminal such that the first terminal abuts the solar cell first face and the wings of the second terminal abut the exposed opposing perimeter areas of the solar cell second face, said wings resiliently coupling the solar cell to the first and second terminals. 11. A solar cell assembly according to claim 10, including: wires electrically connected to the first and second terminals; a grommet connected to the wires; a receiver housing having a pan for seating the light concentrator and electrical connector, the pan having an aperture therein for the passage of the wires therethrough, the grommet being shaped to seal the aperture. 12. A solar cell assembly according to claim 11, including a heat sink mounted to the receiver housing, the heat sink including a plurality of heat radiating fins. 13. A solar cell assembly according to claim 11, wherein the first conductive terminal includes flat-domed projections extending from the flat plate portion. 14. A solar cell assembly according to claim 11, wherein the first and second terminals are adhesively bonded to the insulating substrate. 15. A solar cell assembly according to claim 11, wherein the insulating substrate is a slab of mica. 16. A solar cell assembly according to claim 11, wherein each wing is formed according to one of the following: (a) each wing has two bends therein to form a staircase pattern, the staircase pattern having a distal lip that is disposed in a different plane than the flat plate portion of the first terminal; (b) each wing has a single bend therein to form a distal lip that is disposed in a different plane than the flat plate portion of the first terminal; or (c) each wing is formed as a straight extension of the corresponding first or second leg, the wing having a distal lip that is disposed in a different plane than the flat plate portion of the first terminal when the solar cell is mounted in the connector. 17. A solar cell assembly according to claim 16, where the distance between an uppermost surface of the first terminal and the lip is less than the thickness of the solar cell. 18. A solar cell assembly according to claim 11, wherein each of the first and second terminals includes at least one tab for crimping onto one of the wires. 19. A connector according to claim 6, wherein the distance between an uppermost surface of the first terminal and the lip is less than the thickness of the solar cell. 20. A connector according to claim 7, wherein the distance between an uppermost surface of the first terminal and the lip is less than the thickness of the solar cell. 