Disclosed is a microgenerator device adapted to retrofit into an existing utility power grid and provide a local means of power generation in remote locations, a relay communication means and a charging station for an electric car. Further disclosed is a method of use, wherein an electrical microgenerator is utilized to locally contribute power to an electrical grid, store power locally and supply users in remote areas with a means of communication and local power access. The microgenerator device comprises a direct current power generator assembly having a vertical axis wind turbine, a photovoltaic array, a micro-inverter, a telephonic communications relay capability, and energy storage unit, wherein the assembly is connectable to an existing power grid and utility pole. The device provides supplemental power to the grid, provides local power access and storage, while also providing a means of communication in remote locations.
Claims 1) A remote electrical power generating, storing and access device, comprising: a microgenerator assembly having a vertical axis wind turbine, a solar cell, a micro-inverter, and a conduit for transmitting electricity; said wind turbine comprising at least one contoured blade driven by wind power, wherein said blade is mounted to a driveshaft turning an electrical generator for generating direct current electricity; said solar cell generating direct current electricity via light; said micro-inverter adapted to accept said generator or said solar cell direct current and transform it into alternating current; said assembly being mountable to a electrical utility pole; said storage unit being capable of feeding power directly into a utility grid, or alternatively provide a local means of distributing power. 2) The device of claim 1, further comprising: an electrical energy storage unit for storing said direct current from said wind turbine and/or said solar cell; said local means of distributing power comprising an electrical receptacle or electrical connector from said storage unit. 3) The device of claim 2, wherein said electrical energy storage unit comprises a housing having one or a plurality of batteries for storing energy. 4) The device of claim 1, wherein said microgenerator further comprises: a telephonic connectivity means between successively installed microgenerators for relaying voice communication from a first microgenerator a remote location to a receiver. 5) The device of claim 4, wherein said telephonic connectivity means further comprises a cellular transceiver that transmits voice signals wirelessly between microgenerators. 6) The device of claim 4, wherein said telephonic connectivity means further comprises a telephone interface for a user to speak into and listen from. 7) The device of claim 4, wherein said telephonic connectivity means further comprises a means to accept and transmit short distance cellular signals from a user handheld device. 8) A method of generating, storing and providing access to electrical power in remote locations, comprising the steps of: mounting a microgenerator assembly having a wind turbine and solar cell to one or a plurality of electrical utility poles; positioning an energy storage means at a base of at least one utility pole for storing electricity from said utility pole grid power and/or said microgenerator; providing a means to access said storage means for local access to electricity. 9) The method of claim 8, further comprising the steps of: providing a means of telephonic communications between said microgenerator assemblies to allow voice communication therethrough. 10) The method of claim 9, further comprising the steps of: establishing said telephonic communication between a user and a utility company or emergency services. 