This invention relates to photovoltaic modules and arrays, methods of assembling photovoltaic arrays, and methods for shipping components of photovoltaic arrays.
Claims 1. A method for shipping folding mounts for photovoltaic modules, the method comprising: nesting a first folding mount comprising a top side and a bottom side adjacent to a second folding mount comprising a top side and a bottom side, wherein the bottom side of the first folding mount is adjacent to the bottom side of the second folding mount. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the first folding mount comprises: a first beam; a second beam substantially parallel to the first beam; a first rail pivotally connected to the first beam and pivotally connected to the second beam; and a second rail pivotally connected to the first beam and pivotally connected to the second beam, wherein the first beam can be moved toward the second beam by moving the first and second rails from a perpendicular orientation relative to the first and second beams to an oblique orientation relative to the first and second beams. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the second folding mount comprises: a first beam; a second beam substantially parallel to the first beam; a first rail pivotally connected to the first beam and pivotally connected to the second beam; and a second rail pivotally connected to the first beam and pivotally connected to the second beam, wherein the first beam can be moved toward the second beam by moving the first and second rails from a perpendicular orientation relative to the first and second beams to an oblique orientation relative to the first and second beams. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein nesting a first folding mount adjacent to a second folding mount forms a first nested pair of folding mounts, and wherein the first and second rails of the first folding mount are arranged in an oblique orientation relative to the first and second beams of the first folding mount, and wherein the first and second rails of the second folding mount are arranged in an oblique orientation relative to the first and second beams of the second folding mount. 5. The method of claim 4, further comprising stacking a first nested pair of folding mounts adjacent to a second nested pair of folding mounts to form a nested group of folding mounts within a shipping container. 6. The method of claim 5, further comprising loading the shipping container onto a vehicle suitable for transporting the shipping container to a job site. 7. A folding mount for photovoltaic modules, the folding mount comprising: a first beam; a second beam substantially parallel to the first beam; a first rail pivotally connected to the first beam and pivotally connected to the second beam; and a second rail pivotally connected to the first beam and pivotally connected to the second beam, wherein the first beam can be moved toward the second beam by moving the first and second rails from a perpendicular orientation relative to the first and second beams to an oblique orientation relative to the first and second beams. 8. The folding mount of claim 7, wherein the first rail is pivotally connected to the first beam by a fastener. 9. The folding mount of claim 8, wherein the fastener comprises a self-tightening pivoting connection, and whereby moving the first rail from an oblique orientation relative to the first beam to a perpendicular orientation relative to the first beam causes the pivoting connection to tighten. 10. The folding mount of claim 9, wherein the self-tightening pivoting connection comprises a screw and a nut threaded onto the screw, whereby moving the first rail from an oblique orientation relative to the first beam to a perpendicular orientation relative to the first beam causes the nut to thread farther onto the screw. 11. The folding mount of claim 8, wherein the fastener provides snap assembly of the first rail to the first beam. 12. The folding mount of claim 7, wherein the first beam is rolled steel. 13. The folding mount of claim 7, wherein the first rail is rolled steel. 14. A method for assembling a photovoltaic array, the method comprising: fastening a first beam of a folding mount to a first mounting bracket; and fastening the first beam of the folding mount to a second mounting bracket. 15. The method of claim 14, further comprising: fastening a second beam of a folding mount to the first mounting bracket; and fastening the second beam of the folding mount to the second mounting bracket. 16. The method of claim 14, further comprising: inserting a first upright member into the ground; inserting a second upright member into the ground, wherein the second upright member is substantially parallel to the first upright member and is substantially perpendicular to a ground plane; fastening the first mounting bracket to an exposed end of the first upright member; and fastening the second mounting bracket to an exposed end of the second upright member. 17. The method of claim 14, wherein the first mounting bracket comprises a top surface; a bottom surface; and a slotted hole extending from the top surface to the bottom surface. 18. The method of claim 14, wherein the second mounting bracket comprises a top surface; a bottom surface; and a slotted hole extending from the top surface to the bottom surface. 19. The method of claim 17, wherein the folding mount is fastened to the first mounting bracket by inserting a fastener through the slotted hole from the bottom surface toward the top surface. 20. The method of claim 18, wherein the folding mount is fastened to the second mounting bracket by inserting a fastener through the slotted hole from the bottom surface toward the top surface. 21. The method of claim 15, further comprising mounting a rear surface of a photovoltaic module adjacent to a first rail and a second rail of the folding mount. 22. The method of claim 21, wherein the photovoltaic module is secured to the first and second rails with a plurality of fasteners. 23. The method of claim 22, wherein the plurality of fasteners include tamper proof fasteners. 