The invention relates to managing performance of solar devices throughout a manufacturing process with multiple manufacturing steps. A method includes determining a plurality of key performance indicators for a solar device, determining a change behavior of each individual key performance indicator throughout manufacturing process steps, using a theoretical performance maximum of the solar device, comparing real performance of the solar device to the theoretical performance maximum, where the real performance is determined by key performance indicator changes throughout the entire manufacturing process resulting in a key performance indicator sensitivity matrix reflecting ultimate solar device performance, using the key performance indicator sensitivity matrix to improve each relevant manufacturing process step by modeling current manufacturing conditions to improve the key performance indicator, adapting the model in experimental manufacturing environment to match sensitivity curves between model and experiment, and using the model to calculate the performance of the solar devices.
Claims 1. A method for managing a performance of solar devices throughout an end-to-end manufacturing process with multiple manufacturing process steps, the method comprising the steps of: determining a plurality of key performance indicators for a solar device; determining a change behavior of each individual key performance indicator throughout manufacturing process steps of a manufacturing process; using a theoretical performance maximum of the solar device; comparing real performance of the solar device to the theoretical performance maximum, wherein the real performance is determined by key performance indicator changes throughout the entire manufacturing process resulting in a key performance indicator sensitivity matrix reflecting the ultimate solar device performance; using the key performance indicator sensitivity matrix to improve each relevant manufacturing process step by modeling current manufacturing conditions to improve one or more of the key performance indicators; adapting the model in an experimental manufacturing environment to match sensitivity curves between model and experiment; and using the model to calculate performance of the solar devices. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising one or more of adjusting the manufacturing process and a choice of raw material to achieve a desired performance of the solar devices. 3. The method of claim 1, further comprising using the model for solar device manufacturing to maximize performance of the solar devices for a given raw material. 4. The method of claim 1, further comprising monitoring the key performance indicators throughout a manufacturing process of a solar device and detecting problems in the manufacturing process by identifying deviations of the monitored key performance indicators from key performance indicators according to the model. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein at least one of the key performance indicators comprises one of front surface velocity, carrier lifetime, rear surface velocity, external front reflection, n-doping, p-doping and wafer thickness. 6. The method of claim 1, whereby the step of comparing the real performance of the solar device to the theoretical performance maximum, wherein the real performance is determined by key performance indicator changes throughout the entire manufacturing process resulting in a key performance indicator sensitivity matrix reflecting the ultimate solar device performance comprises identifying manufacturing process steps having a most significant impact on performance and modeling of the entire manufacturing process based on the manufacturing process steps of the manufacturing process. 7. The method of claim 1, whereby the step of determining a change behavior of each individual key performance indicator throughout manufacturing process steps comprises identifying key performance indicators having a biggest impact on the performance and selecting the key performance indicators having a biggest impact for further application of the method. 8. The method of claim 1, whereby the step of determining a plurality of key performance indicators for solar devices comprises determining key performance indicators for one or more of raw wafers, solar cells, solar modules, and solar installations. 9. The method of claim 8, further comprising binning one or more of raw wafer, solar cells, and solar modules according to key performance indicators of the raw wafer, the solar cells, and the solar modules. 10. The method of claim 1, further comprising providing an ID to a manufactured solar device and tracking performance of the solar device throughout a manufacturing process of the manufactured solar device. 11. A computer program product for managing a performance of solar devices throughout an end-to-end manufacturing process with multiple manufacturing process steps, the computer program product comprising a computer readable storage medium having computer readable program code embodied therein, the computer readable program code configured to: determining a plurality of key performance indicators for a solar device; determining a change behavior of each individual key performance indicator throughout manufacturing process steps of a manufacturing process; using a theoretical performance maximum of the solar device; comparing real performance of the solar device to the theoretical performance maximum, wherein the real performance is determined by key performance indicator changes throughout the entire manufacturing process resulting in a key performance indicator sensitivity matrix reflecting the ultimate solar device performance; using the key performance indicator sensitivity matrix to improve each relevant manufacturing process step by modeling current manufacturing conditions to improve one or more of the key performance indicators; adapting the model in an experimental manufacturing environment to match sensitivity curves between model and experiment; and using the model to calculate performance of the solar devices. 12. The computer program product of claim 11, further comprising one or more of adjusting the manufacturing process and a choice of raw material to achieve a desired performance of the solar devices. 13. The computer program product of claim 11, further comprising using the model for solar device manufacturing to maximize performance of the solar devices for a given raw material. 14. The computer program product of claim 11, further comprising monitoring the key performance indicators throughout a manufacturing process of a solar device and detecting problems in the manufacturing process by identifying deviations of the monitored key performance indicators from key performance indicators according to the model. 15. The computer program product of claim 11, wherein at least one of the key performance indicators comprises one of front surface velocity, carrier lifetime, rear surface velocity, external front reflection, n-doping, p-doping and wafer thickness. 16. The computer program product of claim 11, whereby the step of comparing the real performance of the solar device to the theoretical performance maximum, wherein the real performance is determined by key performance indicator changes throughout the entire manufacturing process resulting in a key performance indicator sensitivity matrix reflecting the ultimate solar device performance comprises identifying manufacturing process steps having a most significant impact on performance and modeling of the entire manufacturing process based on the manufacturing process steps of the manufacturing process. 17. The computer program product of claim 11, whereby the step of determining a change behavior of each individual key performance indicator throughout manufacturing process steps comprises identifying key performance indicators having a biggest impact on the performance and selecting the key performance indicators having a biggest impact for further application of the method. 18. A system for managing a performance of solar devices throughout an end-to-end manufacturing process with multiple manufacturing process steps, the system comprising: a storage device for storing computer usable program code; and a processor for executing the computer usable program code, the computer usable program code comprising determining a plurality of key performance indicators for a solar device; determining a change behavior of each individual key performance indicator throughout manufacturing process steps of a manufacturing process; using a theoretical performance maximum of the solar device; comparing real performance of the solar device to the theoretical performance maximum, wherein the real performance is determined by key performance indicator changes throughout the entire manufacturing process resulting in a key performance indicator sensitivity matrix reflecting the ultimate solar device performance; using the key performance indicator sensitivity matrix to improve each relevant manufacturing process step by modeling current manufacturing conditions to improve one or more of the key performance indicators; adapting the model in an experimental manufacturing environment to match sensitivity curves between model and experiment; and using the model to calculate performance of the solar devices. 19. The system of claim 18, further comprising a computer comprising the storage device and the processor. 20. The system of claim 18, further comprising manufacturing equipment controlled by the computer, the manufacturing process implementing the manufacturing steps of the manufacturing process. 