An apparatus 20 for biological or chemical reactions, in particular PCR, includes a heat removal module 22 adapted to receive snugly a reaction vessel 24 in such a manner as to create good thermal conductivity contact between the module and the vessel. The heat removal module 22 is formed of a thermally conductive material having therein a channel 64 adapted for the flow of a coolant liquid. The heat removal module 22 is constructed with an array of receiving stations 62 for the reception of a corresponding array of reaction vessels 24.
Claims 1. An apparatus for biological or chemical reactions, which comprises: a heat removal module adapted to receive a reaction vessel in such a manner as to create thermal conductivity contact between the heat removal module and the reaction vessel; the heat removal module being formed of a thermally conductive material; and a channel formed in the heat removal module and adapted for the flow of a coolant liquid. 2. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1, wherein the coolant liquid is water. 3. The apparatus as set forth in claim 2, wherein the water is deionized water with an antioxidant addition. 4. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1, which further comprises: The heat removal module formed with a receiving station for receipt therein of the reaction vessel. 5. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1, which further comprises: the heat removal module formed with a plurality of receiving stations in a prescribed array for receipt therein of a plurality of reaction vessels. 6. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1, which further comprises: an entry port formed at a first location of the heat removal module; an exit port formed at a second location of the heat removal module spaced from the first location; and the channel extending between the entry port and the exit port in a serpentine path. 7. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1, which further comprises: the heat removal module formed as a unitary structure of the thermally conductive material. 8. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1, which further comprises: the heat removal module formed with a plurality of receiving stations for receipt therein of reaction vessels; and the channel being formed in a labyrinth configuration with each of a plurality of spaced portions thereof being located adjacent at least a portion of a respective one of the plurality of receiving stations such that the coolant liquid flows adjacent the at least a portion of each of the plurality of receiving stations, and any reaction vessel which may be located in the respective one of the plurality of receiving stations. 9. The apparatus as set forth in claim 8, which further comprises: the labyrinth configuration of the channel being arranged so that the coolant liquid flows adjacent at least two spaced portions of at least one receiving station of the plurality of receiving stations, and two spaced portions of any reaction vessel which may be located in the at least one receiving station. 10. The apparatus as set forth in claim 7, which further comprises: the unitary structure of the heat removal module formed as a single block of the thermally conductive material. 11. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1, which further comprises: the heat removal module being formed as a unitary structure comprising: a first mating plate formed of a thermal conductive material and having a first interfacing surface; a second mating plate formed of a thermal conductive material and having a second interfacing surface; and the first interfacing surface being in facing engagement with the second interfacing surface; and the channel being formed in a labyrinth configuration in at least one of the first mating plate and the second mating plate. 12. The apparatus as set forth in claim 11, which further comprises: a first portion of the channel formed in the first interfacing surface; a second portion of the channel formed in the second interfacing surface; and the first portion of the channel and the second portion of the channel being located in the first mating plate and the second mating plate, respectively, such that the channel is formed when the first interfacing surface is in facing engagement with the second interfacing surface. 13. The apparatus as set forth in claim 11, which further comprises: a sealant located between the first interfacing surface and the second interfacing surface. 14. The apparatus as set forth in claim 8, which further comprises: a plurality of flow passages formed through the heat removal module to facilitate the forming of the channel. 15. The apparatus as set forth in claim 14, which further comprises: each flow passage of the plurality of flow passages having at least one port located in an outer surface of the heat removal module; and a stopper located in the at least one port to preclude the flow passage from communication with the environment externally of the at least one port. 16. The apparatus as set forth in claim 14, which further comprises: each flow passage of the plurality of flow passages formed through the heat removal module from a first side surface thereof to a second side surface thereof opposite the first side surface; each flow passage of the plurality of flow passages having a first port coincidental with the first side surface of the heat removal module, and a second port coincidental with the second side surface of the heat removal module; and each flow passage of the heat removal module having a stopper located in the first port and a stopper located in the second port to preclude the flow passage from communication with the environment externally of the heat removal module. 17. The apparatus as set forth in claim 8, which further comprises: the heat removal module being formed as a single block. 18. The apparatus as set forth in claim 8, which further comprises: the heat removal module being formed by: a first mating plate; and a second mating plate in interfacing engagement with the first mating plate. 19. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1, which further comprises: a first flow passage formed in the heat removal module and being located in a prescribed plane; a second flow passage formed in the heat removal module and being located in the prescribed plane; the first flow passage arranged to intersect with the second flow passage to normally provide communication therebetween; and a flow stopper located in the first flow passage to separate the first flow passage into a communicating portion thereof, which is in communication with the second flow passage, and a non-communicating portion, which is precluded from communication with the second flow passage. 20. The apparatus as set forth in claim 19, which further comprises: the second flow passage and the communicating portion of the first flow passage forming a portion of the channel, whereby the coolant liquid flows only in the second flow passage and in the communicating portion of the first flow passage. 21. The apparatus as set forth in claim 19, which further comprises: a stopper passage formed in the heat removal module having an inboard end angularly intersecting the first flow passage; and the flow stopper located within the stopper passage with an inboard end of the flow stopper extending into and blocking the first flow passage to separate the first flow passage into the communicating portion and the non-communicating portion. 22. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1, which further comprises: a first plurality of normally non-communicating flow passages formed in the heat removal module and being located in a prescribed plane; a second plurality of normally non-communicating flow passages formed in the heat removal module and being located in the prescribed plane; each flow passage of the first plurality of flow passages arranged to intersect with each flow passage of the second plurality of flow passages to normally provide communication amongst the first and second plurality of flow passages; a plurality of flow stoppers located spacially in each flow passage of the first plurality of flow passages to separate each flow passage of the first plurality of flow passages into a plurality of spaced communicating portions interspersed by a plurality of spaced non-communicating portions, and the spaced communicating portions of the first plurality of flow passages being in communication with the second plurality of flow passages to form the channel in a labyrinth configuration. 23. The apparatus as set forth in claim 22, which further comprises: the labyrinth configuration of the channel being formed in a serpentine path. 24. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1, wherein the heat removal module further comprises: a receiving station formed by a receptor passage which extends between and through a first major surface of the heat removal module and a second major surface of the heat removal module; and the receptor passage is formed with a wall. 25. The apparatus as set forth in claim 24, which further comprises: the wall being formed in a configuration which generally matches a configuration of an external surface of at least a portion of the reaction vessel to be received within the receptor passage. 26. The apparatus as set forth in claim 24, which further comprises: the wall of the receptor passage being electrically insulated to preclude electrical contact with any portion of the reaction vessel to be located within the receptor passage. 27. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1, wherein the heat removal module is composed of a material selected from the group consisting of any one or more of copper, aluminum alloy, silver, gold, boron nitride, diamond and graphite. 28. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1, wherein the heat removal module forms at least a portion of an electrically-conducting path for facilitating the heating of any reaction vessel received in the heat removal module. 29. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1, which further comprises: an external surface of the heat removal module being coated with a layer of an electrically insulative material. 30. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1, which further comprises: an external surface of the heat removal module being anodized. 31. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1, which further comprises: the heat removal module being structured for use with a reaction vessel having: a reaction portion formed with a length of 8 mm and a mean bore of 2.5 mm; a contact portion having an outside diameter of approximately 4 mm and a length of 3 mm; and a funnel portion having a mean outside diameter of 6 mm and a length of 7 mm. 32. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1, which further comprises: the heat removal module being structured for use with a reaction vessel formed at least partially with a casing of an electrically conductive material with an electrically insulative liner. 33. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1, which further comprises: the heat removal module being structured for use with a reaction vessel having a wall thickness of generally 0.3 mm. 34. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1, which further comprises: the heat removal module being structured for use with a reaction vessel having a base which has a toroid formed thereon to accommodate a temperature sensor. 35. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1, which further comprises: the heat removal module being structured for use with a reaction vessel having a funnel shape, a contact portion, and a lid for sealing the reaction vessel when in use, the lid having a window at a base thereof above a reaction chamber of the vessel to permit optical interrogation of a reaction process occurring within the reaction vessel. 36. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1, which further comprises: the heat removal module being composed of an electrically conductive material; the heat removal module being formed with at least one receiving station for receiving therein the reaction vessel formed with a first electrical contact surface for electrical engagement with the heat removal module and a second electrical contact surface spaced from the first electrical contact surface, whereby, when the reaction vessel is located within the receiving station, and an electrical power source is connectable between the heat removal module and the second electrical contact surface of the reaction vessel, electrical current will flow in the reaction vessel. 37. The apparatus as set forth in claim 36, which further comprises: the receiving station includes a receptor passage formed through the heat removal module and having a wall extending between an entry port at a first end of the receptor passage and an exit port at a second end of the receptor passage spaced from the entry port; the heat removal module, including the wall of the receptor passage, being anodized, except for an electrically exposed area adjacent the entry port which, when the reaction vessel is located within the receptor passage, is in electrical engagement with the first electrical contact surface of the reaction vessel. 38. The apparatus as set forth in claim 36, which further comprises: an electrical contact element positionable for electrical engagement with the second contact surface of the reaction vessel, when the vessel is located in the receiving station, and connectable to the electrical power source. 39. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1, which further comprises: an optical monitoring means for monitoring the progress of a reaction within the reaction vessel. 40. The apparatus as set forth in claim 39, wherein the optical monitoring means comprises: a laser source; means for directing a laser beam into the reaction vessel, and a multi-anode photomultiplier tube for detecting emitted light resulting from a reaction occurring within the reaction vessel. 41. The apparatus as set forth in claim 39, wherein the optical monitoring means comprises: a printed circuit board positioned adjacent the reaction vessel; the printed circuit board including an array of light emitting diodes selected so as to be within an excitation spectrum of the reactive content of the reaction vessel which are under interrogation and arranged to direct light into the reaction vessel; the printed circuit board having a small opening located to allow passage of the light emission spectra of the reactive content of the reaction vessel; a detector located to detect the emission spectra; and a filter for blocking the path of the excitation spectra to the detector. 42. The apparatus as set forth in claim 41, wherein the filter comprises: an optical filter placed across the small opening. 43. The apparatus as set forth in claim 41, wherein the light emitting diodes are arranged to emit light at a wavelength of 470 nm or above. 44. The apparatus as set forth in claim 39, which further comprises: a detector selected from the group consisting of a photo multiplier tube, an avalance photodiode, a charge coupled device, a light-dependent resistor, and a photovoltaic cell; and a Fresnel lens arranged to direct emitted light from the reaction in the reaction vessel onto an XY scanning mirror set and thereby into the detector. 45. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1, wherein the heat removal module further comprises: a receiving station in the heat removal module for receiving the reaction vessel; means for monitoring the reaction in the reaction vessel; and a vessel temperature sensor located at the receiving station. 46. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1, which further comprises: the heat removal module composed of an electrically conductive material; and the heat removal module having an electrical terminal to facilitate connection of the heat removal module to an electrical power source. 47. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1, which further comprises: the heat removal module formed with a recess in one surface thereof from which a portion of the reaction vessel extends; and a printed circuit board attachable to the heat removal module and having an electrical contact extending therefrom which is mountable in the recess when the printed circuit board is attached to the heat removal and electrically engagable with the portion of the reaction vessel to facilitate connection of the reaction vessel to an electrical power source. 48. The apparatus as set forth in claim 45, which further comprises: the vessel temperature sensor is selected from the group consisting of an infra-red detector, a thermistor, and a thermopile sensor. 49. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1, which further comprises: means for heating the coolant liquid to a desired temperature. 50. The apparatus as set forth in claim 45, which further comprises: a heat guide arranged to guide heat radiated from a surface of the reaction vessel onto the vessel temperature sensor. 51. An apparatus for biological or chemical reactions, which comprises: a heat removal module being formed of an electrically conductive material; a vessel-receiving passage formed in the heat removal module, having a first portion thereof spaced from a second portion thereof by a prescribed distance, for receiving therein a reaction vessel having a prescribed length and an electrically conductive outer section; an exposed contact surface of the heat removal module located adjacent the first portion of the vessel-receiving passage for engagement with a first portion of the electrically conductive outer section of the reaction vessel; and the prescribed distance of the vessel-receiving passage being less than the prescribed length of the reaction vessel such that a second portion of the electrically conductive outer section of the reaction vessel extends outward from the second portion of the vessel-receiving passage; whereby, upon connection of an electrical power source to the heat removal module and the second portion of the electrically conductive outer section of the reaction vessel, electrical current will flow through the electrically conductive outer section of the reaction vessel. 52. A heat removal module for use in conducting biological or chemical reactions, which comprises: structure formed in the heat removal module for receiving a reaction vessel in such a manner as to create thermal conductivity contact between the heat removal module and the reaction vessel; the heat removal module being formed of a thermally conductive material, and a channel formed in the heat removal module for facilitating the flow of a coolant liquid therethrough. 53. A method of conducting a biological or chemical reaction process, which comprises the steps of: forming a heat removal module of a thermally conductive material and with a receiving station and a channel; placing a reactive sample into a reaction vessel; placing the reaction vessel into the receiving station to create thermal conductivity contact between the heat removal module and the reaction vessel; flowing a coolant liquid through the channel; heating the coolant liquid to a temperature in a specified thermocycling program; and conducting the specified thermocycling program on the reactive sample. 54. The method as set forth in claim 53, wherein the reaction vessel is a microtiter vessel. 55. The method as set forth in claim 53, which further comprises the step of: forming a plurality of receiving stations in the heat removal module for receiving a plurality of reaction vessels. 56. The method as set forth in claim 53, which further comprises the step of: forming a plurality of receiving stations in the heat removal module for 96n reaction vessels, where n is an integer. 57. The method as set forth in claim 53, which further comprises the step of: monitoring the temperature of the of the reaction vessel with a temperature sensor. 58. The method as set forth in claim 57, which further comprises the step of: connecting the temperature sensor in an electric circuit arranged for heating the reaction vessel. 59. The method as set forth in claim 55, which further comprises the steps of: providing a temperature sensor for each of the plurality of receiving stations, and connecting each temperature sensor in an electrical circuit for providing individual and discrete heating for each of the plurality of reaction vessels. 60. The method as set forth in claim 57, wherein the temperature sensor is selected from the group consisting of an infra-red detector, a thermistor, and a thermopile sensor. 61. The method as set forth in claim 53, which further comprises the step of: optically monitoring a reaction occurring within the reaction vessel. 