A method for large scale manufacture of photovoltaic devices includes loading a substrate into a load lock station and transferring the substrate in a controlled ambient to a first process station. The method includes using a first physical deposition process in the first process station to cause formation of a first conductor layer overlying the surface region of the substrate. The method includes transferring the substrate to a second process station, and using a second physical deposition process in the second process station to cause formation of a second layer overlying the surface region of the substrate. The method further includes repeating the transferring and processing until all thin film materials of the photovoltaic devices are formed. In an embodiment, the invention also provides a method for large scale manufacture of photovoltaic devices including feed forward control.
Claims 1. A method of manufacturing a photovoltaic device, the method comprising: placing a substrate having a surface region at a first process station; forming a first electrode layer overlying the surface region of the substrate at the first process station using a first process; transferring the substrate to a second process station; forming a barrier layer overlying the first electrode layer at the second process station using a second process; transferring the substrate in a controlled ambient to a third process station; forming a p-type absorber layer overlying the first electrode layer at the third process station using a third process, the p-type absorber layer being characterized by a first bandgap range and a first thickness range; transferring the substrate in a controlled ambient to a fourth process station; and forming a second electrode layer overlying the n-type window layer at the fourth process station using a fourth process. 2. The method of claim 1 further comprising prior to forming the first electrode layer: transferring the substrate to a fifth process station; and forming another barrier layer overlying the surface region of the substrate at the sixth process station using a fifth process. 3. The method of claim 1 further comprising prior to forming the second electrode layer: transferring the substrate to a sixth process station; and forming a resistive layer overlying the n-type window layer at the sixth process station using a sixth process. 4. The method of claim 1 further comprising: in-situ monitoring properties of each layer being formed at each process station; and determining a process condition for a subsequent process based on data obtained in the monitoring of the earlier processes. 5. The method of claim 1 wherein transferring the substrate comprises transferring the substrate under reduced pressure. 6. The method of claim 1 wherein the process stations are in process communication with one another such that the substrate is maintained in an environment separate from an ambient environment external to the process chambers at all times during the method. 7. The method of claim 1 wherein transferring the substrate comprises transferring the substrate in an ambient comprising N.sub.2 or Ar. 8. The method of claim 1 wherein the substrate comprises: silicon, germanium, a compound semiconductor material, germanium, or silicon-germanium. 9. The method of claim 1 wherein the substrate comprises glass, quartz, or fused silica. 10. The method of claim 1 wherein the first electrode layer comprises aluminum or tungsten. 11. The method of claim 1 wherein the first electrode layer comprises a transparent conducting oxide material selected from ZnO:Al, SnO:F, or ITO. 12. The method of claim 1 wherein the first electrode layer comprises a conductive polymer material. 13. The method of claim 1 wherein the second electrode layer comprises a transparent conducting oxide material selected from ZnO:Al, SnO:F, or ITO. 14. A method comprising: placing a substrate having a surface region in a first process station; forming a first electrode layer overlying the surface region at the first process station; transferring the substrate to a second process station; forming a resistive layer overlying the first electrode layer at the second process station; transferring the substrate to a third process station; forming a window layer overlying the first electrode layer at the third process station; transferring the substrate to a fourth process station; forming an absorber layer overlying the window layer at the fourth process station; transferring the substrate to a fifth process station; and forming a second electrode layer overlying the absorber layer at the fifth process station. 15. The method of claim 14 further comprising prior to forming the first electrode layer: transferring the substrate to a sixth process station; and forming a barrier layer overlying the surface region of the substrate at the sixth process station. 16. The method of claim 14 further comprising: in-situ monitoring properties of each layer being formed in each process station; and determining a process condition for a subsequent process based on data obtained in the monitoring of one or more earlier processes. 17. The method of claim 14 wherein the process stations are mechanically coupled with one another such that the substrate is maintained in an environment separate from an ambient environment external to the process chambers at all times during the method. 18. A method comprising: placing a substrate having a surface region at a first process station; forming a first electrode layer overlying the surface region of the substrate at the first process station; transferring the substrate to a second process station; forming a first absorber layer overlying the first electrode layer at the second process station; transferring the substrate to a third process station; forming a first window layer overlying the first absorber layer at the third process station; transferring the substrate to a fourth process station; forming a n-type tunnel junction layer overlying the first window layer at the fourth process station; transferring the substrate to a fifth process station; forming a p-type tunnel junction layer overlying the n-type tunnel junction layer at the fifth process station; transferring the substrate to a sixth process station; forming a second window layer overlying the second absorber layer at the sixth process station; transferring the substrate to an seventh process station; and forming a second electrode layer overlying the second window layer at the seventh process station. 19. The method of claim 18 further comprising prior to forming the n-type tunnel junction layer: forming a first resistive layer overlying the first window layer, the first resistive layer being characterized by a resistivity of at least 10 kohm-cm. 20. The method of claim 18 further comprising prior to forming the second electrode layer: forming a second resistive layer overlying the second window layer. 21. The method of claim 18 further comprising: in-situ monitoring properties of each layer being formed in each process station; determining a process condition for a subsequent process based on data obtained in the monitoring of one or more earlier processes. 22. The method of claim 18 wherein the process stations are in mechanical communication with one another such that the substrate is transferred from one process station to the next without being exposed to an ambient environment external to the process chambers. 