A method of supporting a plurality of planar substrates in a tube shaped furnace for conducting a thermal treatment process is disclosed. The method uses a boat fixture having a base frame including two length portions and a first width portion, a second width portion, and one or more middle members connected between the two length portions. Additionally, the method includes mounting a removable first grooved rod respectively on the first width portion, the second width portion, and each of the one or more middle members, each first grooved rod having a first plurality of grooves characterized by a first spatial configuration. The method further includes inserting one or two substrates of a plurality of planar substrates into each groove in the boat fixture separated by a distance.
Claims 1. A method of holding a plurality of planar substrates for thermal treatment comprising: providing a tube shaped furnace having a first end and a second end, the tube shaped furnace being surrounded by a plurality of heaters for conducting a thermal treatment process, the first end having a door; providing a boat fixture having a base frame coupled to a top frame, the base frame including two length portions and a first width portion, a second width portion, and at least one middle member connected between the two length portions; mounting a grooved member on the first width portion, the second width portion, and the at least one middle member, each grooved member having a plurality of grooves; inserting a plurality of planar substrates into the boat fixture so that the grooved member on the first width portion, the second width portion, and the at least one middle member, supports each of the planar substrates in a manner such that each substrate is separated from adjoining substrates by a desired distance; loading the boat fixture into the tube shaped furnace from the first end; and subjecting the plurality of planar substrates to the thermal treatment process. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein the tube shaped furnace comprises quartz material and encloses a volume of a gaseous environment having at least selenium or sulfur during the thermal treatment process. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein the step of inserting the plurality of planar substrates into the boat fixture comprises loading each planar substrate into the grooves in a vertical orientation. 4. The method of claim 3 wherein the step of inserting the plurality of planar substrates into the boat fixture comprises disposing each planar substrate substantially parallel to each other. 5. The method of claim 1 further comprising mounting a further grooved member to the top frame for guiding the plurality of planar substrates into the boat fixture. 6. The method of claim 4 the substrates are spaced apart with a desired spacing between substrates. 7. The method of claim 1 further comprising replacing each first grooved member on the base frame by a second grooved member respectively on the first width portion, the second width portion, and each of the at least one middle members, each second grooved rod having a second plurality of grooves in a second spatial configuration. 8. The method of claim 7 wherein the second spatial configuration comprises an arrangement of the plurality of planar substrates wherein each planar substrate inserted after insertion has a front surface directly facing a back surface of another planar substrate inserted in a neighboring groove, the front-front surface spacing being at least equal to or greater than the desired distance and the back-back surface spacing being substantially smaller than the front-front surface spacing. 9. The method of claim 8 wherein the second spatial configuration comprises an arrangement of the plurality of planar substrates wherein the back-to-back surface spacing is substantially zero. 10. The method of claim 8 wherein the front surface of each substrate comprises a photovoltaic precursor film including at least copper, indium, and gallium species. 11. The method of claim 1 wherein each of the plurality of planar substrates comprises glass having a form factor selected at least from 65 cm.times.165 cm rectangle, a 20 cm.times.50 cm rectangle, a 20 cm.times.20 cm square. 12. The method of claim 1 wherein the desired distance for maintaining a convection flow between two neighboring planar substrates so that a temperature difference within each planar substrate can be less than 15 degrees Celsius at least during a dwell stage of the thermal treatment process. 13. The method of claim 12 wherein the desired distance is partially determined by process parameters including a total number of the plurality of planar substrates inserted in the boat fixture, a dimension of each planar substrate, a spatial dimension of the tube shaped furnace, and structural configuration of the boat fixture inside the tube shaped furnace. 14. The method of claim 12 wherein the desired distance is further determined by a setup of the plurality of heaters associated with the tube shaped furnace including a placement configuration and a ramping rate of temperature. 15. The method of claim 12 wherein the desired distance is further determined using a computational model based on a simulation system having a scaled down physical dimension and number of substrates. 16. An apparatus for holding substrates for thermal treatment comprising: a frame fixture having a substantially rectangular prism shape, the frame fixture including a base frame, a top frame, side connection bars coupling the base frame and the top frame, the base frame having two width members and middle joint members connected between the two length members; a first grooved rod removably mounted on each of the two width members and each of the middle joint members, each first grooved rod including a first plurality of grooves for supporting planar substrates; a first grooved bar removably mounted on each of two width members of the top frame, each first grooved bar including a second plurality of grooves aligned with the first plurality of grooves for guiding the plurality of planar substrates into the apparatus; and a rack structure configured to be a mechanical support of the frame fixture in a loading position inside a furnace for subjecting the plurality of planar substrates in the first configuration to one or more reactive thermal treatment processes. 17. The apparatus of claim 16 wherein the frame fixture and the first grooved rod and the first grooved bar comprise quartz. 18. The apparatus of claim 16 wherein each of the plurality of planar substrates comprises glass having at least one surface overlaid by a photovoltaic precursor layer which includes at least copper, indium, and gallium species. 19. The apparatus of claim 16 wherein each of the plurality of planar substrates comprises a piece of soda lime glass having a form factor selected at least from a 65 cm.times.165 cm rectangle, a 20 cm.times.50 cm rectangle, a 20 cm.times.20 cm square. 20. The apparatus of claim 16 wherein the first configuration comprises an arrangement of the plurality of planar substrates in a substantially vertical orientation and parallel to a neighboring planar substrate at a distance equal to or greater than a predetermined value associated with at least the furnace and the one or more thermal treatment processes. 21. The apparatus of claim 20 wherein the predetermined value comprises a minimum spacing for maintaining a sufficient convection flow so that a temperature difference across each planar substrate is smaller than 15 degrees Celsius at least during a dwell stage of the thermal treatment processes. 22. The apparatus of claim 21 further comprising a second grooved rod for replacing the first grooved rod to mount on each of the two width members and each of the one or more middle joint members, each second grooved rod including a second plurality of grooves respectively configured to support a plurality of planar substrates in a second configuration, each groove supporting at least one planar substrate. 23. The apparatus of claim 22 wherein the second configuration comprises an arrangement of the plurality of planar substrates substantially parallel to each other with a front/back surface of one planar substrate facing another front/back surface of a neighboring planar substrate at a first/second distance away, the first distance being equal to or greater than the predetermined value, the second distance being substantially smaller than the first distance. 24. The apparatus of claim 23 wherein the front surface of each planar substrate comprises a precursor layer being subjected to the one or more thermal treatment processes. 25. The apparatus of claim 23 wherein the second distance is substantially zero and each groove is configured to support two planar substrates in back-to-back configuration. 26. The apparatus of claim 16 wherein the furnace is made of quartz material for enclosing a volume configured to form a gaseous environment comprising at least selenium species or sulfur species during the one or more thermal treatment processes. 