A portable solar power system, comprises a plurality of photovoltaic solar panels; storage batteries for storing energy generated by the photovoltaic solar panels; a charger operably connected to the photovoltaic solar panels for charging the storage batteries; a plurality of inverters operably connected to the respective photovoltaic solar panels for generating an AC output for connection to an outlet for feeding into an electric grid; and a switching circuit for automatically disconnecting the photovoltaic solar panels from the inverters and connecting the photovoltaic solar panels to the charger when power in the electric grid is down.
Claims 1. A portable solar power system, comprising: a) a plurality of photovoltaic solar panels; b) storage batteries for storing energy generated by said photovoltaic solar panels; c) a charger operably connected to said photovoltaic solar panels for charging said storage batteries; d) a plurality of inverters operably connected to respective said photovoltaic solar panels for generating an AC output for connection to an outlet for feeding into an electric grid; and e) a switching circuit for automatically disconnecting said photovoltaic solar panels from said inverters and connecting said photovoltaic solar panels to said charger when power in the electric grid is down. 2. A portable solar power system as in claim 1, and further comprising: a) a housing having a plurality of sides; and b) said panels include a deployed position and a stowage position, said panels are substantially horizontal when in said deployed position for being exposed to solar radiation, said panels are being upright when in said stowage position. 3. A portable solar power system as in claim 2, wherein: a) said sides each includes a bottom portion; and b) said photovoltaic solar panels are attached to respective said bottom portion. 4. A portable solar power system as in claim 2, and further comprising a plurality of hinges for attaching said photovoltaic solar panels to said sides. 5. A portable solar power system as in claim 4, wherein said hinges each includes a removable pin for detaching said photovoltaic solar panels from said sides. 6. A portable solar power system as in claim 2, wherein said housing is pyramidal. 7. A portable solar power system as in claim 2, and further comprising: a) a plurality of tubular members; b) one end of each tubular member is removably attached to a respective one of said sides; and c) an opposite end of each tubular member is removably attached to a respective free end of one of said photovoltaic solar panels. 8. A portable solar power system as in claim 7, wherein: a) each of said sides and each of said free ends include a bracket with a protruding portion; and b) said protruding member is receivable within respective said one end and respective opposite end within respective one end and respective opposite end of each of said tubular members. 9. A portable solar power system as in claim 8, wherein: a) each of said protruding members includes an opening; b) each end and each another end of said tubular members include a transverse opening alignable with said opening of said protruding member; and c) a removable pin disposed through said transverse opening at each end and each another end of said tubular members, and through said opening of respective said protruding member. 10. A portable solar power system as in claim 2, and further comprising another plurality of photovoltaic solar panels laid on top of said sides. 11. A portable solar power system as in claim 1, wherein: a) said switching circuit includes relays operably connected to said photovoltaic solar panels and said inverters; and b) a switch operably connected to said relays and a power source. 12. A portable solar power system as in claim 11, wherein: a) said switch includes a grid tie position and an off grid position; b) said grid tie position connects said relays to the power source; and c) said off grid position disconnects said relays from the power source. 13. A portable solar power system as in claim 1, and further comprising a transformer operably connected to said inverters. 14. A portable solar power system as in claim 1, and further comprising another inverter operably connected to said batteries. 15. A portable solar power system, comprising: a) a housing having a plurality of sides; b) a plurality of photovoltaic solar panels hingedly attached to respective said sides; c) said panels including a deployed position and a stowage position, said panels are substantially horizontal when in said deployed position for being exposed to solar radiation, said panels are being upright when in said stowage position; and d) a plurality of inverters operably connected to respective said photovoltaic solar panels for generating an AC output for connection to an outlet for feeding into an electric grid. 16. A portable solar power system as in claim 15, wherein: a) said sides each includes a bottom portion; and b) said photovoltaic solar panels are attached to respective said bottom portion. 17. A portable solar power system as in claim 16, wherein said housing is pyramidal. 18. A portable solar power system as in claim 17, and further comprising another plurality of photovoltaic solar panels laid on top of said sides. 19. A portable solar power system as in claim 15, and further comprising a plurality of wheels disposed underneath said housing. 20. A portable solar power system as in claim 15, wherein said photovoltaic solar panels are detachable from said housing. 