A long span solar collector mounting system with a deployable truss structure centered beneath the beam, and a single centered vertical support and a stabilizing end support, for mounting solar panels and other equipment on roofs and other surfaces, that can be tilted to a desired angle with respect to the ground, and can be rotated about its vertical axis to maximize solar production, with a vertical member that is offset to direct resultant wind loads directly through the base thereby minimizing twisting or bending stresses on roof structures, with beam clamping capability for attaching to roof beams below the roof with only access above the roof, that can be tilted during and after installation for reroofing and servicing access, with angled retaining nuts that provide secure attachment of solar panels and other equipment.
Claims 1. A long span beam system for supporting solar panel arrays or other equipment with a centrally supported truss structure formed by a top chord and at least two lower chords that form a V-shape below the top chord where they are connected at the formed V vertex to a vertical support member that also connects to the upper chord to form triangular sections for increased load carrying capacity, with an end support that may be used for stabilization. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the top chord is in compression and the bottom chords are in tension when there is a lift caused by wind loading under the array and the top chord is in tension and the bottom chords are in compression when there is a downward load caused by gravity or wind loading above the array. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the lower chord and vertical members are offset from center so that the resultant load due to wind is directed to the base of the structure thereby substantially reducing bending moment at the base. 4. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the upper chord is formed from two sections joined in the center with the vertical member to form the equivalent of a single upper chord. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the upper chord section profile is formed to accept connecting hardware for attachment of solar panels and other equipment. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein as the upper chord is tilted to a desired angle with respect to a horizontal plane and the vertical support remains vertical it will offset the center of the resultant wind load favorably so that said load passes more closely to the base of the support to thereby reduce bending stress at the base. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the entire long span beam along with solar panels can be tilted and locked into a horizontal or other desired position to facilitate initial assembly and subsequently for access after assembly to reroof or perform other functions. 8. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the beam assembly is rotatable about the vertical axis of its base support post to facilitate attachment to roof structures in various positions and orientations and for more precise position relative to the sun's direction. 9. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein cross-members can be attached across one or more long span upper chords to provide the desired support for solar panels and other equipment. 10. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein solar panels and other equipment can be attached and supported by said cross-members. 11. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the base support is cylindrical to facilitate water tight sealing capability to roof jacks and other roof components. 12. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the bottom of the base support is flanged or otherwise configured for connection to roof beams or other structures. 13. A beam clamp assembly consisting of a support post, two or more beam clamps, and lifting shaft, that is capable of clamping to roof beams such as wide flange beams or other structural members, at or below the roof line 14. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein the beam clamp can be deployed through a hole in the roof without requiring access to the inside of a building and opened for attachment to a beam structure just below or at a distance below the roof line. 15. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein the beam clamp jaws can be from the rooftop by means of pushing said jaws against a bearing pin. 16. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein said beam clamp can be tightened onto a wide flange beam or other beam below the roofline by turning a single bolt from above the roofline. 17. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein the upper segment of each clamp jaw is forced against the side of the post during tightening to prevent said clamp jaws from slipping away from said wide flange beam. 18. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein the center post and clamp jaws act in concert with the beam flange to form a structurally stiffer mounting assembly that minimizes stress on the beam flange when an external load is applied. 19. A nut with raised section with an angular profile that can be inserted and rotated into a locking position at any point along a beam or rail with a T-slot track for the purpose of securely attaching components to said nut without easily loosening after tightening. 20. The apparatus of claim 19, wherein the raised section of the nut is tapered at its base so that when it is inserted, rotated clockwise, and tightened it cannot rotate out of this position due to vibration, seismic, wind, or other externally applied loads. 