A group-III nitride solar cell is grown on a thin piece of a group-III nitride crystal that has been mounted on a carrier comprised of a foreign material. The thin piece is a thin layer with a thickness that ranges from approximately 5 microns to approximately 300 microns.
Claims 1. An optoelectronic device, comprising: a group-III nitride solar cell grown on a thin piece of a group-III nitride crystal that is mounted on a carrier comprised of a foreign material. 2. The device of claim 1, wherein the thin piece is a thin layer with a thickness that ranges from approximately 5 microns to approximately 300 microns. 3. The device of claim 1, wherein the group-III nitride solar cell is comprised of (Al,B,Ga,In)N. 4. The device of claim 3, wherein the group-III nitride solar cell is comprised of one or more layers containing GaN, In.sub.xGa.sub.1-xN, Al.sub.xIn.sub.1-xN, Al.sub.xGa.sub.1-xN, Al.sub.yGa.sub.1-y-xIn.sub.xN or InN. 5. The device of claim 3, wherein the group-III nitride solar cell is comprised of one or more layers containing different concentrations of chemical species, such as Si or Mg. 6. The device of claim 1, wherein the thin piece from the group-III nitride crystal has a higher quality than a group-III nitride layer grown on a substrate. 7. The device of claim 6, wherein the thin piece from the group-III nitride crystal comprises an In.sub.xGa.sub.1-xN layer where 0.ltoreq.x.ltoreq.1. 8. The device of claim 1, wherein the thin piece from the group-III nitride crystal is arranged in such a fashion as to increase an effective size of exposed group-III nitride material upon which the group-III nitride solar cell is grown. 9. The device of claim 1, wherein the foreign material is comprised of one or more of materials comprising: an amorphous solid, a plastic, a polymer containing material, a metal, a metal alloy, a semiconductor, a ceramic, a non-crystalline solid, a poly-crystalline material, an electronic device, or an optoelectronic device. 10. The device of claim 1, wherein the foreign material is silicon dioxide. 11. The device of claim 1, wherein the foreign material is a flexible material. 12. The device of claim 1, wherein the foreign material is a rigid material. 13. The device of claim 1, wherein the foreign material is processed prior to mounting the thin piece of the group-III nitride crystal on the carrier. 14. A method of fabricating an optoelectronic device, comprising: growing a group-III nitride solar cell on a thin piece of a group-III nitride crystal that is mounted on a carrier comprised of a foreign material. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein the thin piece is a thin layer with a thickness that ranges from approximately 5 microns to approximately 300 microns. 16. The method of claim 14, wherein the group-III nitride solar cell is comprised of (Al,B,Ga,In)N. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein the group-III nitride solar cell is comprised of one or more layers containing GaN, In.sub.xGa.sub.1-xN, Al.sub.xIn.sub.1-xN, Al.sub.xGa.sub.1-xN, Al.sub.yGa.sub.1-y-xIn.sub.xN or InN. 18. The method of claim 16, wherein the group-III nitride solar cell is comprised of one or more layers containing different concentrations of chemical species, such as Si or Mg. 19. The method of claim 14, wherein the thin piece from the group-III nitride crystal has a higher quality than a group-III nitride layer grown on a substrate. 20. The method of claim 19, wherein the thin piece from the group-III nitride crystal comprises an In.sub.xGa.sub.1-xN layer where 0.ltoreq.x.ltoreq.1. 21. The method of claim 14, wherein the think piece from the group-III nitride crystal is arranged in such a fashion as to increase an effective size of exposed group-III nitride material upon which the group-III nitride solar cell is grown. 22. The method of claim 14, wherein the foreign material is comprised of one or more of materials comprising: an amorphous solid, a plastic, a polymer containing material, a metal, a metal alloy, a semiconductor, a ceramic, a non-crystalline solid, a poly-crystalline material, an electronic device, or an optoelectronic device. 23. The method of claim 14, wherein the foreign material is silicon dioxide. 24. The method of claim 14, wherein the foreign material is a flexible material. 25. The method of claim 14, wherein the foreign material is a rigid material. 26. The method of claim 14, wherein the foreign material is processed prior to mounting the thin piece of the group-III nitride crystal on the carrier. 27. The method of claim 14, wherein the group-III nitride solar cell is grown using one or more techniques comprising: epitaxial growth techniques, sputtering techniques, flux based techniques, or deposition techniques including ion beam deposition, laser beam deposition, or electron beam deposition. 28. The method of claim 14, wherein the growing step includes metal deposition, material deposition, material removal, implantation of chemical elements or species, annealing, or baking 