A mounting system for attaching solar panels or similar structures to a surface and to each other to form an array is disclosed. In accordance with the invention, a bracket that has an upper section with a mounting surface and a retaining lip spaced apart to accept an edge of the panel is provided. A riser connects the upper section to a base disposed on the surface. A ballast disposed against the base keeps the array in place. When the edges of the panels are engaged under the retaining lip of each bracket and the brackets moved to lock the panel in place, the array remains mounted to the surface without mechanical fastening. In certain embodiments, a wind deflector is attached between adjacent panels, and in certain embodiments a separator block is also inserted to fully lock the panels in place. Methods of assembling an array of panels without tools or fasteners are also disclosed.
Claims 1. A mounting system for attaching a panel to a surface comprising: at least one bracket comprising an upper section having a mounting surface and a retaining lip spaced apart to accept an edge of the panel, a riser connected to the upper section, a base connected to the riser and disposed on the surface; and ballast disposed against the base, whereby the edge of the panel is locked in place and remains mounted to the surface without mechanical fastening. 2. The mounting system of claim 1, wherein the bracket further comprises a second upper section having a second mounting surface and a second retaining lip spaced apart to accept an edge of a second panel. 3. The mounting system of claim 2, wherein the first and second upper sections are connected to a common base. 4. The mounting system of claim 3, wherein the first and second upper sections are connected to the common base by a single riser. 5. The mounting system of claim 3, wherein the first and second upper sections are connected to the common base by a first riser and a second riser. 6. The mounting system of claim 5, wherein the first and second upper sections are connected to the common base by a first riser of a first height and a second riser of a second height. 7. The mounting system of claim 1, further comprising a grounding clip disposed between the bracket and the panel. 8. The mounting system of claim 1, wherein two brackets are attached to a first edge of a first panel and a third and fourth bracket are attached to a second edge of the same panel. 9. The mounting system of claim 8, wherein the third and fourth brackets are attached to an first edge of a second panel. 10. The mounting system of claim 9, further comprising an air deflector covering a gap between the first panel and the second panel. 11. An array of solar panels mounted to a roof, comprising: a plurality of brackets each comprising an upper section having a mounting surface and a retaining lip spaced apart to accept an edge of a panel, a riser connected to the upper section, a base connected to the riser and disposed on the surface; and ballast disposed against the base, whereby the edge of a panel is locked in place and remains mounted to the surface without mechanical fastening. 12. The array of solar panels of claim 11, wherein each bracket further comprises a second upper section having a second mounting surface and a second retaining lip spaced apart to accept an edge of a second panel, wherein each bracket retains an edge of at least two separate solar panels. 13. The array of solar panels of claim 1, further comprising a separator disposed between an edge of a first panel and an edge of a second panel whereby the clearance between the two panels is substantially eliminated. 14. The array of solar panels of claim 13, wherein each bracket has a first and second mounting surface and a first and second retaining lip. 15. The array of solar panels of claim 13, wherein the first and second mounting surfaces and the first and second retaining lips are disposed on a single riser at a single height above the base. 16. The array of solar panels of claim 13, wherein the first and second mounting surfaces and the first and second retaining lips are disposed, respectively, on a first riser and a second riser at two different heights above the base. 17. The mounting system of claim 12, further comprising an air deflector covering a gap between the first panel and the second panel. 18. The mounting system of claim 11, further comprising a grounding clip disposed between the bracket and the panel. 19. A method of installing an array of solar panels on a surface without using fasteners, comprising the steps of: placing a pair of brackets on the surface; placing ballast on the brackets; providing a solar panel; sliding an edge of a first panel between a mounting surface and a retaining lip disposed on the brackets; sliding a second edge of the panel between a second mounting surface and a second retaining lip disposed on a second pair brackets; moving the first pair of brackets and the second pair of brackets apart so as to lock both the first edge and the second edge in place; placing ballast on the second pair of brackets; assembling a second panel according to the steps described above; 20. The method of claim 19, further comprising the step of adding additional panels and of affixing an air deflector to cover a gap between the sets of adjacent panels. 21. The method of claim 19; further comprising the step of placing a separator block or pin to eliminate the clearance between the two panels. 