Various systems and methods are provided for power generation using buoyancy-induced vortices. In one embodiment, among others, a vortex generation system includes a nucleating obstruction; an array of vanes distributed about the nucleating obstruction, the array of vanes configured to impart an angular momentum on air drawn through the array of vanes to form a columnar vortex over the nucleating obstruction; and a set of turbine blades positioned over the nucleating obstruction, the set of turbine blades configured to extract power from the columnar vortex. In another embodiment, a method for power extraction from a buoyancy-induced vortex includes establishing a thermal plume; imparting angular momentum to boundary layer air entrained by the thermal plume to form a stationary columnar vortex; and extracting power from the stationary columnar vortex through turbine blades positioned within the stationary columnar vortex.
Claims 1. A vortex generation system comprising: a nucleating obstruction; an array of vanes distributed about the nucleating obstruction, the array of vanes configured to impart an angular momentum on air drawn through the array of vanes to form a columnar vortex over the nucleating obstruction; and a set of turbine blades positioned over the nucleating obstruction, the set of turbine blades configured to extract power from the columnar vortex. 2. The vortex generation system of claim 1, further comprising: a generator coupled to the set of turbine blades, the generator configured to generate electrical power from the power extracted by the set of turbine blades. 3. The vortex generation system of claim 2, wherein the generator is located within the columnar vortex. 4. The vortex generation system of claim 1, wherein the set of turbine blades is surrounded by a cowling. 5. The vortex generation system of claim 1, wherein the set of turbine blades is positioned below the top of the array of vanes. 6. The vortex generation system of claim 1, further comprising a second set of turbine blades positioned over the over the first set of turbine blades and the nucleating obstruction. 7. The vortex generation system of claim 1, wherein the nucleating obstruction is a conical element. 8. The vortex generation system of claim 1, wherein the nucleating obstruction comprises a plurality of passive elements protruding from a surface below the array of vanes. 9. The vortex generation system of claim 8, wherein the plurality of passive elements includes a plurality of cylindrical elements protruding from the surface. 10. The vortex generation system of claim 8, wherein each of the plurality of passive elements have the same dimensions. 11. The vortex generation system of claim 8, wherein each of the plurality of passive elements have a variable cross section. 12. The vortex generation system of claim 1, wherein the array of vanes are concentrically distributed about the nucleating obstruction. 13. The vortex generation system of claim 1, wherein positioning of at least a portion of a vane in the array of vanes is adjustable. 14. The vortex generation system of claim 1, further comprising instrumentation for monitoring characteristics of the columnar vortex. 15. The vortex generation system of claim 14, wherein the position of the vanes is adjusted based upon the monitored characteristics. 16. The vortex generation system of claim 14, wherein pitch of the turbine blades is adjusted based upon the monitored characteristics. 17. A power generation system comprising: a plurality of vortex generation systems, each vortex generation system comprising: a nucleating obstruction; an array of vanes distributed about the nucleating obstruction, the array of vanes configured to impart an angular momentum on air drawn through the array of vanes to form a columnar vortex over the nucleating obstruction; and a set of turbine blades positioned over the nucleating obstruction, the set of turbine blades configured to extract power from the columnar vortex. 18. A method for power extraction from a buoyancy-induced vortex, comprising: establishing a thermal plume; imparting angular momentum to boundary layer air entrained by the thermal plume to form a stationary columnar vortex; and extracting power from the stationary columnar vortex through turbine blades positioned within the stationary columnar vortex. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein the thermal plume is established by heating boundary layer air. 20. The method of claim 19, wherein the heating is produced by solar radiation. 21. The method of claim 19, wherein the heating is produced by industrial waste heat. 22. The method of claim 18, wherein the thermal plume is established over a nucleating obstruction. 23. The method of claim 18, wherein the axial vorticity is imparted to the entrained boundary layer air by an array of vanes distributed about the thermal plume. 24. The method of claim 23, wherein positioning of the vanes is varied to adjust the stationary columnar vortex. 25. The method of claim 23, wherein pitch of the turbine blades is varied to adjust the power extraction. 