A flexible solar module and manufacturing method for a portable device as an in-mold decoration is described. The solar module includes a flexible photovoltaic sheet of a predetermined shape and size, having an overmolded non-active side, mounted on the surface of a portable device. An electrical connection connected to the overmolded photovoltaic sheet terminates at any of the elements in the portable device requiring electrical power.
Claims 1. A flexible solar module for mounting on a portable device, the solar module comprising: a flexible photovoltaic sheet of a predetermined shape and size, having an overmolded non-active side, mounted on the surface of a portable device; and an electrical connection connected to the overmolded photovoltaic sheet, wherein the electrical connection terminates at any of the elements in the portable device requiring electrical power. 2. The solar module of claim 1, wherein the electrical connection is a flex circuit pigtail. 3. The solar module of claim 1, wherein the electrical connection is partially overmolded. 4. The solar module of claim 1, wherein the active side of the photovoltaic sheet is also overmolded. 5. The solar module of claim 4, wherein the overmolding on the active side is done with a transparent resin. 6. The solar module of claim 4, wherein the transparent resin is acrylic. 7. The solar module of claim 4, wherein the overmolding results in a textured surface. 8. The solar module of claim 1, wherein the overmolding on the non-active side is done with polycarbonate. 9. The solar module of claim 1, wherein the portable device is a vehicle, and the surface is one or more of: a package tray; a decklid-mounted spoiler; a roof panel; upper door appliques; a vehicle battery; an exterior lighting assembly; or an instrument panel. 10. A method for manufacturing a flexible solar module for mounting on a portable device, the method comprising: providing a flexible photovoltaic sheet with an attached electrical connection; trimming the photovoltaic sheet to a predetermined shape and size; mounting the photovoltaic sheet on the surface of the portable device; overmolding the non-active side of the photovoltaic sheet; and connecting the electrical connection to any of the elements in the portable device requiring electrical power. 11. The method of claim 10, wherein the electrical connection is a flex circuit pigtail. 12. The method of claim 10 further comprising partially overmolding the electrical connection. 13. The method of claim 10 further comprising overmolding the active side of the photovoltaic sheet. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein the overmolding on the active side is done with a transparent resin. 15. The method of claim 13, wherein the transparent resin is acrylic. 16. The method of claim 13, wherein the overmolding results in a textured surface. 17. The method of claim 10, wherein the overmolding on the non-active side is done with polycarbonate. 18. The method of claim 10, wherein the potable device is a vehicle, and the surface is one or more of: a package tray; a decklid-mounted spoiler; a roof panel; upper door appliques; a vehicle battery; an exterior lighting assembly; or an instrument panel. 19. A flexible solar module for mounting on vehicles, the solar module comprising: a flexible photovoltaic sheet of a predetermined shape and size, having an overmolded non-active side, mounted on a vehicle surface; an active side of the photovoltaic sheet covered by a skin and foam instrument panel pad; and an electrical connection connected to the overmolded photovoltaic sheet, wherein the electrical connection terminates at any of the vehicle power electronics. 