The disclosed subject matter provides systems and methods for allocating resources within an infrastructure, such as an electrical grid, in response to changes to inputs and output demands on the infrastructure, such as energy sources and sinks. A disclosed system includes one or more processors, each having respective communication interfaces to receive data from the infrastructure, the data comprising infrastructure network data, one or more software applications, operatively coupled to and at least partially controlling the one or more processors, to process and characterize the infrastructure network data; and a display, coupled to said one or more processors, for visually presenting a depiction of at least a portion of the infrastructure including any changes in condition thereof, and one or more controllers in communication with the one or more processors, to manage processing of the resource, wherein the resource is obtained and/or distributed based on the characterization of said real time infrastructure data.
Claims 1. A dynamic contingency avoidance and mitigation system for facilitating distribution of a resource within an infrastructure comprising: one or more processors, each having respective communication interfaces to receive infrastructure network data descriptive of said resource from said infrastructure; one or more software applications, operatively coupled to and at least partially controlling said one or more processors, said one or more software applications comprising a characterizer for generating characterized infrastructure network data based on at least a portion of said infrastructure network data and a predictor for generating predictive infrastructure network data based on at least a portion of said infrastructure network data; a display, coupled to said one or more processors, for visually presenting a depiction of at least a portion of said infrastructure, including any changes in condition thereof, based on said characterized infrastructure network data and/or said predictive infrastructure network data and one or more distribution controllers in communication with the one or more processors, to manage processing of said resource, wherein the distribution controller distributes the resource based on said characterized infrastructure network data and/or said predictive infrastructure network data. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the infrastructure is an electrical grid and the resource is electricity. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein the electricity is obtained, at least in part, from one or more sources selected from wind power, solar power, battery power, geothermal power, tidal power and nuclear power. 4. The system of claim 2, wherein the predictor generates predictive infrastructure network data based at least in part on forecasted electricity usage. 5. The system of claim 4, wherein the electrical grid includes curtailable loads, and the curtailable loads are curtailed based on predictive infrastructure network data. 6. The system of claim 5, wherein the curtailable load includes load associated with electrical vehicle charging. 7. The system of claim 4, wherein the characterizer for generating characterized infrastructure network data further includes a reliability analyzer for analyzing the reliability of electrical grid equipment. 8. The system of claim 7, wherein the reliability analyzer analyzes the reliability of electrical equipment in view of predicted storm conditions. 9. The system of claim 4, wherein the characterizer for generating characterized infrastructure network data further includes a shortfall analyzer for preventing electricity shortfalls. 10. The system of claim 4, wherein the predictor for generating predictive infrastructure network data predictor is based at least in part on a customer response to hypothetical changes to the real-time cost of the electricity to the customer. 11. The system of claim 10, wherein the actual real-time cost of the electricity to the customer is adjusted based, at least in part, on the predictor. 12. The system of claim 1, wherein the one or more software applications, includes a machine learning engine. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein the machine learning engine includes one of a martingale boosting algorithm, a SVM algorithm, Monte Carlo risk assessment, and a combination thereof. 14. The system of claim 1, wherein the display includes a web-based user interface. 15. The system of claim 14, wherein the web-based user interface initiates, provides interactive adjustments to, provides historian recording of, and human and machine training in the operation of the DCAMS. 16. A method for facilitating distribution of a resource within an infrastructure comprising: providing one or more processors, each having respective communication interfaces to receive data from said infrastructure, said data comprising infrastructure network data; providing one or more software applications, operatively coupled to and at least partially controlling said one or more processors, to process and characterize said infrastructure network data; and providing a display, coupled to said one or more processors, for visually presenting a depiction of at least a portion of said infrastructure, including any changes in condition thereof, and providing one or more controllers in communication with the one or more processors, to manage processing of the resource, wherein the resource is obtained and/or distributed based on the characterization of said utility network data. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein the infrastructure is an electrical grid and the resource is electricity. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein the electricity is obtained, at least in part, from one or more sources selected from wind power, solar power, battery power, geothermal power, tidal power and nuclear power. 19. The method of claim 16, wherein the characterization of said real time utility network data includes predicting future events. 20. The method of claim 19, wherein the electrical grid includes curtailable loads, and the curtailable loads are curtailed based on predicted future events. 21. The method of claim 20, wherein the curtailable load includes the charging of electrical vehicles. 22. The method of claim 19, wherein predicting future events occurs based on customer response to hypothetical changes to the real-time cost of the electricity to the customer. 23. The method of 19, wherein predicting future events occurs based on predicted storm damage. 24. A method for facilitating distribution electricity within an electrical grid comprising: (a) receiving data relative to the physical state of the electrical grid; (b) analyzing at least a portion of the received data available for analysis by at least one of a plurality of characterization applications; (c) determining an improved distribution of electricity based on the analyzed data); (d) monitoring the change over time based at least in part on the provided data, the analyzed data or the determined improved distribution to create a historical data profile; and (e) permitting access to at least a portion of the provided data, the analyzed data or the determined improved distribution over a distributed network to provide for the availability of such data to further assist in allocating electricity within the electrical grid. 25. The method of claim 24, wherein analyzing at least a portion of the received data comprises predicting infrastructure damage resulting from a predicted storm. 