An apparatus and process for vapor deposition of a sublimated source material as a thin film on a photovoltaic module substrate are provided. The apparatus includes at least one receptacle disposed in a deposition head. Each receptacle is configured for receipt of a granular source material. A heating system is configured to heat the receptacle(s) to sublimate the source material. A substantially vertical distribution plate is disposed between the receptacle(s) and a substrate conveyed through the apparatus. The distribution plate is positioned at a defined distance from a vertical conveyance plane of a deposition surface of the substrate. The distribution plate comprises a pattern of passages therethrough that distribute the sublimated source material for deposition onto the deposition surface of the substrate.
Claims 1. An apparatus for vapor deposition of a sublimated source material as a thin film on a photovoltaic (PV) module substrate, said apparatus comprising: a deposition head; a receptacle disposed in said deposition head, wherein the receptacle is configured for receipt of a granular source material; a heating system configured to heat the receptacle to sublimate the source material; and, a substantially vertical distribution plate disposed between the receptacle and a substrate substantially vertically conveyed through the apparatus, wherein the distribution plate is positioned at a defined distance from a vertical conveyance plane of a deposition surface of the substrate, said distribution plate comprising a pattern of passages therethrough that distributes the sublimated source material for deposition onto the deposition surface of the substrate. 2. The apparatus as in claim 1, further comprising: a feed system configured to supply the source material to the receptacle. 3. The apparatus as in claim 2, wherein the feed system comprises a feed tube configured to supply the source material to the receptacle. 4. The apparatus as in claim 3, wherein a distributor is attached to the feed tube, wherein the distributor is configured to supply the source material to the receptacle. 5. The apparatus as in claim 1, wherein a plurality of receptacles are disposed within the deposition head. 6. The apparatus as in claim 5, wherein the receptacles are substantially aligned within the deposition head in a vertical arrangement. 7. The apparatus as in claim 5, wherein the heating system is configured to independently heat each receptacle. 8. The apparatus as in claim 7, wherein the heating system comprises a plurality of heating elements, wherein each receptacle is heated by at least one heating element. 9. The apparatus as in claim 7, further comprising: a plurality of thermocouples, wherein at least one thermocouple is operationally positioned to monitor the temperature of each receptacle. 10. The apparatus as in claim 1, further comprising: a cold trap positioned within the deposition head and below the substrate, wherein the cold trap is configured to collect errant source vapors. 11. The apparatus as in claim 1, further comprising: a heated distribution manifold disposed between the receptacle and the distribution plate, wherein the heated distribution manifold comprises a plurality of passages defined therethrough, wherein the heated distribution manifold is configured to be heated to a degree sufficient to inhibit source material from depositing thereon. 12. The apparatus as in claim 11, further comprising: a movable shutter plate disposed adjacent to the distribution manifold, said shutter plate comprising a plurality of passages therethrough that align with said passages in said distribution manifold in a first position of said shutter plate to allow passage of sublimated source material through said distribution manifold, said shutter plate movable to a second position wherein said shutter plate blocks said passages in said distribution manifold to flow of sublimated material therethrough. 13. The apparatus as in claim 12, further comprising: an actuation mechanism connected to said shutter plate to move said shutter plate between said first and second positions. 14. The apparatus as in claim 11, wherein said distribution manifold comprises internal heating elements arranged between said passages in said manifold. 15. The apparatus as in claim 1, wherein said distribution manifold comprises a first shell member and a second shell member, said shell members defining internal cavities in which said heating elements are disposed. 16. A process for vapor deposition of a sublimated source material to form thin film on a photovoltaic (PV) module substrate, the process comprising: supplying source material to a receptacle within a deposition head; heating the receptacle with a heating system to sublimate the source material within the receptacle; directing the sublimated source material through a distribution plate, wherein the distribution plate has a substantially vertical orientation; conveying individual substrates in a substantially vertical arrangement past the distribution plate; and, distributing the sublimated source material that passes through the distribution plate onto a deposition surface of the substrates. 17. The process as in claim 16, wherein the source material is supplied to the receptacle via a feed system, wherein the feed system comprises a feed tube configured to supply the source material to the receptacle. 18. The process as in claim 16, wherein a plurality of receptacles are located within the deposition head. 19. The process as in claim 16, further comprising: collecting errant sublimated source material in a cold trap positioned within the deposition head. 20. The process as in claim 16, wherein the substrates are continuously conveyed at a constant linear conveyance rate during the vapor deposition process. 