A solar assembly system is provided. The system includes: a building assembly having a window and a panel. The panel is configured operate in a closed or an open position at the interior of the building interior. Further, the panel may extend beyond the window such that an airtight seals forms between the panel and the window.
Claims 1. A solar assembly system, comprising: a building assembly having a window and a panel; the panel is configured to operate in a closed or an open position at the interior of the building , wherein the panel forms an airtight seal between the panel and the window. 2. The solar assembly of claim 1, wherein the panel sits flush against the building assembly. 3. The solar assembly of claim 1, wherein the panel is a translucent material. 4. The solar assembly of claim 1, wherein the panel includes layers of insulating material. 5. The solar assembly of claim 1, wherein the building assembly is a skylight. 6. The solar assembly of claim 1, wherein the building assembly is a roof monitor. 7. A passive solar glazing device, comprising: a building assembly having a window and a panel; the panel is configured to operate in a closed position, wherein the panel forms an airtight seal between the panel and the window. 8. The passive solar glazing device of claim 7, wherein the panel sits flush against the building assembly. 9. The passive solar glazing device of claim 7, wherein the panel is a translucent material. 10. The passive solar glazing device of claim 7, wherein the panel includes layers of insulating material. 11. The passive solar glazing device of 7, wherein the building assembly is a skylight. 12. The passive solar glazing device of claim 7, wherein the building assembly is a roof monitor. 13. The passive solar glazing device of claim 7, wherein the dimensions between the window and panel range from 0.001'' to 20'. 14. The passive solar glazing device of claim 7, wherein the panel has an R- value between 0.01 and 60. 15. An energy device, comprising: a building assembly having a window and a panel; the panel is configured to operate in an open position, wherein the panel forms an airtight seal between the panel and the window. 16. The energy device of claim 15, wherein the panel sits flush against the building assembly. 17. The energy device of claim 15, wherein the panel is a translucent material. 18. The energy device of claim 15, wherein the panel includes layers of insulating material. 19. The energy device of claim 15, wherein the building assembly is a skylight. 20. The energy device of claim 15, wherein the building assembly is a roof monitor. 