A system includes a multi-stage compression engine including at least a first compressor and a second compressor and an intercooler positioned between the first compressor and the second compressor. The intercooler includes an air inlet configured to receive heated air from the first compressor and direct the heated air to a heat exchanger. The heat exchanger is configured to receive the heated air and to expel cooled air, wherein a cooling fluid is directed through the heat exchanger. An air outlet is configured to receive the cooled air and direct the cooled air to the second compressor. A chimney is positioned above the heat exchanger and adapted to capture the cooling fluid that is heated after having passed through the heat exchanger. A natural convection created in the chimney by the captured heated cooling fluid tends to draw the cooling fluid through the heat exchanger.
Claims 1. A system comprising: a receiver tower comprising a tower adapted to be positioned in proximity to a plurality of heliostats and including a receiver mounted on the receiver tower configured to receive solar rays directed to the receiver from the plurality of heliostats, the receiver tower including a chimney extending substantially a length of the receiver tower and an exhaust outlet at an upper end of the chimney; and a multi-stage compression engine coupled to the receiver tower, the engine including a first compressor, a second compressor and an intercooler positioned between the first compressor and the second compressor, a first turbine and a second turbine, wherein the intercooler comprises: an air inlet configured to receive heated air from the first compressor and direct the heated air to a heat exchanger; the heat exchanger configured to received the heated air and to expel cooled air, wherein a cooling fluid is directed through the heat exchanger; an air outlet configured to receive the cooled air and direct the cooled air to the second compressor; and wherein: the chimney included in the receiver tower is positioned above the heat exchanger and adapted to capture the cooling fluid that is heated after having passed through the heat exchanger, wherein a natural convection created in the chimney by the captured heated cooling fluid tends to draw the cooling fluid through the heat exchanger and the heated cooling fluid is expelled through the exhaust outlet; and air from the engine is heated by solar energy from the receiver before entering at least one or both of the first turbine and the second turbine. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the chimney comprises a conduit formed inside the receiver tower. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the chimney comprises a conduit attached to an exterior surface of a vertical member to which the receiver is mounted. 4. The system of claim 1, the intercooler further comprising a fan configured to direct the cooling air fluid through the heat exchanger; wherein power consumed by the fan varies based on the natural convection created in the chimney, such that power consumed during an operation phase of the intercooler is less than during a start-up phase of the intercooler. 5. The system of claim 4, the intercooler further comprising a controller configured to: receive information about temperature in the chimney; based on the received information: selectively turn on the fan during time periods when a temperature in the chimney is below a threshold level; and selectively turn off the fan during time periods when the temperature in the chimney is at or above the threshold level. 6. A system comprising: a multi-stage compression engine including at least a first compressor and a second compressor and an intercooler positioned between the first compressor and the second compressor, the intercooler comprising: an air inlet configured to receive heated air from the first compressor and direct the heated air to a heat exchanger; the heat exchanger configured to receive the heated air and to expel cooled air, wherein a cooling fluid is directed through the heat exchanger; an air outlet configured to receive the cooled air and direct the cooled air to the second compressor; and a chimney positioned above the heat exchanger and adapted to capture the cooling fluid that is heated after having passed through the heat exchanger, wherein a natural convection created in the chimney by the captured heated cooling fluid tends to draw the cooling fluid through the heat exchanger. 7. The system of claim 6, the intercooler further comprising a fan configured to direct the cooling air fluid through the heat exchanger; wherein power consumed by the fan varies based on the natural convection created in the chimney, such that power consumed during an operation phase of the intercooler is less than during a start-up phase of the intercooler. 8. The system of claim 7, wherein the fan is selectively controllable to minimize power consumed by the fan when the natural convection in the chimney is drawing cooling fluid through the heat exchanger at a rate exceeding a threshold rate. 9. The system of claim 7, the intercooler further comprising a controller configured to: selectively turn on the fan during time periods when the natural convection is not drawing the cooling fluid through the heat exchanger at or above a threshold rate; and selectively turn off the fan during time periods when the natural convection is drawing the cooling fluid through the heat exchanger at or above the threshold rate. 10. The system of claim 7, the intercooler further comprising a controller configured to: receive information about temperature in the chimney; based on the received information: selectively turn on the fan during time periods when a temperature in the chimney is below a threshold level; and selectively turn off the fan during time periods when the temperature in the chimney is at or above the threshold level. 11. The system of claim 6, wherein the engine is a Brayton-cycle engine further comprising: a first turbine coupled to the first compressor; a second turbine coupled to the second compressor; wherein: air exiting the second compressor is heated and directed to the second turbine; air exiting the second turbine is directed to the first turbine. 12. The system of claim 11, further comprising a generator module coupled to the engine, the generator module comprising: a first generator coupled to the first compressor and the first turbine, wherein the first turbine provides mechanical energy to the first compressor and the first generator; and a second generator coupled to the second compressor and the second turbine, wherein the second turbine provides mechanical energy to the second compressor and the second generator. 13. The system of claim 6, wherein the multi-stage compression engine comprises a reciprocating engine with turbo-charging. 14. A method for intercooling comprising: receiving heated air from a first compressor in a multi-stage compression engine and directing the heated air to a heat exchanger; cooling the heated air in the heat exchanger with a cooling fluid; and providing a chimney positioned above the heat exchanger and adapted to capture the cooling fluid that is heated after having passed through the heat exchanger, wherein a natural convection created in the chimney by the captured heated cooling fluid tends to draw the cooling fluid through the heat exchanger. 15. The method of claim 14, further comprising: selectively operating a fan adapted to draw the cooling fluid through the heat exchanger during time periods when the natural convection is not drawing the cooling fluid through the heat exchanger at or above a threshold rate; and selectively turning off the fan during time periods when the natural convection is drawing the cooling fluid through the heat exchanger at or above the threshold rate. 16. The method of claim 15, further comprising: monitoring a temperature of the cooling fluid in the chimney; and based on the temperature, selectively operating or turning off the fan. 17. The method of claim 14, wherein the multi-stage compression engine comprises a Brayton-cycle engine. 18. The method of claim 14, wherein the first compressor is coupled to a first turbine, the method further comprising; directing air expelled from the heat exchanger into a second compressor that is coupled to a second turbine; directing air exiting the second compressor into the second turbine; and directing air exiting the second turbine into the first turbine. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein at least one of the air directed into the first turbine or the air directed into the second turbine is preheated by solar heat received from a receiver adapted to receiver solar rays from a plurality of heliostats before being directed into the respective second turbine. 