A solar panel sun-tracing equipment includes a support stand unit comprising multiple stands, an axle holder pivotally supported on the stands and a plurality of transverse rods pivotally mounted in the elongated axle holder, a plurality of solar panels supported on the transverse rod, and a power drive comprising a first driving mechanism operable to move the elongated axle holder in biasing the solar panels in the X-axis direction and a second driving mechanism operable to move the elongated axle holder in biasing the solar panels in the Y-axis direction.
Claims 1. A solar panel sun-tracing equipment, comprising: a support stand unit comprising a first stand and at least one second stand, each of said first stand and said at least one second stand comprising an axle block located on a top side thereof, an elongated axle holder pivotally supported on said axle blocks of said stands and a plurality of transverse rods pivotally mounted in said elongated axle holder and spaced along the length of said elongated axle holder; a plurality of solar panels respectively supported on said transverse rods and symmetrically disposed at two opposite lateral sides relative to said elongated axle holder; and a power drive comprising a first driving mechanism adapted for rotating said elongated axle holder to bias said solar panels in a first direction and a second driving mechanism adapted for rotating said transverse rods to bias said solar panels in a second direction perpendicular to said first direction. 2. The solar panel sun-tracing equipment as claimed in claim 1, wherein the axle block of said first stand comprises a pivot hole; the axle block of each said second stand comprises an axle bearing; said elongated axle holder comprises a longitudinal channel extending along the length thereof, a pivot pin axially extended from one end thereof and pivotally coupled to the pivot hole of the axle block of said first stand, a plurality of transverse openings spaced along the length thereof and extending across said longitudinal channel, a plurality of bearing blocks respectively disposed in said longitudinal channel corresponding to said transverse openings and respectively pivotally coupled to the axle bearing at the axle block of each said second stand. 3. The solar panel sun-tracing equipment as claimed in claim 2, wherein the axle block of each said second stand comprises two circular arc cambers bilaterally disposed at a top side thereof corresponding to one respective transverse opening of said elongated axle holder. 4. The solar panel sun-tracing equipment as claimed in claim 1, wherein said first driving mechanism comprises a motor mount mounted in the axle block of said first stand of said support stand unit, a first transmission gear box affixed to said motor mount, a first reciprocating rod coupled to and axially movable in and out of said first transmission gear box, a first motor fixedly mounted on said motor mount and coupled with a transmission gear of said first transmission gear box and operable to move said first reciprocating rod in and out of said first transmission gear box, and a curved link having one end thereof pivotally connected to a distal end of said first reciprocating rod by a pivot and an opposite end thereof fixedly connected with said elongated axle holder. 5. The solar panel sun-tracing equipment as claimed in claim 1, wherein said first driving mechanism comprises a motor mount mounted in the axle block of said first stand of said support stand unit, a first motor fixedly mounted on said motor mount, a worm gear coupled to said first motor through a speed reduction gear, and a sector gear fixedly mounted on said elongated axle holder and meshed with said worm gear. 6. The solar panel sun-tracing equipment as claimed in claim 1, wherein said first driving mechanism comprises a motor mount mounted in the axle block of said first stand of said support stand unit, a first motor fixedly mounted on said motor mount, a driving gear coupled to said first motor through a speed reduction gear, and a sector gear fixedly mounted on said elongated axle holder and meshed with said driving gear. 7. The solar panel sun-tracing equipment as claimed in claim 1, wherein said second driving mechanism is mounted in the longitudinal channel of said elongated axle holder, comprising a second transmission gear box, a second reciprocating rod coupled to and axially movable in and out of said second transmission gear box in the longitudinal channel of said elongated axle holder for biasing said transverse rods. 8. The solar panel sun-tracing equipment as claimed in claim 7, wherein said second driving mechanism further comprises an elongated link coupled between said second reciprocating rod and said transverse rods, said elongated link having a transverse through hole located on one end thereof and pivotally coupled to distal end of said second reciprocating rod by a pivot pin. 9. The solar panel sun-tracing equipment as claimed in claim 7, wherein each transverse rod of said elongated axle holder comprises protruded actuating portion; said second driving mechanism further comprises an elongated link coupled between said second reciprocating rod and said transverse rods, said elongated link comprising a plurality of transverse through holes respectively coupled with a distal end of said second reciprocating rod and the protruded actuating portions of said transverse rods of said elongated axle holder by respective pivot pins. 10. The solar panel sun-tracing equipment as claimed in claim 7, wherein said elongated axle holder comprises a plurality of supporting blocks respectively disposed in said longitudinal channel and spaced from one another along said longitudinal channel at a predetermined distance, each said supporting block having two transverse through holes disposed at two opposite lateral sides thereof for the mounting of one said transverse rod. 11. The solar panel sun-tracing equipment as claimed in claim 1, wherein said support stand unit further comprises a plurality of brackets respectively fastened to two opposite ends of each of said transverse rods for supporting said solar panels. 