A mounting assembly (1) for a solar panel, comprising beams (10), pressing blocks (30) and a plurality of anti-slip blocks (40), said beams (10) are paralleled and transversely fixed to installation part outdoors, and the upper portion of said beam (10) is provided with a long groove (101) along the longitudinal direction of the beam, and the opposing side walls of said long groove (101) extended to said groove (101) to form a supporting portion (102), one end of said anti-slip block (30) is slidably inserted into said long groove (101), the other end of said anti-slip block (30) is loaded on said supporting portion (102) and is fixed to the back of said solar panel, and said pressing block (20) is pushed and pressed on the side edge of said solar panel and is fixed to said beam (10). The installation of solar panel can be realized by inserting the anti-slip block (30) in the back of solar panel into the long groove (101) of beam (10), the operation is easy and can bring amazing stability; furthermore, spare of the setting of strengthened rib with great span disposed on the solar panel, only if the use of beam (10) and anti-slip block (40) with small volume, further simplifying the mounting structure and saving material, so as to reduce the cost of human source and material. Besides, a method for assembling solar panel is disclosed in the present invention.
Claims 1. A mounting assembly adapted for fixing a borderless solar panel outdoors, comprising: beams; pressing blocks; and a plurality of anti-slip blocks, wherein said beams are paralleled and transversely fixed to an installation part outdoors, and the upper portion of said beam is provided with a long groove along the longitudinal direction of the beam to provide one end of said anti-slip block inserting and sliding therein, and the opposing side walls of said long groove extended to said groove to form a supporting portion, one end of said anti-slip block is slidably inserted into said long groove, and the other end of said anti-slip block is loaded on said supporting portion and is fixed to the back of said solar panel, and said pressing block is pushed and pressed on the side edge of said solar panel and is fixed to said beam. 2. The mounting assembly of claim 1, wherein said anti-slip blocks are located on the lower portion of the back of said solar panel, and it is provided with at least a group of said anti-slip blocks which have the same distance away from the lower edge of said solar panel, and said one group of anti-slip blocks have at least two paralleled anti-slip blocks with the same distance away from the lower edge. 3. The mounting assembly of claim 2, wherein said anti-slip blocks are located on the upper portion of the back of said solar panel, and it is provided with at least a group of said anti-slip blocks which have the same distance away from the upper edge of said solar panel, and said one group of anti-slip blocks have at least two paralleled anti-slip blocks with the same distance away from the upper edge. 4. The mounting assembly of claim 3, wherein said anti-slip block is provided with a bonding portion, said bonding portion extended from one side to form a pressing portion, and said bonding portion is adhesively coupled with the back of said solar panel, said pressing portion is slidably inserted into the long groove of said beam. 5. The mounting assembly of claim 4, wherein said bonding portion of said anti-slip block is sticked on the back of said solar panel by means of adhesive tape or/and adhesives. 6. The mounting assembly of claim 1, wherein said supporting portion of the beam is provided with a rubber pad. 7. The mounting assembly of claim 1, wherein said pressing block has a pressing portion and a raised portion extended from one side of said pressing portion, and said raised portion has a sunk groove provided to retain said supporting portion of the beam, and said pressing portion is provided with a linking hole run through said raised portion, and said sunk groove of said raised portion is retainably connected to hold the supporting portion of said beam, and said pressing portion is pressed to a side edge of said solar panel, and said pressing block is connected to said beam through the fitting of a bolt and said linking hole. 8. The mounting assembly of claim 1, further comprising a corner brace with a linking portion, wherein said linking portion is bended and extended to form a fixing portion, said linking portion is fixed to said beam with dentate engagement, and said fixing portion is fixed to said installation part outdoors. 9. The mounting assembly of claim 8, wherein the material of said beam, pressing block, anti-slip block and corner brace is aluminium. 10. A method for mounting solar panels, comprising: (1) providing a plurality of anti-slip blocks and fixing said anti-slip blocks on the back of said solar panel in different position; (2) providing a plurality of beams and fixing said beams on an installation part outdoors transversely and parallelly; (3) inserting said anti-slip block which is adhered to said solar panel into the long groove of said beam for loading said solar panel on said beam; (4) pressing and pushing a pressing block on the side edge of said solar panel and fixing said pressing block to said beam by screw; and (5) repeating the above steps of (3)-(4) until finishing the installation of a plurality of solar panels. 