Remote marker systems are disclosed for marking a target using optical markers, including systems that allow a target to be marked using a remote optical marking device, as well as photochromic solutions and methods of their preparation.
Claims 1. A remote marking system comprising at least one marker unit and at least one target, wherein: said marker unit comprises at least one emitter configured to emit at least one tracer signal; and said target comprises at least one receiving medium configured to change its state upon reception of said tracer signal thereby recording the position at which said tracer signal is received. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein said emitter is configured to emit electromagnetic radiation, wherein said electromagnetic radiation is selected from the group consisting of: visible light, infrared, ultraviolet and radio waves. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein at least one said receiving medium comprises a photosensitive material selected from the group consisting of: photochromic materials, photoluminescent materials, phosphorescent materials, thermochromic materials and polarizing materials. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein at least one said receiving medium comprises a photosensitive material selected from the group consisting of: a matrix of photosensitive electronic components selected from the group consisting of: photodiodes, photovoltaic cells, photodetectors, photomultipliers and photoconductors. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein said target comprises at least one target region comprising a receiving medium configured its appearance in a detectable manner upon reception of said tracer signal. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein said target comprises a plurality of target regions, wherein a first target region comprises a first receiving medium selected such that upon reception of said tracer signal, said first receiving medium changes its appearance in a first detectable manner distinct from a second receiving medium of at least one other target region. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein said target comprises a plurality of target regions, each of said target region comprising: a first receiving medium selected such that upon reception of said tracer signal, the color of at least a section of said target region turns red; a second receiving medium selected such that upon reception of said tracer signal, the color of at least a section of said target region turns green; a third receiving medium selected such that upon reception of said tracer signal, the color of at least a section of said target region turns blue; and a fourth receiving medium selected such that upon reception of said tracer signal, the color of at least a section of said target region turns black. 8. The system of claim 7, wherein said plurality of target regions is an array of pixels. 9. The system of claim 7, wherein said plurality of target regions is extended into three dimensions such that said plurality of target region is an array of voxels. 10. The system of claim 1 incorporated into a device selected from the group consisting of: a device for providing a demonstration in a science center, a visual display unit, a harmonograph, a toy, a flow monitor and a writing apparatus. 11. The system of claim 1 further comprising a concentrator configured to increase the intensity of the tracer signal, wherein said concentrator comprises a beam focusing device such as a converging lens, a concave reflector, an array of angled reflectors and the like. 12. A photochromic solution comprising a photochromic material and a base solvent. 13. The photochromic solution of claim 12, wherein the photochromic material is a photochromic dye comprising a compound selected from the consisting of a spiro-oxazine compound, a naphthopyran compound, a spiropyrans compound, a triarylmethane compound, a stilbene compound, an azastilbene compound, a nitrone compound, a fulgide compound, a diarylethylene compound, a quinine compound and any combination thereof. 14. The photochromic solution of claim 12, wherein the base solvent is an organic solvent selected from the group consisting of a hydrocarbon, an oil, a paraffin oil, mineral oil, kerosene, a polar aprotic solvent, an ether, a polar protic solvent, benzene, toluene, xylene, hexane, chloroform, methylene chloride, carbon disulfide, dimethyl sulfoxide, acetone, methyl ethyl ketone, ethyl acetate, acetonitrile, tetrahydrofuran, dioxane, methanol, ethanol, methyl cellosolve, ethyl cellosolve, and any mixture thereof. 15. The photochromic solution of claim 14, wherein the base solvent is a paraffin oil. 16. The photochromic solution of claim 14, wherein the base solvent is a combination of a paraffin oil and toluene. 17. A method of preparing a photochromic solution, the method comprising the steps of (1) providing a starter solution comprising a photochromic material and a first base solvent; and (2) mixing the starter solution to a second base solvent. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein the photochromic material is a photochromic dye comprising a compound selected from the consisting of a spiro-oxazine compound, a naphthopyran compound, a spiropyrans compound, a triarylmethane compound, a stilbene compound, an azastilbene compound, a nitrone compound, a fulgide compound, a diarylethylene compound, a quinine compound and any combination thereof. 19. The method of claim 17, wherein the first base solvent is toluene. 20. The method of claim 17, wherein the second base solvent is a paraffin oil. 