The invention relates to a detector (110) for the detection of ionizing radiation (116). The detector (110) comprises at least one scintillator (112) which is adapted to convert the ionizing radiation (116) to electromagnetic radiation (118), especially to visible, ultraviolet or infrared light. The detector (110) further comprises at least one organic photovoltaic element (114) which is adapted to convert the electromagnetic radiation (118) to at least one electrical signal (120).
Claims 1. A detector for detecting ionizing radiation, comprising at least one scintillator, the scintillator being configured to convert the ionizing radiation to electromagnetic radiation, in particular to visible, ultraviolet or infrared light, the detector furthermore comprising at least one organic photovoltaic element, the organic photovoltaic element being configured to convert the electromagnetic radiation to at least one electrical signal. 2. The detector according to claim 1, wherein the scintillator includes at least one organic scintillator material. 3. The detector according to claim 1, wherein the organic photovoltaic element includes at least one organic solar cell and/or at least one organic photodiode, in particular at least one organic solar cell array and/or at least one organic photodiode array. 4. The detector according to claim 1, furthermore comprising at least one amplifier for amplifying the electrical signal, in particular an amplifier which includes at least one organic electronic element and preferably an organic transistor. 5. The detector according to claim 1, wherein the detector is configured to generate an item of dose information about a radiation dose of the ionizing radiation from the electrical signal. 6. The detector according to claim 1, wherein the organic photovoltaic element is designed to be at least partially flexible, in particular as a film, preferably as a plastic film. 7. The detector according to claim 1, furthermore comprising at least one display element, the display element being configured to convert the electrical signal to at least one output signal that is perceptible to a user, in particular an optical output signal. 8. The detector according to claim 1, wherein the organic photovoltaic element includes at least one array of organic photovoltaic elements, the display element including an array of display elements, fields in the array of organic photovoltaic elements being assigned to fields in the array of display elements. 9. The detector according to claim 1, wherein the display element includes at least one organic light-emitting element, in particular at least one organic light-emitting diode, in particular an organic light-emitting diode array. 10. The detector according to claim 1, wherein the detector has a layer structure, the scintillator and the organic photovoltaic element and preferably the display element being situated above each other in layers. 11. A coating for application to surfaces that are potentially contaminated by contaminants generating ionizing radiation, the coating having at least one detector according to claim 1, relating to a detector. 12. A cleaning device, in particular a cleaning cloth, for cleaning surfaces that are potentially contaminated by contaminants generating ionizing radiation, the cleaning device being designed to be at least partially flexible and having at least one detector according to claim 1, relating to a detector. 13. An irradiation system, comprising at least one radiation source for generating ionizing radiation, furthermore comprising at least one detector according to claim 1, relating to a detector which is situated in a beam path of the irradiation system. 14. A method for detecting contaminants generating ionizing radiation, in particular radioactive contaminants, at least one detector according to claim 1, relating to a detector being brought close to an object that is potentially contaminated by the contaminants, the detector being mounted, in particular, on the object and/or used to rub the object, at least one output signal of the detector being monitored, and a presence or absence of the contaminants being inferred from the output signal. 15. A method for monitoring an irradiation system, the irradiation system having at least one radiation source for generating ionizing radiation, at least one detector according to claim 1, relating to a detector being situated in a beam path of the irradiation system, in particular at a beam outlet of the ionizing radiation. 