A hand sanitizer dispenser that automatically dispenses a certain amount of hand sanitizer when a motion and proximity sensor detects the presence of a user's hand. The hand sanitizer dispenser uniquely stores the hand sanitizer in the shaft of the dispenser to strategically use the space within the housing to store a large amount of hand sanitizer while providing a compact and sleek dispenser. The hand sanitizer dispenser is self-contained such that it is portable and can be conveniently placed at any location as the need arises. The hand sanitizer dispenser optionally may include a compact display that displays static or dynamic graphic or information to the user and/or a global positioning system. The display is adjustable to any orientation, tilt or angle to allow the dispenser to fit into all areas and to provide maximum exposure.
Claims 1. A device for dispensing hand sanitizer comprising: a. a housing having a base portion, an elongated shaft portion extending from said base portion, and a dispensing portion at the distal end of the said shaft portion, wherein said dispensing portion having a dispensing spout; b. a motion and proximity sensor on said housing; c. a bottle of hand sanitizer stored within said shaft portion; d. a pump unit within said housing for extracting the hand sanitizer from said bottle; e. means for delivering the hand sanitizer from said pump unit to said dispensing spout and f. a power source located in said housing providing power to said motion and proximity sensor and said pump unit via at least one wire; wherein upon said motion and proximity sensor detecting the presence of a user's hand, said pump unit extracts a certain amount of hand sanitizer from said bottle for dispensing via said delivering means to said dispensing spout. 2. The device of claim 1 wherein the widest dimension on a horizontal plane of said dispensing portion is less than two times the widest dimension on a horizontal plane of said shaft portion. 3. The device of claim 1 wherein the widest dimension on a horizontal plane of said dispensing portion is less than two and a half times the widest dimension on a horizontal plane of said shaft portion. 4. The device of claim 1 further comprising a display portion at the top of said shall portion wherein said display portion comprises a display screen powered by said power source via at least one wire. 5. The device of claim 4 wherein said display portion further comprises at least one speaker powered by said power source via at least one wire. 6. The device of claim 1 further comprising electronic circuitry within said housing powered by said power source via at least one wire that monitors and keeps track of the usage of said device. 7. The device of claim 1 wherein said power source comprises batteries. 8. The device of claim 1 wherein said power source comprises at least one solar panel and a converter for converting solar energy. 9. The device of claim 1 wherein said power source comprises an AC adaptor, a plug and a length of electrical cord retractably stored within said base portion connecting said AC adaptor to said plug. 10. The device of claim 1 further comprising a global positioning system within said housing and powered by said power source that provides the location of said device. 11. The device of claim 1 further comprising an iPad device at the top of said shaft portion. 12. The device of claim 4 further comprising an interface port within said housing for importing data for said display screen. 13. The device of claim 6 further comprising an interface port within said housing for exporting said usage data of said device to a remote location. 14. The device of claim 4 further comprising a wireless modem within said housing and powered by said power source for receiving data for said display screen. 15. The device of claim 6 further comprising a wireless modem within said housing and powered by said power source for transmitting said usage data of said device to a remote location. 16. The device of claim 4 further comprising a data storage device for storing data for said display screen. 17. The device of claim 6 further comprising a data storage device for storing said usage data. 18. The device of claim 1 wherein said bottle is sized to be substantially the entire length and space of said shaft portion. 19. The device of claim 1 wherein said shaft portion having a removable access panel to provide access to the space within said shaft portion. 20. The device of claim 19 further comprising means for locking said access panel to said shaft portion to enclose the space within said shaft portion. 21. The device of claim 4 wherein said display portion further comprises means for positioning said display portion in any orientation, angle and tilt. 22. The device of claim 1 wherein the widest dimension on a horizontal plane of said display portion is less than four times the widest dimension on a horizontal plane of said shaft portion. 23. The device of claim 4 wherein said display portion is powered on upon said motion and proximity sensor detecting the presence of a user nearby. 24. The device of claim 10 wherein said global positioning system further comprises a supplemental positioning system using cell site triangulation. 25. The device of claim 1 further comprises means for positioning said dispensing portion in any angle and tilt. 26. A system for a content provider to monitor information for a plurality of hand sanitizer dispensers that display the content provider's content, comprising: a. a master database and control having means for storing information for the plurality of hand sanitizer dispensers; b. a plurality of hand sanitizer dispenser, each dispenser comprises: i. a housing having a base portion, an elongated shaft portion extending from said base portion, and a dispensing portion at the distal end of the said shaft portion, said dispensing portion having a dispensing spout; ii. a motion and proximity sensor on said housing; iii. a bottle of hand sanitizer stored within said shaft portion; iv. a pump unit within said housing for extracting the hand sanitizer from said bottle; v. means for delivering the hand sanitizer from said pump unit to said dispensing spout; vi. a display portion at the top of said shaft portion wherein said display portion comprises a display screen for displaying the content provider's content; vii. a global positioning system within said housing that provides information on the location of said dispenser; viii. means for communicating said information for said dispenser to said master database and control; ix. a power source located in said housing providing power to said motion and proximity sensor, said pump unit, said display screen, and said global positioning system, via at least one wire; wherein upon said motion and proximity sensor detecting the presence of a user's hand, said pump unit extracts a certain amount of hand sanitizer from said bottle for dispensing via said delivering means to said dispensing spout; c. means for accessing said storing means of said master database and control by said content provider to view the information for each dispenser. 27. The system of claim 26 wherein said dispenser further comprises electronic circuitry within said housing powered by said power source via at least one wire that monitors and provides information on the usage of said dispenser such that said content provider may also view such usage information in said storing means of said master database and control via said accessing means. 