A panel mount includes a support structure, a strongback coupled to the support structure, and an adjustment assembly coupled between the strongback and the support structure. The adjustment assembly includes a lift mechanism configured to adjust an angle between the strongback and the support structure.
Claims 1. A panel mount comprises: a support structure; a strongback coupled to said support structure; and an adjustment assembly coupled between said strongback and said support structure, said adjustment assembly comprises a lift mechanism configured to adjust an angle between said strongback and said support structure. 2. A panel mount in accordance with claim 1 further comprising a support grid coupled to said strongback, wherein said support grid is configured to support at least one panel. 3. A panel mount in accordance with claim 2, wherein said support grid comprises a plurality of module rails and a plurality of crossbars coupled to said plurality of module rails. 4. A panel mount in accordance with claim 3, wherein each module rail of said plurality of module rails comprises an angled metal rail configured to couple the at least one panel thereto. 5. A panel mount in accordance with claim 3, wherein said support grid further comprises a plurality of crossbar extensions extending from a respective crossbar of said plurality of crossbars. 6. A panel mount in accordance with claim 3, wherein said plurality of crossbars are coupled to said strongback. 7. A panel mount in accordance with claim 1, wherein said lift mechanism comprises a first portion, a second portion, and a crank configured to move said first portion and said second portion relative to each other to adjust a length of said lift mechanism. 8. A panel mount in accordance with claim 7, wherein said lift mechanism further comprises a set screw configured to maintain a selected length of said lift mechanism. 9. A panel mount in accordance with claim 1, wherein said adjustment assembly further comprises a mounting sleeve coupled to said support structure, said mounting sleeve configured to support said panel mount on said support structure. 10. A panel mount in accordance with claim 9, wherein said adjustment assembly further comprises a pivot bar rotatably coupled to at least one of said mounting sleeve and said strongback. 11. A panel mount in accordance with claim 9, wherein said lift mechanism is rotatably coupled to said mounting sleeve and rotatably coupled to said strongback. 12. A panel mount in accordance with claim 1 further comprises a gauge coupled to said strongback and configured to indicate the angle. 13. A panel assembly comprises: a support structure; at least one panel; and a panel mount coupled to said support structure and configured to support said at least one panel, said panel mount comprises: a support grid coupled to said at least one panel; a strongback coupled to said support grid; and an adjustment assembly coupled between said strongback and said support structure, said adjustment assembly comprises a lift mechanism configured to adjust an angle between said strongback and said support structure. 14. A panel assembly in accordance with claim 13, wherein said panel comprises a solar panel. 15. A panel assembly in accordance with claim 13, wherein said support grid comprises a plurality of module rails and a plurality of crossbars coupled to said plurality of module rails, each module rail of said plurality of module rails comprising an angled metal rail configured to couple the at least one panel thereto, said plurality of crossbars coupled to said strongback. 16. A panel assembly in accordance with claim 15, wherein said support grid further comprises a plurality of crossbar extensions extending from a respective crossbar of said plurality of crossbars. 17. A panel assembly in accordance with claim 13, wherein said adjustment assembly further comprises: a mounting sleeve coupled to said support structure, said mounting sleeve configured to support said panel mount on said support structure, wherein said lift mechanism is rotatably coupled to said mounting sleeve and rotatably coupled to said strongback; and a pivot bar rotatably coupled to at least one of said mounting sleeve and said strongback. 18. A panel assembly in accordance with claim 13, wherein said lift mechanism comprises a crank configured to adjust a length of said lift mechanism. 19. A panel assembly in accordance with claim 18, wherein said lift mechanism comprises a first portion and a second portion, said crank configured to move said first portion and said second portion relative to each other to adjust the length of said lift mechanism. 20. A method for making a panel mount, said method comprising: coupling a support grid to a strongback; coupling the strongback to a mounting sleeve via a pivot bar; and rotatably coupling a lift assembly to the mounting sleeve and the strongback, the lift mechanism configured to adjust an angle between the strongback and the mounting sleeve. 