Homeland Intelligence Systems Technology "H-LIST" and battlefield apparatus comprises nano-sensors embedded in a silicon substrate and etched/fused in a micro-fibered material. The silicon substrate is alloyed with miniaturized steel responsive to weapons, preventing bullet penetration and providing effective detection platform on an outfit. The outfit is operable for monitoring suspicious terrorist activities and for tracking biological and chemical gases, and explosives, including weapons of mass destruction and physiological conditions of personnel. Disclosed embodiments provide wearable detection apparatus comprising plurality sensors on an outfit configured to be worn by military personnel, an officer, a security officer, a bus driver, hostesses, Doctors, civil establishment hospital patients and the like, for protection and for sensing deadly gases, explosives, and physiological conditions in a defined area. A receptor is operatively configured and worn proximate to the outfit responsive to detection signals. The receptor is communicatively connected to the sensors and operable for receiving/analyzing detection signal communications wirelessly indicative of the presence of a sensed agent, whereby detected signals are transported wirelessly to a central security monitoring station, providing communications to first responders. The communications could be reachable to backup security personnel or agents, prompting them to respond to the vicinity of the detection. The sensors are multifunctional and coded to recognize wavelike pattern of gases and explosives traveling through the wave. Embodiments provide the outfit and the receptor being operable to process the portion of the detection signal to determine the detection type and/or whether there is a concealed object by conducting a test in which a first characteristic of a first dielectric constant associated with a person is determined, and a second characteristic of a second dielectric constant associated with the concealed object and or weapons of mass destruction is determined to expedite data transmission and communication to first responders.
Claims 1. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus for detecting weapons of mass destructions and for monitoring physiological conditions of a person; comprising: at least a wearable apparatus; at least a communication apparatus in communication with said wearable apparatus; and at least a sensor apparatus disposed with said wearable apparatus. 2. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 1, wherein said wearable apparatus comprises at least an outfit. 3. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 1, wherein said wearable apparatus comprises is worn by at least a person. 4. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 1, wherein said wearable apparatus comprises at least a military camouflage. 5. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 1, wherein said sensor apparatus comprises at least a tire apparatus comprising a detection platform. 6. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 5, wherein said tire apparatus configured to detect at least one of: weapons of mass destructions; tire pressure; tire temperature; tire balance; contextual characteristics influential to tire pressure change; contextual characteristics influential to environmental change; contextual characteristics influential to proper vehicle operation; explosives; battlefield environmental conditions. 7. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 1, wherein said wearable apparatus configured with means to power itself. 8. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 1, wherein said wearable apparatus comprises means to detect at least one of: sound; voice; weapons of mass destructions; personnel locations/positions; personnel physiological conditions; biological agent; chemical agent; nuclear agent; explosives; concealed weapons; bleeding. 9. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 1, wherein said wearable apparatus further comprises a protective apparatus configured with at least miniaturized alloyed material to further prevent at least bullet penetration. 10. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 1, wherein said wearable apparatus further comprises at least a platform for detection; further comprising means for converting at least one of: solar energy; sound wave; vibration; motion; force/pressure; wind; into electrical energy to power itself. 11. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 1, wherein said wearable apparatus comprises at least one of: GPS device; detection device; communication device; mobile device; portable device; transportable device; wireless device; DNA device; network device. 12. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 1, wherein said communication apparatus communicatively connected to said wearable apparatus to perform at least one of: analyze detection signal; enable wireless communications to at least a remote station; enable communications to at least a command post; enable peer to peer communications. 13. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 1, wherein said communication apparatus further comprises at least an energy platform operable to generate electrical energy to power itself. 14. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 1, wherein said communication apparatus further comprises multiple antenna apparatus disposed in at least a chip. 15. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 1, wherein said communication apparatus further comprises multiple antenna apparatus comprising on chip CMOS silicon substrate. 16. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 1, wherein said communication apparatus further configured with on chip signal booster apparatus. 17. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 1, wherein said communication apparatus further configured with said sensor apparatus to provide at least a detection platform. 18. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 1, wherein said communication apparatus comprises at least an input/output device comprising at least a computer apparatus configured with at least a display apparatus comprising at least one of: at least a keyboard; at least a graphic user interface. 19. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 1, wherein said communication apparatus in communication with at least a microprocessor in association with at least a CMOS configured with at least one of: at least one antenna apparatus; at least a meta-material; said antenna apparatus is further opened on at least one end and shorted on at least one end; further comprises CMOS intra-chip antennas comprising at least one of: a radio frequency transceiver; an RF transmitter; an IR transmitter; a transducer; an IR transceiver; a receiver; a transmitter. 20. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 1, wherein said communication apparatus further comprises at least one of: at least a video communication apparatus; at least a SIM card processor; at least a communication controller; at least a media device; at least an entertainment device; at least a memory device; at least a search engine module; at least a storage device; at least an intra-chip device; at least an IC card processor; at least a faster data transmission device operable at speed of at least 5 GHz frequency; at least a faster data transmission device operable at speed of at least 20 GHz frequency; at least a faster data transmission device operable at speed of at least 60 GHz frequency. 21. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 1, wherein said sensor apparatus comprises at least one of: a detection device; WLAN device; WPAN device; MVPN device; MPLS device; a WBAN device; a search engine device; a browser device; a router module; a traffic module; a tunnel module; a network apparatus. 22. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 1, wherein said communication apparatus further comprises power management module configured to control power flow from at least a source to at least one of: an energy storage medium; a battery cell; a capacitor; a cell apparatus; a microprocessor module; a CMOS antenna apparatus; and wherein said at least one source further include at least one of: carbon char; carbon black; metal sulfides; metal oxides; organic materials; textile fibers; zinc oxide (ZnO); nano-wires; piezoelectric crystals; a sensory layer; wet etching; dry etching; electron-silicon substrate-oxide; metal oxide semiconductor; optical properties; glass fiber; substrate micro fiber; cell platform; solar cell; meta-material; wherein said at least one source is alloyed with silicon substrate microfiber/nano-fiber material. 23. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 1, wherein said communication apparatus further configured with at least one of: signal amplifier comprising at least a variable gain module; social network platform; video recognition platform; voice over text platform; text to voice enabled/conversion platform; TDMA platform; WCDMA platform; CDMA platform; TDMB platform; digital/analog/GSM platform; GPS platform; GPRS platform; TIHW platform; MFSCD platform; frequency authentication platform; multiple input/output platform; EDGSM platform; EDMA platform; OFDM platform; OFDMA platform; Wi-Fi platform; Wi-Max platform; wireless library platform; educational module; touch screen sensory platform; phone book; electronic book; electronic reader; dictionary; calendar; calculator; Internet service applications; energy generating apparatus; gaming apparatus; multiple paths switching antenna; Internet service connectivity operable for global roaming. 24. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 1, wherein said communication apparatus further comprises semiconductor circuit board configured with CMOS multiple antennas on at least a chip; comprising at least one of: baseband analog digital circuit; multi-antenna receiver front-end; spatial multiplexing; spatial diversity; beam forming; orthogonal code-modulation; multi-antenna signal paths; matched filters; path-sharing of multiple RF signals; single pole switchable antenna; integrated antenna switch in CMOS SOI substrate; phased antenna array configured with a programmable phase shift; multiple RF/baseband chains; Code-Modulated Path-Sharing Multi-Antenna receiver; non orthogonal code-modulation receiver; shared-path blocks. 25. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 1, wherein said wearable apparatus and/or said communication apparatus comprises force responsive sensors formed in at least one of: a deformable area of the wearable/communication apparatus; a substantially non-deformable area of the wearable/communication apparatus; said force responsive sensor operable to perform at least one of: calculate an applied force on at least a surface based on at least a change in resistance in at least a force sensitive portion; activate at least a component configured to execute a plurality of actions in response to at least a force value; wherein said change in resistance controls an intensity of an action based on said force value, wherein at least an action is selected from a plurality of actions based on the force value. 26. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 1, wherein said communication apparatus operable to perform at least one of: transmitting signal communications to at least a communication network; receiving signal communications from at least a communication network; sending information to identify the communication network; sending information to identify the type of communication apparatus requesting communications with the communication network. 27. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus; comprising: at least a vessel apparatus; at least a turbine assembly disposed with said vessel apparatus; and said turbine assembly in communication with at least a generator assembly. 28. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 27, wherein said turbine assembly is configured to generate renewable electrical energy. 29. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 27, wherein said vessel apparatus is configured with at least one of: a pump apparatus; a storage apparatus; an evaporator chamber; a condenser chamber; an electrolysis apparatus. 30. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 27, wherein said vessel apparatus configured for producing energy. 31. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 30, wherein said energy comprises at least one of: electrical energy; desalinated water; hydrogen; methane; salt; oxygen; burnable oil. 32. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 27, wherein said vessel apparatus further comprises at least one of: a transportable vessel; a fixed vessel; a submersible vessel; a mobile vessel; a propel-able vessel; a drive-able vessel. 33. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 30, wherein said energy may be produced on demand. 34. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 27, wherein said vessel apparatus comprises at least energy platform. 35. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 34 wherein said vessel apparatus is crane loaded. 36. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 27, wherein said vessel apparatus is motor driven. 37. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 27, wherein said vessel apparatus is disposed on at least an ocean. 38. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 27, wherein said vessel apparatus is further configured to provide homeland and/or battlefield personnel with at least one of: drinkable water; electrical energy; electrification; hydrogen; burnable oil; salt; renewable energy; transportable energy; transformable energy; methane. 39. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 30, wherein said energy may be transportable via grids. 40. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 27, wherein said vessel apparatus is an offshore energy plant. 41. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 1, wherein said communication apparatus comprises at least one of: a detection device; WLAN device; WPAN device; MVPN device; MPLS device; a search engine device; a browser device; a network apparatus. 42. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 1, wherein said communication apparatus comprises CMOS multiple antenna on chip apparatus configured to perform at least one of: convert electromagnetic energy into electrical energy; convert at least one of: sound, wind force, motion, vibration, solar energy into electrical energy; boost signal communications; amplify signal communications; accelerate data transmission; accelerate data download; monitor battlefield communications; monitor enemy communication lines. 43. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 31, wherein said energy further comprises at least one of: drinkable; burnable; useable; transportable; renewable; cookable; process-able; produce-able; transformable; electrifiable; loadable; storable; transmittable; radiate-able; and may be produce on demand. 44. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 1, wherein said sensor apparatus embedded in at least a silicon substrate and fused/etched in at least a micro-fibered material comprising at least a material with at least electrical characteristics. 45. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 1, further comprises apparatus for measuring heart rate. 46. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 1, wherein said communication apparatus further comprises at least one of: command post; local area network; wireless network; a GPS antenna; at least a support system in communication with at least a network; a cache engine; a neural network; a private virtual network; a multiprotocol label switching; at least a neural network in communication with at least a cache engine; at least a cache engine responsive to at least referenced document topics of information. 47. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 1, wherein said wearable apparatus further comprises at least a sensor means responsive to at least characteristics influential to environmental change. 48. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 1, wherein said sensor apparatus further comprises at least nanotechnology application comprising at least one of: MEMS; RFID; CMOS; silicon; substrate; polymers; microfiber/nano-fiber; EPROM; processor. 49. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 27, wherein said vessel apparatus further comprises at least a floating platform. 50. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 27, wherein said vessel apparatus further disposed with at least one of: mooring apparatus; desalination apparatus; storage apparatus; hydrogen apparatus; energy apparatus; hydropower apparatus; water current energy extraction apparatus. 51. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 1, wherein said communication apparatus further comprises at least one of: apparatus for converting at least electromagnetic radiation into electrical energy; internet protocol network device; integrated access device; compiler apparatus; tunnel control module; network device module; network address translator implementation module; voice over tunnel protocol telephone; voice call module; network to network connectivity module; a cable modem; a digital subscriber line modem; a set-top-box; apparatus for forwarding traffic to remote network devices; a router; a computer game console; traffic source and destination address module; traffic/tunnel rule implementation module; a personal computer "PC." 52. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 1, wherein said communication apparatus further configured for enabling at least one of: faster data transmission; wireless cognitive connectivity; mm-wave connectivity; signal booster; energy saver; front-end baseband; spectrum sensing; digital CMOS transceiver; CMOS system-in-package; wireless transceiver; wireless body area networks "WBAN;" software defined communications "SDC;" software defined radios "SDR;" programmable flexible baseband platform; scalable data converter circuit. 53. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 1, wherein said sensor apparatus in association with said communication apparatus for providing at least one of: seamless connectivity; horizontal roaming; vertical roaming; reconfigurable radio signal platform; multimode operations; digital radio frequency transceiver; surface acoustic wave-less transceiver; surface acoustic wave transceiver; multi-stream baseband processing; flexible error coding; multiprocessor; higher frequency band; short range communication applications; high security characteristics; reusable frequency; uncompressed video transmission; uncompressed video distribution; faster video transmission; faster download video data; communication channel detector; MULTIMEDIA PLATFORM. 54. Homeland intelligence and battlefield apparatus of claim 1, wherein said communication apparatus further comprises at least one of: miniaturized transistors; apparatus for higher switching speed; millimeter wave analog radio circuit; analog and digital radio on-chip CMOS baseband; millimeter wave module; narrow band radios; CMOS multiple antennas integrated in at least a chip; on-chip miniaturized antenna elements; antenna and antenna interface; broadband and MIMO system; CMOS integration and system level modeling; beam forming apparatus; integrated antenna arrays; energy efficient sensor nodes; event driven radios; energy efficient sensor module; wireless sensor networks; analog front-end silicon integration; systems-on-chip-integration; system-in-package-integration; impulse radios; Internet protocol television communication apparatus. 