A system and method for mounting flexible sheets containing solar cells adjacent the rooftop of a building. A plurality of support members are mounted to the building so that holes are not formed in the rooftop to mount the support members. Wires are then extended between the support members and the flexible sheets containing the solar cells are then mounted to the wires.
Claims 1. A solar shell for a rooftop on a building having sidewalls, the solar shell including flexible solar cell modules, comprising: at least one support structure formed on a rooftop including a roofing material, the at least one support structure including: a first support member having a lower end and an upper end, wherein the upper end of the first support member is attached to a first location on the building; a second support member having a lower end and an upper end, wherein the lower end of the second support member is attached to a second location on the building; a first edge support wire segment extending between the upper ends of the first and second support members; and a second edge support wire segment, which is substantially parallel to the first wire, tensioned between the upper ends of the first and second support members; and a flexible sheet-shaped solar module, including a plurality of solar cells, movably attached to the first and second edge support wire segments by fastening a first longitudinal peripheral edge of the flexible sheet-shaped solar module to the first wire segment and by fastening a second longitudinal peripheral edge of the flexible sheet-shaped solar module to the second wire segment and thereby orienting the flexible sheet-shaped solar module generally parallel to the rooftop. 2. The solar shell of claim 1, wherein the first and the second support members are configured so that the first and second support members are connected to the sidewalls of the building so as to extend upward above the rooftop so that the interconnection between the first and second support members and the building does not result in penetrations being made in the rooftop to secure the first and second support members to the building. 3. The solar shell of claim 1, wherein the rooftop has a first and a second angled section that interconnect at a peak and the solar shell further comprises a third support member that is contoured to be positioned on the peak and wherein the third support member receives the first and second edge support wire segments and the tension in the first and second edge support wire segments urges the third support member downward to maintain the third support member on the peak. 4. The solar shell of claim 3, wherein the third support member is further secured to the peak through adhesive applied to the interface between the third support member and the peak of the roof. 5. The solar shell of claim 4, wherein the third support member includes an upper end that defines a tube that includes holes that permit the edge support wire segments to extend therethrough. 6. The solar shell of claim 5, wherein the third support member further comprises a first and a second leg attached to the tube wherein the first and second legs are adapted to engage with the first and second angled sections of the rooftop on either side of the peak to facilitate retention of the third support member on the peak. 7. The solar shell of claim 1, wherein the first and second edge support wire segments are formed out of two segments of a single edge support wire wherein a first segment extends between the first and second support members and the second segment is returned from the second support member to the first support member. 8. The solar shell of claim 1, wherein the peripheral edge regions of the flexible sheet-shaped solar module include holes that are used to interconnect with the first and second edge support wire segments via clips. 9. The solar shell of claim 1, further comprising an edge rod that is glued to the peripheral edge regions of the flexible sheet-shaped solar module and spring clips that are used to interconnect the edge rod to the first and second edge support wire segments. 10. The solar shell of claim 1, further comprising flexible tubes that are coupled to the peripheral edge regions so that the first and second edge support wire segments can be inserted into the flexible tubes to secure the flexible sheet-shaped solar module. 11. The solar shell of claim 1, further comprising pieces of hook and loop fastener that are attached to the peripheral edges and couple the flexible sheet-shaped solar module to the first and second edge support wire segments. 12. A solar cell assembly for mounting on the rooftop of a building having horizontal surfaces adjacent the sidewall, the assembly comprising: a plurality of support members attached to the building wherein the plurality of support members includes at least one floating support member; a plurality of wire segments that extend between the plurality of support members under tension wherein the plurality of wire segments are arranged into pairs of wire segments and wherein the plurality of wire segments exert a downward force on the at least one floating support member to retain the at least one floating support member in contact with the rooftop; and a plurality of flexible solar panel sheets having solar cells formed thereon, wherein the plurality of flexible solar panel sheets are coupled between pairs of wire segments so that the tension on the wire segments suspend the plurality of flexible sheets over the rooftop. 13. The solar cell assembly of claim 12, wherein the plurality of support members include a first and a second support members that are configured so that the first and second support members are connected to the sidewalls of the building so as to extend upward above the rooftop so that the interconnection between the first and second support members and the building does not result in holes being formed in the rooftop to secure the plurality of support members to the building. 14. The solar cell assembly of claim 13, wherein the first and second support members are adapted to be connected to gutters attached to the sidewall of the building. 15. The solar cell of claim 12, wherein the rooftop has a first and a second angled section that interconnect at a peak and the at least one floating support member is contoured to be positioned on the peak. 16. The solar cell assembly of claim 15, wherein the at least one floating support member is further secured to the peak through adhesive applied to the interface between the at least one support member and the peak of the roof. 17. The solar cell assembly of claim 15, wherein the at least one floating support member includes an upper end that defines a tube that includes holes that permit the wire segments to extend therethrough. 18. The solar cell assembly of claim 17, wherein the at least one floating support member further comprises a first and a second leg attached to the tube wherein the first and second legs are adapted to engage with the first and second angled sections on either side of the peak to facilitate retention of the floating support member on the peak. 19. The solar shell of claim 12, wherein the plurality of wires define a first and a second edge support wire segments that are formed out of two segments of a continuous wire wherein a first segment extends between a first and a second support members and the second segment is returned from the second support member to the first support member. 20. The solar cell assembly of claim 19, wherein the plurality of flexible sheets include a plurality of sheets that are positioned adjacent each other so as to be substantially parallel between the first and second support members. 21. The solar cell assembly of claim 20, wherein the plurality of wire segments are comprised of a plurality of support wire segments of a single support wire that extends between the plurality of support members along each peripheral side of the plurality of flexible members. 22. The solar cell assembly of claim 12, wherein the peripheral edges of the flexible sheet include holes that are used to interconnect with the plurality of wire segments via clips. 23. The solar cell assembly of claim 12, further comprising an edge rod that is glued to the peripheral edge regions and spring clips that are used to interconnect the edge rod to the plurality of wire segments. 24. The solar cell assembly of claim 12, further comprising flexible tubes that are coupled to the peripheral edge regions so that the plurality of wire segments can be inserted into the flexible tubes to secure the flexible sheet. 25. The solar cell assembly of claim 12, further comprising pieces of hook and loop fastener that are attached to the peripheral edges and couple the flexible sheet to the plurality of wire segments. 26. A method of installing flexible solar panels on the rooftop of a building, the method comprising: installing a plurality of support members to the portions of the building so that the support members extend above the rooftop; extending a plurality of wire segments between the plurality of support members so that the one or more wires extend over the rooftop; and mounting flexible solar panel sheets including solar cells to the plurality of wires so that the flexible sheets are positioned over the rooftop. 27. The method of claim 26, wherein installing the plurality of support members comprises mounting at least one of the plurality of support members to a gutter attached to the building. 28. The method of claim 26, wherein installing the plurality of support members comprises mounting at least one of the plurality of support members to a sidewall adjacent the rooftop. 29. The method of claim 26, wherein installing the plurality of support members includes positioning a floating support member on the roof wherein the wires engage with the floating support member and the tension on the wire urges the support member towards the rooftop. 30. The method of claim 29, wherein the floating support member is attached to the rooftop via an adhesive. 31. The method of claim 26, wherein extending the plurality of wires between the plurality of support members comprises using a single wire to extend between the plurality of support members wherein the single wire defines the plurality of wire segments. 32. A method of installing flexible solar panels including solar cells on rooftop of a building, the method comprising: installing a plurality of support members to the portions of the building so that the support members extend above the rooftop; and extending a plurality of flexible solar panels between the plurality of support members by attaching one or more edge support wires of each flexible solar panel to the plurality of support members so that the flexible solar panels are positioned over the rooftop. 33. The method of claim 32 further comprising the step of attaching the edge support wires to the flexible solar panels before the step of extending. 34. The method of claim 33, wherein installing the plurality of support members comprises mounting at least one of the plurality of support members to a sidewall adjacent the rooftop. 35. The method of claim 34, wherein installing the plurality of support members includes positioning a floating support member on the roof wherein the edge support wires engage with the floating support member and the tension on the edge support wire urges the support member towards the rooftop. 36. The method of claim 35, wherein the floating support member is attached to the rooftop via an adhesive. 