A power management system for a lighting circuit may include a grid shifting controller that includes a processor and a connection to an external power source. The power management system may also include a communication interface associated with the grid shifting controller. The grid shifting controller may be configured to provide control information to a processor of at least one grid shifting electrical fixture over the communication interface, the control information being configured to direct the at least one grid shifting electrical fixture on the use of power from the external power source and an energy storage device associated with the at least one grid shifting electrical fixture.
Claims 1. A power management system for a lighting circuit comprising: a grid shifting controller that includes a processor and a connection to an external power source; a communication interface associated with the grid shifting controller; wherein the grid shifting controller is configured to provide control information to a processor of at least one grid shifting electrical fixture over the communication interface, the control information being configured to direct the at least one grid shifting electrical fixture on the use of power from the external power source and an energy storage device associated with the at least one grid shifting electrical fixture. 2. The power management system of claim 1, wherein the control information is configured to enable control of one or more of an amount of power to supply from the energy storage device, when to supply power from the energy storage device, and when to recharge the energy storage device. 3. The power management system of claim 1, wherein the energy storage device includes at least one of a rechargeable battery, a non-rechargeable battery, a photovoltaic cell, fuel cell, or super capacitor. 4. The power management system of claim 1, wherein the communication interface includes at least one of a wired communication channel or a wireless communication channel. 5. The power management system of claim 4, wherein the wired communication channel includes a power line communication interface. 6. The power management system of claim 4, wherein the wireless communication channel includes a Zigbee interface. 7. The power management system of claim 1, wherein the grid shifting electrical fixture includes at least one of a lighting fixture or a lighting device. 8. The power management system of claim 1, wherein the grid shifting controller includes an intelligent wall switch configured to control a lighting circuit. 9. A power management system for a lighting circuit comprising: a communication interface; an energy storage device; a connection to an external power source; a power converter circuit configured to convert power from the energy storage device to provide power for the lighting circuit and to participate in the control of power consumption from the primary source of power and power consumption from the energy storage device; and a processor configured to control the use of the external power source and energy storage device to provide power to at least one grid shifting electrical fixture including a light source. 10. The power management system of claim 9, wherein the energy storage device includes at least one of a rechargeable battery, a non-rechargeable battery, a photovoltaic cell, fuel cell, or super capacitor. 11. The power management system of claim 9, wherein the power converter circuit further comprises at least one of a DC/AC inverter, an AC/DC converter, a DC/DC converter a relay, an optoisolator, power sharing circuitry and a solid state switch. 12. The power management system of claim 9, wherein the processor is configured to control the use of the external power source and energy storage device based on instructions received via the communication interface to control at least one of an amount of power to supply from the energy storage device, when to supply power from the energy storage device, and when to recharge the energy storage device. 13. The power management system of claim 12, wherein the instructions received are provided by at least one of a disparate grid shifting controller, a building management network, a lighting control network, a demand response server, or a smart grid controller. 14. The power management system of claim 9, further including an intelligent wall switch controlling the lighting circuit. 15. The power management system of claim 9, wherein the grid shifting controller provides power to at least one of an incandescent light source, a fluorescent light source, an LED light source or an AC power device that may derive power from the lighting circuit. 16. The power management system of claim 9, wherein the processor is configured to control at least one of an amount of power to supply from the energy storage device, when to supply power from the energy storage device, and when to recharge the energy storage device. 17. A triac based power management system for a lighting circuit comprising: a grid shifting controller, including a processor, a connection to an external power source, and a triac; and at least one grid shifting electrical fixture in electrical communication with the grid shifting controller that includes a processor and an energy storage device; wherein the grid shifting controller is configured to provide control information to the processor of the at least one grid shifting electrical fixture by using the triac to create a chopped waveform. wherein the at least one grid shifting electrical fixture determines the amount of energy to consume from the energy storage device based on the chopped waveform. 18. The triac based power management system of claim 17, wherein the grid shifting controller comprises an intelligent wall switch controlling a lighting circuit. 19. The triac based power management system of claim 17, wherein the amount of power that comes from the external power source and the amount of power supplied by an energy storage device is provided in proportion to the chopped waveform. 