Systems for mounting and retaining solar panels are disclosed. In particular, systems for conventional tilted roofs (gable, hip, etc.) and for ground installations. Additionally, systems for electrically grounding the components of a solar panel assembly and systems for managing the many electrical wires that must be run along the installation to interconnect and ground the solar panels and supporting structures are disclosed.
Claims 1. A solar panel array system having a mounting frame substructure, and further comprising: a support member having a cross-section, wherein the cross section comprises at least one section adapted to receive an edge of one or more solar panels and at least one T-slot. 2. The solar panel array system of claim 1, wherein the cross section comprises a lower tubular section and an upper section adapted to receive an edge, and the T-slot is disposed in the lower tubular section. 3. The solar panel array system of claim 1, further comprising at least one stopper block disposed in a T-slot. 4. The stopper block of claim 1, further comprising at least one protrusion that keys into a T-slot. 5. The solar panel array system of claim 2, wherein the lower tubular section is symmetric. 6. The solar panel array system of claim 2, wherein the upper section is extended beneath the edge, and the upper section and the edge are mechanically joined, whereby an electrical path to ground is created. 7. A solar panel array system having a mounting frame, and further comprising: a horizontal support member having a first cross-section, wherein the horizontal cross section comprises at least one section adapted to receive an edge of one or more solar panels; a vertical support member having a cross-section, wherein the horizontal cross section comprises at least one section adapted to receive and restrain an edge of one or more solar panels; and a stopper block, wherein, a clamp attaches the horizontal and vertical support members to one another to form the mounting frame. 8. The solar panel array system of claim 7 wherein at least one horizontal support member further comprises an end cap. 9. The solar panel array system of claim 7 wherein the vertical support member further comprises an end cap. 10. A solar panel array comprising a frame and one or more solar panels, wherein the frame comprises one or more support members having at least one T-slot, and a grounding system comprising at least one conductive spring disposed between a solar panel and the support member. 11. The solar panel array system of claim 10, wherein the support member has at least one T-slot, and a grounding system comprising a clamp disposed in the T-slot and the conductive spring disposed between the clamp and the support member. 12. The solar panel array system of claim 10, wherein the grounding system comprises a spring disposed between a module and a surface of the support member, wherein the spring comprises one or more penetration points. 13. The solar panel array system of claim 12, wherein the spring is formed from flat stock and the penetration points are triangular points formed on an end of the spring. 14. The solar panel array system of claim 12, wherein the spring is formed from wire stock and the penetration points are formed on an end of the spring. 15. The solar panel array system of claim 10, wherein the grounding system comprises a grounding wedge comprising at least one penetration point that is disposed in a slot in a support member and in electrical conducting contact with the surface of a module. 16. The solar panel array system of claim 15, wherein the grounding wedge is triangular. 17. A solar panel array comprising a frame made of conductive material and one or more solar panels, wherein the frame comprises one or more support members and a wire management system connected to a support member. 18. The solar panel system of claim 17, wherein the wire management system comprises a hook section for retaining one or more wires and an attachment flange comprising a connection point for mounting to the support member. 19. The solar panel system of claim 18, wherein the wire management system comprises a spring clip comprising a first section that snaps into a T-slot and a section for retaining wire. 20. The solar panel system of claim 19, wherein the first section comprises two spring legs. 21. The solar panel system of claim 19, wherein the first section comprises a curved section that snaps into the T-slot. 