A box includes a casing, a front compartment recessed in a front portion of the casing for storing a portable electronic device including cellular phone in the front compartment; an upper compartment formed in an upper portion of the casing for storing namecards or notepapers therein; and a bottom compartment formed in a lower portion of the casing and positioned under the upper compartment for mounting a charger in the bottom compartment for supplying electricity for powering a plurality of electronic devices.
Claims 1. A box comprising: a casing; a front compartment recessed in a front portion of the casing for holding a portable electronic device in or on the front compartment; an upper compartment formed in an upper portion of the casing for storing namecards or notepapers in the upper compartment; and a bottom compartment formed in a lower or bottom portion of the casing and positioned under the upper compartment for mounting a charger in the bottom compartment. 2. A box according to claim 1, wherein said casing further includes a plurality of solar cells disposed on an outer surface of the casing for charging the charger by converting solar energy into electricity which is charged into a charging circuit including at least a rechargeable battery as secured in the bottom compartment for storing electricity in the charger. 3. A box according to claim 1, wherein said box further includes a power cord having a plug which is plugged in a receptacle of an utility power source and or a DC power source in a car for leading the electricity from the utility power source or DC power source in a car, through a cord terminal of the power cord and through a power terminal formed in the casing to charge a charging circuit of the charger as secured in the bottom compartment of the casing. 4. A box according to claim 1, wherein said charger further includes a data store to receive, store, or send data from or to an electronic device including a computer through at least an interface terminal or port formed on the casing. 5. A box according to claim 1, wherein said portable electronic device as held in or laid on the front compartment includes: a cellular phone, iPhone, iPad, iPod, GPS, a game, PSP, a portable media player and a miniature portable electronic device. 6. A box according to claim 1, wherein said charger includes at least one interface terminal, which includes an interface port, a female connector, a male connector, a jack, or a terminal formed on said casing for electrically or electronically connecting the charger to an electronic device. 7. A box according to claim 1, wherein said casing further includes a time piece or digital clock formed on the casing. 8. A box according to claim 1, wherein said casing includes a display, which includes an advertising design, figures, patterns, a description, a logo or trademark, a LCD display, and a display means formed on a surface of the casing. 9. A box according to claim 1, wherein said casing includes: a bottom wall, a front wall which is vertically erected from a front end of the bottom wall or upwardly erected from said bottom wall to be slightly rearwardly inclined to define a first acute angle A of about 85 degrees to 75 degrees between the front wall and the bottom wall, a rear wall formed on a rear portion of the casing and vertically erected from the bottom wall, a left side wall and a right side wall respectively disposed on left and right sides of the casing as vertically erected from the bottom wall, a top wall formed on a top portion of the casing, and a L-shaped partition wall formed in a middle portion of the casing. 10. A box according to claim 9, wherein said L-shaped partition wall includes a diaphragm plate slightly inclined and tapered rearwardly and downwardly to define a second acute angle A1 of about 10.about.15 degrees between the bottom wall and the diaphragm plate; and a back plate erected upwardly from the bottom wall and slightly inclined rearwardly to define a third acute angle A2 of about 60.about.75 degrees between the bottom wall and the back plate. 11. A box according to claim 9, wherein said casing includes a bottom compartment for mounting a charger, including a charging circuit and at least a rechargeable battery, in the bottom compartment as confined among the bottom wall, the L-shaped partition wall, the left and right side walls, and the rear wall. 12. A box according to claim 1, wherein said front compartment is formed with a pair of notches on a left and a right side wall of said casing for laying the portable electronic device including a cell phone or a GPS device on the notches of the front compartment. 13. A box according to claim 1, wherein said front compartment further includes a charging connector or terminal formed in a bottom portion of the front compartment for charging the portable electronic device when held in the front compartment, said charging connector in the front compartment electrically connected to the charger as secured in the bottom compartment. 14. A box according to claim 9, wherein said casing includes a front compartment which is confined among the front wall, a back plate of the partition wall, the bottom wall, and the left and right side walls. 15. A box according to claim 9, wherein said casing includes an upper compartment which is confined among the top wall, a diaphragm plate of the partition wall, the rear wall, the left and right side walls. 16. A box according to claim 1, wherein said casing includes a speaker or paper speaker formed on a wall of said casing. 17. A box comprising: a casing; a front compartment formed in a front portion of said casing for holding a portable electronic device including a cellular phone in said front compartment; and an upper compartment formed in an upper portion of said casing, adjacent to said front compartment, for storing namecards or notepapers in said upper compartment. 