An imaging apparatus includes: an imaging unit in which a plurality of pixels receiving incidence light on a light receiving face are disposed in an imaging region of a substrate, wherein the pixel includes a thermocouple device group in which a plurality of thermocouples are aligned along the light receiving face, wherein, in the thermocouple device group, the plurality of thermocouples are arranged so as to be separated from each other such that the light receiving face has a grating structure, and wherein the thermocouple device group is disposed such that the incidence light is incident to the grating structure so as to cause plasmon resonance to occur on the light receiving face, and an electromotive force is generated due to a change in the temperature of a portion of the thermocouple device group, at which the plasmon resonance occurs, in each of the plurality of thermocouples.
Claims 1. An imaging apparatus comprising: an imaging unit in which a plurality of pixels receiving incidence light on a light receiving face are disposed in an imaging region of a substrate, wherein the pixel includes a thermocouple device group in which a plurality of thermocouples are aligned along the light receiving face, wherein, in the thermocouple device group, the plurality of thermocouples are arranged so as to be separated from each other such that the light receiving face has a grating structure, and wherein the thermocouple device group is disposed such that the incidence light is incident to the grating structure so as to cause plasmon resonance to occur on the light receiving face, and an electromotive force is generated due to a change in the temperature of a portion of the thermocouple device group, at which the plasmon resonance occurs, in each of the plurality of thermocouples. 2. The imaging apparatus according to claim 1, wherein, in the thermocouple device group, the plurality of thermocouples are connected in series. 3. The imaging apparatus according to claim 2, wherein, in the thermocouple device group, the plurality of thermocouples are disposed such that the grating structure has center-point symmetry on the light receiving face. 4. The imaging apparatus according to claim 3, wherein the thermocouple device group is disposed such that each of the plurality of thermocouples is located in an amplified electric field area that is generated owing to the plasmon resonance occurring on the light receiving face. 5. The imaging apparatus according to claim 4, wherein, in each of the plurality of thermocouples, a first metal portion and a second metal portion that has a thermoelectric power different from that of the first metal portion are aligned along the light receiving face. 6. The imaging apparatus according to claim 5, wherein, in each of the thermocouples, one end of the first metal portion and one end of the second metal portion are bonded in a depth direction of the substrate on a side onto which the incidence light is incident, the other end of the first metal portion and the other end of the second metal portion are located on a side from which the incidence light is output, and the plurality of thermocouples are connected in series. 7. The imaging apparatus according to claim 6, wherein, in the thermocouple device group, an insulating film is disposed on a face onto which the incident light is incident, and an air gap is interposed between the face onto which the incidence light is incident and the insulating layer. 8. The imaging apparatus according to claim 6, wherein the thermocouple device group includes a metal film with which the face onto which the incidence light is incident is coated, and wherein the metal film is formed by using metal in which the plasmon resonance can occur more easily than in the first metal portion and the second metal portion. 9. The imaging apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the pixel includes a plurality of the thermocouple device groups, and wherein the plurality of thermocouple device groups are disposed so as to be stacked in a depth direction of the substrate. 10. The imaging apparatus according to claim 5, wherein each of the plurality of thermocouples is disposed such that areas between one ends and the other ends of the first metal portion and the second metal portion are disposed so as to be aligned along the light receiving face, the one end of the first metal portion and the one end of the second metal portion are bonded together, and the plurality of thermocouples are connected in series at the other end of the first metal portion and the other end of the second metal portion, and wherein a light shielding film that shields the incidence light is disposed such that the other end of the first metal portion and the other end of the second metal portion are coated with the light shielding film. 11. The imaging apparatus according to claim 6, wherein each of the plurality of thermocouples is formed such that a nanospring is interposed between one ends and the other ends of the first metal portion and the second metal portion. 12. The imaging apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising: a signal correcting unit that corrects a signal according to the electromotive force generated in the pixel, wherein the signal correcting unit calculates a correction coefficient based on a difference value between monitoring data and reference data and a response function of the electromotive force for a light intensity of the incidence light, and corrects the signal according to the electromotive force generated in the pixel by integrating the correction coefficient with the signal according to the electromotive force generated in the pixel. 13. The imaging apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising: a cooling processing unit that performs a cooling process for the plurality of thermocouples based on a Peltier effect by causing a current to flow in a direction opposite to a direction of a current flowing based on a Seebeck effect in each of the plurality of thermocouples, wherein the cooling processing unit allows the currents in the opposite direction to flow in the plurality of thermocouples so as to decrease an amount of heat corresponding to a difference value between a signal value of the signal according to the electromotive force generated in the pixel and a reference value. 14. The imaging apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the imaging unit generates a signal by detecting an electric potential at a time point at which the electromotive force generated in the thermocouple device group is a maximum in one frame time and thus generates a captured image. 15. The imaging apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the imaging unit, after repeating a plurality of electric potential detecting operations, in which a signal is generated by detecting an electric potential at a time point, at which the electromotive force generated in the thermocouple device group is a maximum in one frame time, generates a captured image based on a signal acquired by integrating a plurality of the signals. 16. The imaging apparatus according to claim 15, wherein the imaging unit performs a cooling operation in which the thermocouple device group is cooled during the plurality of electric potential detecting operations. 17. The imaging apparatus according to claim 16, wherein the imaging unit is configured so as to be driven by applying the electromotive force generated in the thermocouple device group as feedback as a driving power. 18. A method of manufacturing an imaging apparatus, the method comprising: forming an imaging unit by disposing a plurality of pixels that receive incidence light on a light receiving face in an imaging region of a substrate, wherein the forming of an imaging unit includes forming a thermocouple device group, in which a plurality of thermocouples are aligned along the light receiving face, in the pixel, wherein, in the forming of a thermocouple device group, the plurality of thermocouples are arranged so as to be separated from each other such that the light receiving face of the thermocouple device group has a grating structure, and wherein the thermocouple device group is formed such that the incidence light is incident to the grating structure so as to cause plasmon resonance to occur on the light receiving face, and an electromotive force is generated due to a change in the temperature of a portion of the thermocouple device group, at which the plasmon resonance occurs, in each of the plurality of thermocouples. 19. An electronic apparatus comprising: an imaging unit in which a plurality of pixels receiving incidence light on a light receiving face are disposed in an imaging region of a substrate, wherein the pixel includes a thermocouple device group in which a plurality of thermocouples are aligned along the light receiving face, wherein, in the thermocouple device group, the plurality of thermocouples are arranged so as to be separated from each other such that the light receiving face has a grating structure, and wherein the thermocouple device group is disposed such that the incidence light is incident to the grating structure so as to cause plasmon resonance to occur on the light receiving face, and an electromotive force is generated due to a change in the temperature of a portion of the thermocouple device group, at which the plasmon resonance occurs, in each of the plurality of thermocouples. 20. A photovoltaic cell comprising: a photovoltaic power device that generates an electromotive force by receiving incidence light on a light receiving face, wherein the photovoltaic power device includes a thermocouple device group in which a plurality of thermocouples are aligned along the light receiving face, wherein, in the thermocouple device group, the plurality of thermocouples are arranged so as to be separated from each other such that the light receiving face has a grating structure, and wherein the thermocouple device group is disposed such that the incidence light is incident to the grating structure so as to cause plasmon resonance to occur on the light receiving face, and an electromotive force is generated due to a change in the temperature of a portion of the thermocouple device group, at which the plasmon resonance occurs, in each of the plurality of thermocouples. 