Power converters for photovoltaic (PV) systems and maximum power point tracking techniques are disclosed. One example power converter for a PV system includes an input for coupling to the PV system, an output for providing an output voltage, and a switch coupled between the input and the output. The input is configured to receive an input voltage (Vin) and input current (Iin) from the PV system. The power converter includes a controller configured for controlling operation of the switch using a control signal C. C is a function of at least the input voltage, the input current and a variable (K).
Claims 1. A power converter for a photovoltaic (PV) system, the power converter comprising: an input for coupling to the PV system, the input configured to receive an input voltage (Vin) and input current (Iin) from the PV system; an output for providing an output voltage; a switch coupled between the input and the output; and a controller configured for controlling operation of the switch using a control signal C, C being a function of at least the input voltage, the input current and a variable (K). 2. The power converter of claim 1 wherein the controller is configured to determine a value of K using a maximum power point tracking (MPPT) algorithm. 3. The power converter of claim 2 wherein the MPPT algorithm is a perturb and observe algorithm. 4. The power converter of claim 2 wherein the MPPT algorithm is an incremental conductance algorithm. 5. The power converter of claim 2 wherein: C=(Vin*A).sup..alpha.*((Vin*A).sup..beta.+.delta.*Iin*B)*K, where A and B are scale factors, .alpha..gtoreq.1, .beta..gtoreq.1, 0.gtoreq..delta..gtoreq.1. 6. The power converter of claim 5 wherein A=B=1 and .alpha.=.beta.=2. 7. The power converter of claim 2 wherein the controller is configured to substantially continuously re-determine the value of K. 8. The power converter of claim 2 wherein the controller is configured to the re-determine the value of K in response to a triggering event. 9. The power converter of claim 8 wherein the triggering event is the passage of a substantially fixed period of time following a last determination of the value of K. 10. The power converter of claim 8 wherein the triggering event is a change in a magnitude of the input voltage or the input current greater than a threshold value. 11. The power converter of claim 1 wherein the controller is configured to not monitor the output voltage. 12. The power converter of claim 1 wherein the controller is further configured to monitor the output voltage. 13. The power converter of claim 12 wherein the controller is configured to control the switch in response to C and the output voltage. 14. The power converter of claim 12 wherein the controller is further configured to control a load coupled to the output to control a magnitude of the output voltage. 15. A PV system including at least one PV cell and the power converter of claim 1. 16. A power converter for a photovoltaic (PV) system, the power converter comprising: an input for coupling to the PV system, the input configured to receive an input voltage and input current from the PV system; an output for providing an output voltage to a load; a switch coupled between the input and the output; and a controller configured for controlling operation of the switch to operate the PV system at a maximum power point, the controller controlling operation of the switch as a function of at least the input voltage, the input current and a variable maximum power set point (K), the controller further configured to control the load to control the output voltage of the power converter. 17. The power converter of claim 16 wherein the controller is further configured to periodically determine a value for K. 18. The power converter of claim 17 wherein the controller is configured to determine the value for K after a defined period of time has elapsed after the last determination of the value for K. 19. The power converter of claim 17 wherein the controller is configured to determine the value for K after a triggering event has occurred. 