A method and apparatus for monitoring an AC line for impedance change. In one embodiment, the method, comprises superimposing a tone on an AC current coupled to the AC line, wherein the tone is a higher frequency than an AC voltage waveform on the AC line; applying a correlation over a sampled AC voltage waveform, obtained by sampling the AC voltage waveform, to generate a correlated signal; and determining whether at least one change in characteristic of the correlated signal occurs.
Claims 1. A method for monitoring an AC line for impedance changes, comprising: superimposing a tone on an AC current coupled to the AC line, wherein the tone is a higher frequency than an AC voltage waveform on the AC line; applying a correlation over a sampled AC voltage waveform, obtained by sampling the AC voltage waveform, to generate a correlated signal; and determining whether at least one change in characteristic of the correlated signal occurs. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the tone comprises at least one of an Nth harmonic of the AC voltage waveform or 0.5 harmonic of the AC voltage waveform, wherein N is an integer. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein fewer than all cycles of the tone are injected over a fundamental period of the AC voltage waveform. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein the tone has a first phase during a first cycle of the AC voltage waveform and has a second phase during a second cycle of the AC voltage waveform. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein a phase of the tone is offset from the AC voltage waveform. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein the correlation is applied over two consecutive cycles of the sampled AC voltage waveform. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein determining whether the at least one change occurs comprises: averaging the correlated signal over an averaging period to generate an averaged correlation signal value; determining a difference between the averaged correlation signal value and a previous averaged correlation signal value; and comparing the difference to a threshold. 8. The method of claim 1, further comprising: randomly modulating the AC current with the tone to generate a randomly modulated AC current; monitoring, during a non-modulated period, a first correlated signal, the first correlated signal based on a first sampled AC line voltage; determining whether phases of the first correlated signal and the tone are equal; and synchronizing, based on whether the phases are equal, the tone to a line cycle of the AC voltage waveform, wherein the steps of randomly modulating the AC current, monitoring the first correlated signal, determining whether the phases are equal, and synchronizing the tone are performed prior to superimposing the tone on the AC current. 9. An apparatus for monitoring an AC line for impedance changes, comprising: a grid impedance detection module for (i) superimposing a tone on an AC current coupled to the AC line, wherein the tone is a higher frequency than an AC voltage waveform on the AC line, (ii) applying a correlation over a sampled AC voltage, obtained by sampling the AC voltage waveform, to generate a correlated signal, and (iii) determining whether at least one change in characteristic of the correlated signal occurs. 10. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein the tone comprises at least one of an Nth harmonic of the AC voltage waveform or 0.5 harmonic of the AC voltage waveform, wherein N is an integer. 11. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein fewer than all cycles of the tone are injected over a fundamental period of the AC voltage waveform. 12. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein the tone has a first phase during a first cycle of the AC voltage waveform and has a second phase during a second cycle of the AC voltage waveform. 13. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein a phase of the tone is offset from the AC voltage waveform. 14. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein the correlation is applied over two consecutive cycles of the sampled AC voltage waveform. 15. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein determining whether the at least one change occurs comprises averaging the correlated signal over an averaging period to generate an averaged correlation signal value, determining a difference between the averaged correlation signal value and a previous averaged correlation signal value, and comparing the difference to a threshold. 16. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein, prior to superimposing the tone on the AC current, the grid impedance detection module randomly modulates the AC current with the tone to generate a randomly modulated AC current; monitors, during a non-modulated period, a first correlated signal, the first correlated signal based on a first sampling of the AC line voltage; determines whether phases of the first correlated signal and the tone are equal; and synchronizes, based on whether the phases are equal, the tone to a line cycle of the AC voltage waveform. 17. A system for monitoring an AC line for impedance changes, comprising: a photovoltaic (PV) module; and a power converter, coupled to the PV module and to the AC line, for generating an AC current that is coupled to the AC line, wherein the power converter comprises a grid impedance detection module for (i) superimposing a tone on the AC current, wherein the tone is a higher frequency than an AC voltage waveform on the AC line, (ii) applying a correlation over a sampled AC voltage, obtained by sampling the AC voltage waveform, to generate a correlated signal, and (iii) determining whether at least one change in characteristic of the correlated signal occurs. 18. The system of claim 17, wherein the tone comprises at least one of an Nth harmonic of the AC voltage waveform or 0.5 harmonic of the AC voltage waveform, wherein N is an integer. 19. The system of claim 17, wherein the tone has a first phase during a first cycle of the AC voltage waveform and has a second phase during a second cycle of the AC voltage waveform. 20. The system of claim 17, wherein determining whether the at least one change occurs comprises: averaging the correlated signal over an averaging period to generate an averaged correlation signal value; determining a difference between the averaged correlation signal value and a previous averaged correlation signal value; and comparing the difference to a threshold. 