A system for controlling photovoltaic electricity production equipment comprising photovoltaic modules each equipped with a DC/DC microconverter connected to a DC bus, a DC bus manager, and an inverter for converting the direct current from the photovoltaic panels into alternative current intended for an electrical distribution network. Power is injected into the DC bus when the voltage of the DC bus is less than a minimum voltage until the said minimum voltage is reached. Each of the microconverters injects a maximum power from the photovoltaic modules into the DC bus when the voltage of the DC bus is between a first voltage and a second voltage. The injecting of power from the photovoltaic modules into the DC bus is stopped when the voltage of the DC bus is less than a low threshold voltage or greater than a high threshold voltage.
Claims 1. System for controlling photovoltaic electricity production equipment comprising: at least one DC/DC microconverter (C) connected to a DC bus (BUS) and connected to a photovoltaic module (PV); an inverter (INV, INV') for converting the direct current from the DC bus (BUS) into alternative current intended for an electrical distribution network (R); characterized in that : the said at least one microconverter (C) comprises means for independently determining the level of power to inject into the DC bus (BUS) as a function of the voltage level of the said DC bus (BUS); the said at least one microconverter (C) stops the injecting of power from the photovoltaic modules (PV) into the DC bus (BUS) when the voltage of the DC bus (BUS) is less than a low threshold voltage Va or greater than a high threshold voltage Vd; the said system additionally comprises means for managing the DC bus (MNG, INV'), characterized in that the said means for managing the DC bus (MNG, INV') are configured to inject power into the DC bus (BUS) when the voltage of the said DC bus (BUS) is less than a minimum voltage Vm until the said minimum voltage Vm is reached, from which level the injecting of power is interrupted. 2. System according to claim 1, characterized in that the said at least one microconverter (C) is configured to: inject a maximum of power from the photovoltaic modules (PV) into the DC bus (BUS) when the voltage of the DC bus (BUS) is between a first voltage Vb and a second voltage Vc; stop the injecting of power from the photovoltaic modules (PV) into the DC bus (BUS) when the voltage of the DC bus (BUS) is less than a low threshold voltage Va or greater than a high threshold voltage Vd; where 0<Va<Vm<Vb<Vc<Vd. 3. System according to either claim 1 or claim 2, characterized in that the means for managing the DC bus (MNG, INV') are configured such that, when the voltage of the DC bus (BUS) is greater than a voltage threshold Vs, the said voltage threshold Vs being greater than the second voltage Vc and less than the high threshold voltage Vd, the said device for managing the DC bus (MNG, INV') triggers a timeout at least equal to twice the inverter startup time and, at the end of the said timeout, starts a procedure for discharging the DC bus (BUS) by means of a suitable discharge system. 4. System according to any one of claims 1 to 3, in which the said means for managing the DC bus (MNG, INV') are comprised in the inverter (INV'). 5. System according to any one of claims 1 to 3, in which a specific device for managing the DC bus (MNG), distinct from the inverter (INV), and supplied with power, forms the said means for managing the DC bus. 6. System according to claim 5, characterized in that the device for managing the DC bus (MNG) comprises the said system for discharging the DC bus. 7. System according to either claim 5 or claim 6, characterized in that the device for managing the DC bus (MNG) comprises, moreover, an astronomical clock for starting the device according to the invention only during daylight hours. 8. System according to any one of the preceding claims, characterized in that the said at least one microconverter (C) is moreover configured to be placed automatically in a standby mode when the voltage of the DC bus (BUS) is less than the low threshold voltage Va or greater than the high threshold voltage Vd. 