A barrier operator system is provided including a controller, a motor, a barrier, a power source, and a remote transmitter. The controller scans for a reduced range of radio frequencies while operating in a standby mode to conserve energy. In response to receiving a signal from the remote transmitter, the barrier operator will exit the standby mode and scan for a broader range of frequencies. In response to receiving a command signal from the remote transmitter, the controller will operate the barrier. The controller also scans for signals from an accessory device after exiting the standby mode. The accessory device may also operate in multiple modes with respect to scanning for transmissions and sending signals to the controller.
Claims 1. A barrier operator comprising: a connection to a power source; a controller, responsive to command inputs to generate control signals to control barrier movement; a motor responsive to the control signals for moving the barrier; wherein the controller includes a radio receiver responsive to command outputs from a transmitter; wherein the radio receiver comprises a spread spectrum receiver capable of scanning a broadband range of spread spectrum frequencies, and is configured to scan a broadband range of spread spectrum frequencies when the controller operates in a first mode; wherein the radio receiver is configured to scan a reduced range of frequencies when the controller operates in a second mode. 2. The barrier operator of claim 1 wherein the controller is configured to operate in at least two operative states: an active state and a sleep state. 3. The barrier operator of claim 2, wherein the controller is configured to alternate between the active state and the sleep state when operating in the second mode. 4. The barrier operator of claim 2, wherein the controller is configured to operate in the sleep state for a range of about 200 to 600 milliseconds and then operate the active state for a range of about 25 to 75 milliseconds before returning to the sleep state in response to not receiving a wake signal during the active state. 5. The barrier operator of claim 1, further comprising a battery connected to the connection, wherein the battery is configured to be charged by at least one of a mains power or a solar power source. 6. The barrier operator of claim 1, wherein the controller is configured to communicate with an accessory device capable of transmitting an output signal. 7. An accessory device comprising: a connection to a power source; a transmitter configured to transmit command signals to a barrier operator; a radio receiver responsive to command outputs from a remote transmitter; wherein the radio receiver comprises a spread spectrum receiver configured to scan a first range of frequencies the radio receiver operates in a first mode and a reduced range of frequencies when the radio receiver operates in a second mode; wherein the transmitter is configured to transmit one of a broadband range or a reduced range of spread spectrum frequencies when the transmitter operates in a first mode. 8. The device of claim 7, wherein the radio receiver is configured to scan a single radio frequency of the reduced range of frequencies when the radio receiver operates in the second mode. 9. The device of claim 7, wherein the transmitter is configured to sleep when the transmitter operates in the second mode. 10. The device of claim 7, wherein the device is selected from a group consisting of a photo-eye, a remote light control, a barrier monitor, and a parking accessory. 11. A method for operating a barrier comprising: scanning, at a controller comprising a radio receiver, a reduced range of frequencies while operating in a second mode; while operating in the second mode, receiving, at the radio receiver, a transmission signal comprising a broadband range of spread spectrum frequencies further comprising at least the reduced range of frequencies; in response to receiving the transmission signal, scanning, at the radio receiver, a broadband range of spread spectrum frequencies while operating in a first mode; while operating in the first mode, receiving, at the radio receiver, the transmission signal comprising the broadband range of spread spectrum frequencies; while operating in the first mode, in response to receiving the transmission signal comprising the broadband range of spread spectrum frequencies, sending, from the controller, a control signal to a motor to operate the barrier. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein the controller comprises a connection to a power source. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein the power source is periodically charged by at least one of solar energy or mains power. 14. A method for operating a barrier operator accessory device, the method comprising: scanning, by an accessory device comprising a radio receiver, a radio frequency while operating in a second mode; while operating in the second mode, receiving, at the radio receiver, a transmission signal comprising the radio frequency; in response to receiving the transmission signal, operating in a first mode and transmitting, by a transmitter at the accessory device, a second transmission signal comprising a spread spectrum radio frequency to a barrier operator. 15. The method of claim 14 wherein the scanning a radio frequency comprises scanning a single radio frequency while operating in the second mode. 16. The method of claim 14 wherein the scanning the radio frequency comprises scanning a reduced band of spread spectrum frequencies while operating in the second mode. 17. The method of claim 14 wherein the second transmission signal comprises a reduced band of spread spectrum frequencies. 18. The method of claim 14 wherein the second transmission signal comprises a broadband range of spread spectrum frequencies. 19. A method for operating a barrier comprising: scanning, at a controller comprising a controller radio receiver, a first reduced range of radio frequencies while operating in a second mode; scanning, at an accessory device comprising an accessory radio receiver and an accessory transmitter, a second reduced range of radio frequencies while operating in the second mode; while operating in the second mode, receiving, at the controller radio receiver, the first reduced range of radio frequencies from a remote transmission signal comprising a full range of radio frequencies further comprising both the first and the second reduced range of radio frequencies; while operating in the second mode, receiving, at the accessory radio receiver, the second reduced range of radio frequencies from the remote transmission; in response to receiving the first reduced range of radio frequencies at the controller radio receiver, scanning a first full range of radio frequencies while operating in a first mode; receiving, at the controller radio receiver, the first full range of radio frequencies while operating in the first mode; in response to receiving the first full range of radio frequencies at the controller radio receiver, sending a control signal to a motor to operate the barrier; in response to receiving the second reduced range of frequencies at the accessory radio receiver, operating the accessory device in the first mode. 20. The method of claim 19 further comprising: while operating in the first mode, transmitting, from the accessory transmitter, an accessory transmission comprising at least one accessory radio frequency; while operating in the first mode, receiving, at the controller radio receiver, the accessory transmission; in response to receiving the accessory transmission at the controller, sending a second control signal to the motor to further operate the barrier. 21. The method of claim 19 wherein the second reduced range of frequencies comprises a single radio frequency. 22. The method of claim 19 wherein the first reduced range of frequencies is the same as the second reduced range of frequencies. 23. A barrier operator comprising: a connection to a power source; a controller, responsive to command inputs to generate control signals to control barrier movement; a motor responsive to the control signals for moving the barrier; a radio receiver responsive to command outputs from a transmitter; wherein the radio receiver is configured to scan a full range of frequencies when the controller operates in a first state comprising a first rate of power consumption; wherein the radio receiver is configured to selectively scan a first range of frequencies of the full range of frequencies when the controller operates in a second state comprising a second rate of power consumption, the second rate of power consumption being less than the first rate of power consumption; wherein the radio receiver is configured to selectively scan a second range of frequencies of the full range of frequencies when the controller operates in a third state comprising a third rate of power consumption, the third rate of power consumption being less than the second rate of power consumption; wherein the controller is configured to choose and operate in a particular state in response to monitoring information regarding at least one of power remaining in the power source and a desired security level. 24. The barrier operator of claim 23, wherein the radio receiver is configured to operate in a sleep state and scan no frequencies when the controller operates in a fourth state. 25. The barrier operator of claim 24, wherein the controller is configured to automatically alternate between the fourth state and at least one of the second state and the third state based on an amount of power remaining in the power source. 26. The barrier operator of claim 23, wherein the controller is configured to alternate between the fourth state and at least one of the second state or the third state. 27. The barrier operator of claim 23, wherein the controller is configured to automatically select and operate in at least one of the second state or the third state based on an amount of power remaining in the power source. 28. A method for operating a barrier, the method comprising: monitoring a power level in a power source connected to a barrier operator; receiving an indication of a security level at which to operate; operating the barrier operator at one of a first mode or a second mode of operation according to a function of the power level and the security level; wherein operating in the first mode comprises scanning at a radio receiver of the barrier operator a first range of frequencies; wherein operating in the second mode comprises scanning at the radio receiver a second range of frequencies, wherein the second range of frequencies is less than the first range of frequencies; while operating in one of the first mode or the second mode, receiving at the radio receiver a transmission signal comprising a full range of frequencies comprising at least the first range of frequencies or the second range frequencies; in response to receiving the transmission signal, operating the barrier operator in a third mode comprising scanning at the radio receiver the full range of frequencies. 29. The method of claim 28, further comprising: operating the barrier operator in a sleep state wherein the radio receiver does not scan frequencies. 30. The method of claim 28 further comprising alternating operation of the barrier operator between the sleep state and one of the first mode or the second mode. 31. The method of claim 30, further comprising operating in the sleep state for a range of about 200 to 600 milliseconds and then operating in the one of the first mode or the second mode for a range of about 25 to 75 milliseconds before returning to the sleep state in response to not receiving a wake signal during the one of the first mode or the second mode. 32. The method of claim 28, further comprising: receiving an indication from the power source that the power source comprises a threshold amount of power remaining; and changing the barrier operator mode of operation in response to receiving the indication. 