The present invention provides a reaction chamber to monitor a metal ion in solution during the formation of a metal-sulfide layer on a substrate. The reaction chamber houses a solution of an ammonium ion, a metal ion and a buffer. The reaction chamber includes an anion-selective electrode in the solution to monitor the metal ion that measures the metal ion during metal-ammonium complex formation, metal-thiourea complex formation, metal sulfide composition formation, metal sulfide layer formation or a combination thereof.
Claims 1. A reaction chamber to monitor a metal ion in solution during the formation of a metal-sulfide layer on a substrate comprising: a reaction chamber that houses a solution, wherein the solution comprises an ammonium ion, a metal ion, and a buffer; and an anion-selective electrode in the solution to monitor the metal ion, wherein the anion-selective electrode measures the metal ion during metal-ammonium complex formation, metal-thiourea complex formation, metal sulfide composition formation, metal sulfide layer formation or a combination thereof. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the metal ion is selected from a group consisting of silver, nickel, zinc, cadmium, tin, copper, or combinations or mixtures thereof. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the substrate comprises a solar cell. 4. A method for forming a metal layer on a solar cell substrate comprising the steps of: providing a reaction chamber in communication with a solution; combining an ammonium ion, a metal ion, and a buffer in the solution; monitoring the metal ion in the solution with an anion-selective electrode; forming a metal-ammonium complex in the reaction chamber; decomplexing the metal-ammonium complex; titrating with a thiourea composition to form a metal-thiourea complex; forming a metal sulfide composition from the metal-thiourea complex; and depositing a metal sulfide layer on a solar cell substrate in the reaction chamber. 5. The method of claim 4, wherein the metal ion is selected from a group consisting of silver, nickel, zinc, cadmium, tin, copper, or combinations or mixtures thereof. 6. A method of forming a metal sulfide layer comprising the steps of: providing a reaction chamber in communication with a solution; providing a substrate in communication with the reaction chamber and the solution; combining an ammonium ion, a metal ion, and a buffer in the solution; monitoring the metal ion in the solution with an anion-selective electrode; forming a metal-ammonium complex in the reaction chamber; decomplexing the metal-ammonium complex; titrating with a thiourea composition to form a metal-thiourea complex; forming a metal sulfide composition from the metal-thiourea complex; and depositing a metal sulfide layer on a solar cell substrate in the reaction chamber. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein the metal ion is selected from a group consisting of silver, nickel, zinc, cadmium, tin, copper or combinations or mixtures thereof. 8. The method of claim 6, further comprising the step of monitoring a metal ion concentration in the solution with the anion-selective electrode. 9. A method of identify cadmium sulfide film heterogeneous growth and cadmium sulfide powder homogenous precipitate comprising the steps of: providing a reaction chamber in communication with a solution; providing a substrate in communication with the reaction chamber and the solution; combining an ammonium ion, a cadmium ion, and a buffer in the solution; monitoring the cadmium ion in the solution with an anion-selective electrode to identify a heterogeneous cadmium sulfide film growth or a homogenous cadmium sulfide powder precipitate; forming a cadmium-ammonium complex in the reaction chamber; decomplexing the cadmium-ammonium complex; titrating with a thiourea composition to form a cadmium-thiourea complex; forming a metal sulfide composition from the cadmium-thiourea complex; and depositing a cadmium sulfide layer on a solar cell substrate in the reaction chamber. 10. A method of monitoring cadmium sulfide layer deposition on a substrate comprising the steps of: providing a reaction chamber in communication with a solution; providing a substrate in communication with the reaction chamber and the solution; combining an ammonium ion, a cadmium ion, and a buffer in the solution; monitoring the cadmium ion in the solution with an anion-selective electrode; forming a cadmium-ammonium complex in the reaction chamber; decomplexing the cadmium-ammonium complex; titrating with a thiourea composition to form a cadmium-thiourea complex; forming a cadmium sulfide composition from the cadmium-thiourea complex; and depositing a cadmium sulfide layer on a solar cell substrate in the reaction chamber. 11. A method of fabricating a semiconductor composition comprising the steps of: providing a reaction chamber in communication with a solution; providing a substrate in communication with the reaction chamber and the solution; combining an ammonium ion, a metal ion, and a buffer in the solution; monitoring the metal ion in the solution with an anion-selective electrode; forming a metal-ammonium complex in the reaction chamber; decomplexing the metal-ammonium complex; titrating with a thiourea composition to form a metal-thiourea complex; forming a metal sulfide composition from the metal-thiourea complex; and depositing a metal sulfide layer on a solar cell substrate in the reaction chamber. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein the metal ion is selected from a group consisting of silver, nickel, zinc, cadmium, tin, copper or combinations or mixtures thereof. 