Method of diagnosis for a photovoltaic generator characterized in that it implements a step of observing the evolution of its voltage when it passes from a short-circuit mode of operation to an open-circuit mode or vice versa.
Claims 1. Method of diagnosis for a photovoltaic generator, wherein it implements a step of observing the evolution of its voltage (U) as a function of time while it passes from a short-circuit mode of operation to an open-circuit mode or vice versa from an open-circuit mode of operation to a short-circuit mode. 2. Method of diagnosis for a photovoltaic generator according to claim 1, wherein it furthermore comprises a step of measuring the normal time required to attain a maximum voltage (U.sub.CO) when the photovoltaic generator passes from a short-circuit mode of operation to an open-circuit mode in a non-defective state and/or in that it furthermore comprises a step of measuring the maximum voltage (U.sub.CO). 3. Method of diagnosis for a photovoltaic generator according to claim 2, wherein the step of measuring the maximum voltage (U.sub.CO) is carried out after the photovoltaic generator has passed from a normal mode of operation to an open-circuit mode. 4. Method of diagnosis for a photovoltaic generator according to claim 1, wherein it comprises a step of measuring the time required to attain a predefined percentage of the maximum voltage (U.sub.CO) when it passes from a short-circuit mode of operation to an open-circuit mode, and a step of comparing this time with the normal time required in the case of the photovoltaic generator in the non-defective operating state, the photovoltaic generator being considered to be defective if this time exceeds a predefined threshold. 5. Method of diagnosis for a photovoltaic generator according to claim 1, wherein it comprises a step of measuring the voltage (U) across the terminals of the photovoltaic generator after a predefined time when it passes from a short-circuit mode of operation to an open-circuit mode and a step of comparing this voltage with the normal voltage attained in the case of the photovoltaic generator in the non-defective operating state, the photovoltaic generator being considered to be defective if this voltage is below a predefined threshold. 6. Method of diagnosis for a photovoltaic generator according to claim 5, wherein it comprises the following additional steps: opening of a first switch (T2) so as to cause the photovoltaic generator to pass from the closed-circuit position to the open-circuit position, by disconnecting it from its load; measurement of the stabilized maximum voltage (U.sub.CO), obtained across the terminals of the photovoltaic generator; closing of a second switch (T1) so as to place the photovoltaic generator in short-circuit and then opening of this second switch (T1) so as to place it back in open-circuit; measurement of the voltage (U) across the terminals of the photovoltaic generator obtained after a predefined time (t) and comparison of the measured voltage (U) with the maximum voltage (U.sub.CO) so as to determine the defective or non-defective state of the photovoltaic generator; closing of the first switch (T2) so as to place the photovoltaic generator back in its normal electrical production situation linked up with its load. 7. Method of diagnosis for a photovoltaic generator according to claim 5, wherein the predefined time lies between 10.sup.-7 and 10.sup.-2 seconds and/or in that the predefined percentage of the maximum voltage (U.sub.CO) is greater than 50%. 8. Method of diagnosis for a photovoltaic generator according to claim 1, wherein in the case of diagnosing the failure of the photovoltaic generator, the method determines the curve of the evolution U(I) of its voltage (U) as a function of the current (I). 9. Method of diagnosis for a photovoltaic generator according to claim 1, wherein the step of observing the evolution of its voltage (U) moreover comprises the observation of the evolution U(I) of its voltage (U) as a function of the current (I). 10. Method of diagnosis for a photovoltaic generator according to claim 9, wherein it comprises a step of detecting the kinks in the voltage-current curve so as to deduce therefrom the number of defects as well as the significance of the failure. 11. Method of diagnosis for a photovoltaic generator according to claim 10, wherein it comprises the following additional steps: opening of a first switch (T2) so as to cause the photovoltaic generator to pass from the closed-circuit position to the open-circuit position, by disconnecting it from its load; measurement of the stabilized maximum voltage (U.sub.CO), obtained across the terminals of the photovoltaic generator; closing of a second switch (T1) so as to place the photovoltaic generator in short-circuit and then opening of this second switch (T1) so as to place it back in open-circuit; measurement of the voltage (U) and of the current (I) across the terminals of the photovoltaic generator until the voltage (U) attains the maximum voltage (U.sub.CO) so as to obtain the curve U(I); closing of the first switch (T2) so as to place the photovoltaic generator back in its normal electrical production situation linked up with its load. 12. Method of diagnosis for a photovoltaic generator according to claim 1, wherein the passage from a short-circuit mode of operation to an open-circuit mode or vice versa is effected by an inverter. 13. Photovoltaic device comprising a photovoltaic generator comprising several photovoltaic cells, wherein it comprises at least two switches (T1; T2) so as to allow at least one cell of the photovoltaic generator to pass from a short-circuit mode of operation to an open-circuit mode or vice versa, and in that it comprises a microcontroller or CPU implementing the method of diagnosis for the photovoltaic generator according to claim 1. 14. Photovoltaic device according to claim 13, wherein a first switch (T2) is able to link or not the photovoltaic generator to an external load such as a battery or an electrical network, and in that at least one second switch (T1) is in parallel with at least one cell of the photovoltaic generator. 15. Photovoltaic device according to claim 13, wherein the microcontroller or CPU is that of an inverter able to link the photovoltaic device to an electrical network or in that the microcontroller or CPU is integrated into a housing disposed at the level of the photovoltaic generator. 