Provided are a CDI electrode and a method for manufacturing a module using the same. A hybridized electrode manufactured by the manufacturing method of the present invention can manufacture a CDI electrode capable of increasing adsorption efficiency and rate of ions and selectively adsorbing cation and anion, thereby simply and inexpensively manufacturing the CDI electrode module without using a cation-exchange membrane and an anion-exchange membrane.
Claims 1. A power exchange system of distributed power connected to a main grid of a commercial power supply to exchange power, comprising: a grid context analysis module configured to predictedly analyze power generation or power consumption of objects electrically connected to a distributed power supply in real time to generate exchange support information; an exchange module configured to control power exchange with the main grid based on the exchange support information; and a settlement module configured to control cost settlement according to an exchange of power with the main grid. 2. The system of claim 1, further comprising: a mobile monitoring module configured to sense an abnormal operation using a context signal received from a monitoring device disposed in the distribution power supply and transmit an alarm message to a mobile of a supervisor in a wired or a wireless manner at the time of sensing the abnormal operation. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the grid context analysis module includes: a real-time analysis module configured to analyze real-time power situation based on power generation information and consumer information; and a prediction module configured to predict future power generation and power consumption based on device status information, issue information, annual power generation, consumption data information, and weather information. 4. The system of claim 3, wherein the power generation information includes: real-time power generation data and accumulated power generation amount data received from a passive power generator in the distributed power supplier; real-time charging voltage data, real-time discharging power data and accumulated discharging power data received from the battery in the distributed power supplier; and real-time power generation data and accumulated power generation amount data received from an active power generator in the distributed power supplier. 5. The system of claim 3, wherein the device status information includes electrical status information of a passive power generator, a battery, and an active power generator in the distributed power supplier. 6. The system of claim 5, wherein the electrical status information includes any one of voltage information, current information, phase information, and frequency information. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the exchange module includes: a first command processing unit configured to determine whether a sum of the expected power generation amount and a battery charging power amount of the passive power generator in the passive power generator is larger than the expected power consumption amount and if it is determined that a sum of the expected power generation amount and the battery charging power amount of the passive power generator is larger than the expected power consumption amount, processes a command transmitting it from the distributed power supply to the consumer group; and a second command processing unit configured to determine whether power generation cost of the active power generator is lower than purchasing cost from main grid purchasing cost by using purchase price information of the main grid if the sum of the expected power generation amount and the battery charging power amount of the passive power generator is smaller than the power consumption amount to process a command driving the active power generator if the power generation cost of the active power generator is lower than the main grid purchasing cost and process a command to purchase commercial power from the main grid if the power generation cost of the active power generator is higher than the main grid purchase cost. 8. The system of claim 1, further comprising: a passive power generation source configured to passively transform energy in the natural world into electric energy depending on a natural phenomenon; a battery electrically connected to the passive power generator and charged when the power generation of the passive power generator is excessive and discharged when the power generation of the passive power generator is insufficient to stabilize an output from the passive power generator; and an active power generator electrically connected to the passive power generator and supplementing power by generating power when the output from only the passive power generator and the battery does not meet power consumption. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein the passive power generator is at least any one of wind power generation, solar power generation, tidal power generation, and wave power generation. 10. The system of claim 8, wherein the active power generator is at least any one of bio energy power generation, water power generation, steam power generation, fuel cell power generation, and diesel power generation. 11. The system of claim 2, wherein the mobile monitoring module receives an image signal and a detection signal received from an image pick-up device and an invasion sensing sensor disposed in the distributed power supply, respectively, transmits an alarm message to a monitoring device in a wired or wireless manner at the time of sensing an abnormal operation from the detected image signal and the detection signal, and transmits various power data received to the grid context analysis module from the passive power generator, the battery, and the active power generator in the distributed power supply. 12. A power exchange method of distributed generation connected to a main grid of a commercial power supply to exchange power, comprising: a grid context analysis step of generating exchange support information by predictedly analyzing power generation or power consumption of objects electrically connected to a distributed power supply in real time; an exchange step of controlling power exchange with the main grid based on the exchange support information; and a settlement step of controlling cost settlement according to an exchange of power with the main grid. 13. The method of claim 12, further comprising: a mobile monitoring step of sensing an abnormal operation using a context signal received from a monitoring device disposed in the distribution power supply and transmitting an alarm message to a mobile of a supervisor in a wired or a wireless manner at the time of sensing the abnormal operation. 14. The method of claim 12, wherein the grid context analysis step includes: analyzing real-time power situation based on power generation information and consumer information; and predicting future power generation and power consumption based on device status information, issue information, annual power generation, consumption data information, and weather information. 15. The method of claim 12, wherein the exchanging includes: a first command processing step of determining whether a sum of the expected power generation amount and a battery charging power amount of the passive power generator in the passive power generator is larger than the expected power consumption amount and if it is determined that a sum of the expected power generation amount and the battery charging power amount of the passive power generator is larger than the expected power consumption amount, processing a command transmitting it from the distributed power supply to the consumer group; and a second command processing step of determining whether power generation cost of the active power generator is lower than purchasing cost from main grid purchasing cost by using purchase price information of the main grid if the sum of the expected power generation amount and the battery charging power amount of the passive power generator is smaller than the power consumption amount to process a command driving the active power generator if the power generation cost of the active power generator is lower than the main grid purchasing cost and process a command to purchase commercial power from the main grid if the power generation cost of the active power generator is higher than the main grid purchase cost. 16. The method of claim 13, wherein at the mobile monitoring step, an image signal and a detection signal received from an image pick-up device and an invasion sensing sensor disposed in the distributed power supply, respectively, are received, an alarm message is transmitted to a monitoring device in a wired or wireless manner at the time of sensing an abnormal operation from the detected image signal and the detection signal, and various power data received to the grid context analysis module from the passive power generator, the battery, and the active power generator in the distributed power supply are transmitted to a monitoring device. 