System for controlling electrical equipment units on an offshore structure comprising an explosion proof housing closable with a panel door, at least one controller module mountable in the housing, arranged for autonomously controlling an electrical equipment unit, wherein the panel door comprises an operating module arranged for operating the at least one controller module and for providing status indication of the at least one controller module.
Claims 1. System for controlling electrical equipment units on an offshore structure comprising an explosion proof housing comprising a panel door for closing the housing; at least one controller module mountable in the housing, arranged for autonomously controlling an electrical equipment unit; wherein the housing comprises an operating module arranged for operating the at least one controller module and for providing status indication of the at least one controller module. 2. System according to claim 1, wherein the controller module comprises a box with a power input connection for receiving power from a power source, a communication connection for communicating with the operating module and/or a controller module and/or an electrical equipment unit, a power output connection for supplying controlled power to the electrical equipment unit, a converter for converting input power voltage to output power voltage, an earth fault detector, a control element with control variables programmable depending on the electrical equipment unit to be controlled, a monitoring element for monitoring input and/or output and/or control variables, a user interface element. 3. System according to claim 1, wherein the housing comprises a further controller module mountable in the housing for autonomously controlling an electrical equipment unit. 4. System according to claim 3, wherein the controller modules are configurable depending on the electrical equipment unit to be controlled. 5. System according to claim 3, wherein the controller modules are programmable via the operating module. 6. System according to claim 1, wherein the operating module is explosion proof arranged in the housing. 7. System according to claim 6, wherein the operating module is arranged in the panel door. 8. System according to claim 1, wherein the operating module comprises input means for providing input to the operating module and display means for displaying the status indication of the controller modules. 9. System according to claim 8, wherein the panel door comprises a window opening with a reinforced glass panel for receiving the display means and through which the display means are operable. 10. System according to claim 8, wherein the input means is a touch panel for receiving manual input. 11. System according to claim 9, wherein the reinforced glass panel comprises the touch panel. 12. System according to claim 3, wherein the controller modules have a corresponding predetermined footprint for mounting in the housing. 13. System according to claim 12, wherein the housing is provided with coupling means arranged in a predetermined configuration for receiving a number of controller modules with corresponding footprints. 14. System according to claim 12, wherein the controller modules have corresponding external dimensions for arrangement in the housing. 15. System according to claim 1, wherein the electrical equipment unit is one of a group of: a navigation aid lighting unit, an obstacle lighting unit, a helicopter deck lighting unit, a foghorn unit, a solar cell panel unit and a battery system unit. 