The structure installation mount of the present invention is including cross-pieces 11 used for mounting a structure and fastening devices 15 used for securing the cross-pieces 11 to a foundation. The fastening device 15 has a supporting plate 15c having formed therein at least two through holes 15f spaced apart lengthwise of the cross-piece 11 when mounted to the cross-piece 11, and a base plate 15a having formed therein an elongated aperture 15e whose long dimension is equal to or longer than the distance measured in the most remote through holes between the perimeter edges of the through holes that are at their greatest distance apart lengthwise of the cross-piece 11. When the respective through holes overlapping with the through holes 15f formed in supporting plate 15c are viewed as a single group, the cross-piece 11 has multiple groups of through holes 11h formed in the longitudinal direction of the cross-piece 11. The supporting plate 15c and the cross-piece 11 are joined via mutually overlapping through holes 15f in the supporting plate 15c and the through holes 11h in cross-piece 11. The base plate 15a is joined to a foundation through the elongated aperture 15e of the fastening device 15.
Claims 1. A structure installation mount including cross-pieces for mounting a structure and fastening devices that are used to secure these cross-pieces to a foundation, wherein the fastening devices have a supporting section having formed therein at least two through holes which, upon mounting to the cross-pieces, are spaced apart lengthwise of the cross-pieces, and a base section having formed therein an elongated aperture that is equal to or longer than a distance between both outer sides of the through holes; when the through holes formed in the supporting section of the fastening device and the respective through holes overlapping with these through holes are viewed as a single group, a plurality of groups of through holes are formed in the cross-pieces in a longitudinal direction of the cross-pieces; the supporting section of the fastening device and the, cross-pieces are joined via mutually overlapping through holes in the supporting section of the fastening device and through holes in the cross-pieces; and the base section of the fastening device is joined to the foundation through the elongated aperture in the fastening device. 2. The structure installation mount according to claim 1, wherein the cross-pieces have an upright plate that is set upright on the foundation, and a plurality of groups of through holes are formed in the upright plate in the longitudinal direction of the cross-pieces. 3. The structure installation mount according to claim 1, wherein the cross-pieces are formed by interconnecting a plurality of cross-piece members, and through holes respectively overlapping with the through holes in the supporting section of the fastening device are formed in two adjacent cross-piece members at a point of their interconnection such that the through holes sandwich the point of interconnection. 4. The structure installation mount according to claim 3, comprising an interconnecting device having formed therein through holes respectively overlapping with the through holes in the supporting section of the fastening device, wherein the two cross-piece members are joined to the interconnecting device via mutually overlapping through holes in the cross-piece members and through holes in the interconnecting devices; and the two cross-piece members are interconnected via the interconnecting device. 5. The structure installation mount according to claim 4, wherein the point of interconnection between the two cross-piece members is sandwiched between the supporting section of the fastening device and the interconnecting device; the two cross-piece members, the supporting section of the fastening device, and the interconnecting device are joined together via mutually overlapping through holes in the cross-piece members, through holes in the supporting section of the fastening device, and through holes in the interconnecting device; and the two cross-piece members are interconnected via the fastening device and the interconnecting device. 6. The structure installation mount according to claim 1, wherein the cross-pieces have a bottom plate, an upright plate bent from one edge of this bottom plate, and a top plate produced by bending from the top edge of the upright plate; the two cross-pieces are disposed parallel to each other; the upright plates of the cross-pieces are secured to the foundation using the fastening devices; and a structure is mounted onto the top plates of the cross-pieces in a bridging manner. 7. The structure installation mount according to claim 6, wherein the heights of the cross-pieces secured to the foundation are different, the top plates of the cross-pieces are in substantially the same inclined plane, and the structure is mounted onto the top plates of the cross-piece members at an angle. 8. The structure installation mount according to claim 7, comprising a beam member secured between the cross-pieces in a bridging manner, and a stopper located at one end of the beam member is disposed on the inclined lower side of the structure placed on the top plates of the cross-pieces and is provided so as to receive one edge of the structure. 9. The structure installation mount according to claim 1, wherein the foundation is formed from foundation cross-pieces extending in a direction perpendicular to the above-mentioned cross-pieces and the base section of the fastening device is joined to the foundation cross-pieces via the elongated aperture in the base section. 10. A support device for structure installation including cross-pieces and fastening devices, wherein the fastening devices have a supporting section having formed therein at least two through holes which, upon mounting to a cross-piece, are spaced apart lengthwise of the cross-piece, and a base section having formed therein an elongated aperture that is equal to or longer than a distance between both outer sides of the through holes and, when the through holes formed in the supporting sections of the fastening device and the respective through holes overlapping with these through holes are viewed as a single group, a plurality of groups of through holes are formed in the cross-pieces in a longitudinal direction of the cross-pieces. 11. A solar photovoltaic system obtained by mounting a solar cell module, i.e. structure, to a structure installation mount according to claim 1. 