A water heating system and method of operating the same. The system includes a first water heater having a first heating source of a first type. The system further includes a second water heater having a second heating source of a second type. A valve having a first interface that is connected to the cold water source, a second interface that is connected to a first cold water inlet of the first water heater, a third interface that is connected to a second hot water outlet of the second water heater, and a fourth interface connected to the hot water outlet of the first water heater. A motor positions the changeover valve to one of at least three positions. A control circuit includes a temperature sensor near the first hot water outlet of the first water heater, and a controller coupled to the first temperature sensor and the motor.
Claims 1. A water heating system comprising: a first water heater having a first heating source of a first type, a first cold water inlet, and a first hot water outlet; a second water heater having a second heating source of a second type, a second cold water inlet connected to a cold water source, and a second hot water outlet; a valve having a first interface connected to the cold water source, a second interface connected to the first cold water inlet of the first water heater, a third interface connected to the second hot water outlet of the second water heater, a fourth interface connected to the hot water outlet of the first water heater, a motor positioning the changeover valve to one of at least three positions including a first position defined by the first interface being interconnected to the second interface, a second position defined by the second interface being interconnected to the third interface, and a third position defined by the third interface being interconnected to the fourth interface a control circuit including a temperature sensor near the first hot water outlet of the first water heater, a controller coupled to the first temperature sensor and the motor and configured to control the motor based on a sensed temperature by the temperature sensor. 2. The water heating system of claim 1, wherein the motor further positions the changeover valve to a fourth position defined by the third interface being interconnected to the second and fourth interfaces concurrently. 3. The water heating system of claim 1, wherein the second type is different from the first type. 4. The water heating system of claim 1, wherein the first heating source of the first type includes an electric heating source and the second heating source of the second type includes a gas heating source, and the first water heater is a storage water heater and the second water heater is an instantaneous water heater. 5. The water heating system of claim 1, wherein the first heating source of the first type includes an electric heating source and the second heating source of the second type includes a solar heating source. 6. The water heating system of claim 5, wherein the control circuit further includes a second temperature sensor near the second hot water outlet of the second water heater, and the controller is further configured to control the motor based on a second sensed temperature by the second temperature sensor. 7. The water heating system of claim 1, wherein the control circuit further includes a second temperature sensor near the second hot water outlet of the second water heater, and the controller is further configured to control the motor based on a second sensed temperature by the second temperature sensor. 8. The water heating system of claim 1, wherein the first water heater includes a storage tank, the control circuit further includes a second temperature sensor near the second hot water outlet of the second water heater and a third temperature sensor near the storage tank, and the controller is further configured to control the motor based on a second sensed temperature by the second temperature sensor and a third sensed temperature by the third temperature sensor. 9. A method of controlling the water heater of claim 1, the method comprising: controlling the motor to position the valve in the first position; monitoring the sensed temperature for a temperature value; monitoring the sensed temperature for a temperature variation; determining if the temperature variation is greater than a first set value; determining if the sensed temperature traverses the temperature value; controlling the motor to move the valve from the first position to the second position after the temperature variation is greater than the first set value and the sensed temperature traverses the temperature value; maintaining the motor at the second position for a time period; and controlling the motor, after the time period, to position the valve in the third position. 10. A method of controlling the water heater of claim 7, the method comprising: controlling the motor to position the valve in the first position; monitoring the sensed temperature for a first temperature value; monitoring the sensed temperature for a temperature variation; determining if the temperature variation traverses a first set value; determining if the sensed temperature traverses the first temperature value; controlling the motor to position the valve in the second position after the temperature variation traverses the first set value and the sensed temperature traverses the first temperature value; monitoring the second sensed temperature for a second temperature value; determining if the second sensed temperature is greater than the first sensed temperature; and controlling the motor to move the valve from the second position toward the third position after determining the second sensed temperature is greater than the first sensed temperature. 11. The method of claim 10, further comprising: monitoring the second sensed temperature for a second temperature variation; determining if the second temperature variation traverses a second set value within a time interval; and controlling the motor to move the valve to the third position after the time interval when determining the second temperature variation traverses the second set value within the time interval. 12. The method of claim 11, further comprising: controlling the motor to move the valve to the third position when determining the second temperature variation does not traverse the second set value within the time interval. 13. A method of controlling the water heater of claim 6, the method further comprising: controlling the motor to position the valve in the first position; monitoring the sensed temperature for a first temperature value; monitoring the sensed temperature for a temperature variation; determining if the temperature variation is greater than a first set value; determining if the sensed temperature traverses the first temperature value; controlling the motor to position the valve from the first position to the second position after the temperature variation is greater than a first set value and the sensed temperature traverses the first temperature value; monitoring the second sensed temperature for a second temperature value, determining if the second sensed temperature is greater than the first sensed temperature; and controlling the motor to move the valve from the second position toward the third position after determining the second sensed temperature is greater than the first sensed temperature. 14. The method of claim 13, further comprising: monitoring the second sensed temperature for a second temperature variation; determining if the second temperature variation traverses a second set value within a time interval; and controlling the motor to move the valve to the third position after the time interval when determining the second temperature variation traverses the second set value within the time interval. 15. The method of claim 14, further comprising: controlling the motor to move the valve to the third position when determining the second temperature variation does not traverse the second set value within the time interval. 