A system for managing loads and detecting outages over electric power lines that comprises wireless temperature sensors which are attached to bare conductors of the electric power line(s), at line junctions or lines' splitting points, for sensing temperatures generated by the currents flow in the conductors. The system also includes a Current Measurement Units (CMU) for wirelessly reading the temperature sensed by the sensors, to allow cheap, rapid and easy RMS currents measurements on power lines at any voltage levels, by using temperature into current conversion formulas and tables.
Claims 1. A system for managing loads and detecting outages over electric power lines, comprising: a. At least one wireless temperature sensor attached to bare conductors of said electric power line(s), at line junctions or lines' splitting points, for sensing temperatures generated by the currents flow in said conductors; and b. A Current Measurement Units (CMU) for wirelessly reading the temperature sensed by said sensor(s), thereby enabling cheap, rapid and easy RMS currents measurements on power lines at any voltage levels, by using temperature into current conversion formulas and tables. 2. A system according to claim 1, in which the CMU comprising the following modules: a. a reader and its corresponding antenna for endlessly scanning the temperatures sensor(s), thereby reading the temperatures generated by the line cables currents; b. analog-digital and digital-analog converters; c. a controller for converting the temperature readings into currents according to conversion tables adjusted experimentally in laboratory for the type, cross section and material of the conductors and the ambient temperature; and d. a power supply module. 3. A system according to claim 2, in which the reader are selected from the group consisting of: temperature readers, RFID reader, SAW RFID reader or combination thereof. 4. A system according to claim 2, in which the CMU further comprising a wireless transceiver and it corresponding antenna for transferring data regarding the temperatures readings to a remote control center. 5. A system according to claim 4, in which the transmission mode of the wireless transceiver is adapted to the network's configuration and customers requirements. 6. A system according to claim 5, in which network's configuration including optical fibers in shield wires of transmission lines (or in phases' cables). 7. A system according to claim 2, in which the CMU further comprising a Hall Effect Sensor/Switch for enabling detection and localization of lines' outages. 8. A system according to claim 7, in which each CMU's geographic coordinates are stored in the computers of the Control Center or in the controller of said CMU to enable providing the reparation teams with the relevant GPS data enabling the localization of lines' outages and access instructions to the downstream electric tower where currents are still flowing in the splitting line, and the next downstream electric tower which is out of power to enable working teams fast reparation. 9. A system according to claim 7, in which each CMU has its unique ID number associated to its n-1 line conductors (and one reference temperature conductor), referring to the number of the pole/tower on which said CMU is mounted, having its geographic coordinates stored in the Control Center's computers enabling to identify the CMU's transmitted temperatures and currents data, provided by the said CMU, and to provide to the working/reparation teams the GPS access instructions to the downstream electric tower equipped with a CMU where currents are still flowing in one or more of the splitting lines, and the next downstream electric tower equipped with a CMU, which is out of power to enable working teams fast localization and reparation. 10. A system according to claim 2, in which the CMU having a decoding reader(s) and the Hall Effect Switches to transmit the currents' reading results and outage burst messages correspondingly via a controller module and a transceiver module. 11. A system according to claim 1, further comprising a Data Collection Scanning transceiver or plurality of Data Collection Scanning transceivers connected to a SCADA, SPC, HMI programs completing a full Manufacturing Execution System (MES) on a high speed quad-core CPU to provide for the operators at the Loading Control Monitors, a real time loads management information and outages detection indications and localization. 12. A system according to claim 11, in which the data collecting scanning transceivers are possibly placed in the substations to collect data from CMUs accumulated by cascade methods to save scanning time and been sent in batch, current upstream, to the substations and then in batches to a central or main Data Collection Scanning transceiver. 13. A system according to claim 11, further comprising an Interface Generator for enabling to work in harmony with the Other Customers' Programs and Systems. 14. A system according to claim 1, in which the wireless temperature sensor is a passive Temperature SAW RFID Tag, a SAW resonator, or any other type of wireless temperature sensor. 15. A system according to claim 1, in which the temperature sensor is attached to the bare cable by any thermal conduction method. 16. A system according to claim 1, in which the temperature sensor is attached to the bare cable by being bonded in a niche under a special clip made of the same material as the line conductor (usually aluminum and cuprum alloys), with a special tooth and slot to assure good press of the clip by pressure and good heat transmission by using a heat conducting epoxy or any other appropriate heat sink compound; and wherein the pressed and bonded clip is or may have a slot for the antenna of the temperature sensor, and/or may be covered by a UV protected and temperature insulating heat shrinking plastic, forming a bonded jacket with some overlapping on the bare conductor out of the clip area and one or more layers around the conductor, to assure good protection against fast change in weather conditions like rain or wind blows which could introduce errors in temperature readings. 17. A system according to claim 1, further comprising a reference temperature sensor for providing an ambient temperature indication to the CMU. 18. A system according to claim 1, further comprising one or more Integrated Thermal Cameras connected to the CMU for providing temporarily or as a final solution, the cables' temperatures (especially for transmission lines where one should wait until the maintenance or reparation works, to enable tags attachment at such high voltage levels or where cables elongation indications/alarms are also desired). 19. A system according to claim 2, in which the Power Supply further comprises a Backup Unit for providing alternative DC Low Voltage for the CMU and its modules. 20. A system according to claim 19, in which the backup unit includes a Lithium Battery type or equivalent, having backing capability duration according to customers' requirements and regional climate conditions. 21. A system according to claim 2, in which the Power Supply is powered by an Inductive Charger, a PV Solar Panel, connected directly to Low Voltage Power Line or any combination thereof. 22. A method for managing loads and detecting outages over electric power lines, comprising the step of: a. providing at least one wireless temperature sensor attached to bare conductors of said electric power line(s), at line junctions or lines' splitting points, for sensing temperature according to the current flow in said conductors; and b. wirelessly reading said sensed temperature by CMU while using temperature into current conversion formulas and tables. 23. A method according to claim 22, wherein reading the generated temperature by the CMU comprising the steps of: a. endlessly scanning the temperature sensor(s) for reading the generated temperature by CMU's Reader; b. converting said read generated temperature from analog signal into digital data; and c. converting the temperature readings into currents according to conversion tables adjusted experimentally in laboratory for the type, cross section and material of the conductors and the ambient temperature. 24. A method according to claim 22, wherein the CMU further comprising transferring data regarding the temperature reading to a remote control center via a wireless transceiver and its corresponding geographic coordinates. 25. A method according to claim 22, wherein the CMU further comprising detecting lines' outages by using a Hall Effect Sensor/Switch and generating burst outage messages. 26. A method according to claim 22, wherein the geographic coordinates of each CMU reporting an outage are stored in the computers of the Control Center to enable the localization of lines' outages and GPS access instructions to the downstream electric tower where currents are still flowing in one or more of the splitting lines, and the next downstream electric tower which is out of power to enable working teams fast localization and reparation by using a GPS device. 27. A method according to claim 24, wherein the data transmitted by the CMU is collected in a computerized center having a MES program including a SCADA, SPC and HMI, for analyzing the data and making the relevant comparisons (according to the grid management requirements), of currents measured in real time, to currents measured in previous same hours of the day at previous working days or not working days or same kind power consumption days, and so on, to give to the controllers at the control center according to their requirements the relevant information about significant deviations from normal rating currents on their loading control monitors. 28. A method according to claim 25, wherein the burst outage messages are directed to an Outage Control Monitor at the Control Center, thereby enabling the operators to read the messages and get the GPS information about the location and access to the outage relevant tower(s) or pole(s) where said outage occur, and to get other relevant screen windows, to enable better operation decisions. 29. A method according to claim 24, wherein the remote control center is able by summation of currents of each splitting point downstream, comparing to the currents of each phase at the previous splitting point upstream, to detect any leakage or pirate connection where such phenomenon exists. 30. A method according to claim 27, wherein the MES program comprising the steps of: a. enabling the system to communicate and coordinate with other customer's programs and systems, for data exchange using an Interface Generator; and b. enabling to change formats and data displayed on the Monitors' screens and for displaying also information from said other customer's programs and systems using a Display Generator. 