An apparatus for securing solar panels to a roof includes a photovoltaic cell and a mounting frame sized to receive the photovoltaic cell. The mounting frame is configured to be securely fastened directly to a roof of a structure and form a vapor barrier on the roof.
Claims 1. An apparatus comprising: a photovoltaic cell; and a mounting frame sized to receive said photovoltaic cell; wherein said mounting frame is configured to be securely fastened directly to a roof of a structure and form a vapor barrier on said roof. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said mounting frame further comprises a weather proof flashing configured to be secured to said roof. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said photovoltaic cell further comprises a sensor. 4. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein said sensor comprises one of a thermal sensor, a pressure sensor, or a light transmissibility sensor. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said mounting frame further comprises: a base; a plurality of side walls coupled to said base and extending vertically from said base; and a plurality of support structures formed on said base, said plurality of support structures being configured to support said photovoltaic cell above said base. 6. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein said plurality of support structures define at least one vent channel configured to direct air beneath said photovoltaic cell. 7. The apparatus of claim 6, wherein said photovoltaic cell further comprises a plurality of leads coupled to said photovoltaic cell, wherein said leads are disposed in said at least one vent channel when said apparatus is assembled. 8. The apparatus of claim 5, further comprising a wall coupler disposed on a top surface of said plurality of sidewalls to seal adjacent side walls. 9. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein said plurality of support structures formed on said base comprise a rectangular cross-section. 10. The apparatus of claim 5, wherein said plurality of support structures formed on said base comprise a circular cross-section. 11. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said photovoltaic cell further comprises a semiconductor having a back contact, a p-type semiconductor, an n-type semiconductor, a contact grid, an anti-reflective coating, and a cover glass substrate. 12. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein said cover glass substrate is surface treated to appear as asphalt shingles. 13. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein said cover glass substrate is treated by one of a painting process or an etching process. 14. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said photovoltaic cell comprises one of a monocrystalline silicon cell, a multicrystalline silicon cell, a micromorphous silicon cell, a thick film silicon cell, an amorphous silicon cell, a cadmium telluride (CdTe) based cell, a copper indium diselenide (CIS) based cell, or an inverted metamorphic multijunction solar cell. 15. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein said photovoltaic cell further comprises a surface appearance layer formed adjacent to said cover glass substrate, wherein said surface appearance layer includes a shingle pattern. 16. An apparatus comprising: a photovoltaic cell; and a mounting frame sized to receive said photovoltaic cell, wherein said mounting frame further includes a base, a plurality of side walls coupled to said base and extending vertically from said base, and a plurality of support structures formed on said base, said plurality of support structures being configured to support said photovoltaic cell above said base; wherein said plurality of support structures define at least one vent channel configured to direct air beneath said photovoltaic cell; wherein said mounting frame is configured to be securely fastened directly to a roof of a structure and form a vapor barrier on said roof; wherein said photovoltaic cell further comprises a semiconductor having a back contact, a p-type semiconductor, an n-type semiconductor, a contact grid, an anti-reflective coating, and a cover glass substrate; and wherein said cover glass substrate is surface treated to appear as asphalt shingles. 17. The apparatus of claim 16, wherein said photovoltaic cell further comprises a plurality of leads coupled to said photovoltaic cell, wherein said leads are disposed in said at least one vent channel when said apparatus is assembled. 18. The apparatus of claim 16, further comprising a wall coupler disposed on a top surface of said plurality of sidewalls to seal adjacent side walls. 19. An entire roof solar panel system, comprising: a plurality of photovoltaic cells wherein said plurality of photovoltaic cells each comprises a semiconductor having a back contact, a p-type semiconductor, an n-type semiconductor, a contact grid, an anti-reflective coating, and a cover glass substrate and wherein said cover glass substrate is surface treated to appear as asphalt shingles; a plurality of modifiable blank cells including a cover glass that is surface treated to appear as asphalt shingles; and a plurality of interlocking mounting frames sized to receive said photovoltaic cells and said plurality of modifiable blank cells, wherein each of said plurality of interlocking mounting frames further includes a base, a plurality of side walls coupled to said base and extending vertically from said base, and a plurality of support structures formed on said base, said plurality of support structures being configured to support said photovoltaic cells and said blanks above said base; wherein said plurality of support structures define at least one vent channel configured to direct air beneath said photovoltaic cells; wherein said interlocking mounting frames are configured to be securely fastened directly to a roof of a structure and form a vapor barrier on said roof. 20. The entire roof solar panel system of claim 19, further comprising a top cap member coupled to said plurality of interlocking mounting frames at a peek of said roof. 