According to one embodiment, a polymer material includes two or more different repeating units each containing a quinoxaline backbone. At least one of the repeating units includes a halogen atom.
Claims 1. A polymer material comprising: at least one material selected from the group consisting of first to seventh materials, wherein the first material is a polymer including two or more different repeating units each containing a quinoxaline backbone, at least one of the repeating units including a halogen atom; the second material is a polymer including a repeating unit represented by formula (1) and a repeating unit represented by formula (2), the repeating unit represented by formula (1) and the repeating unit represented by formula (2) being different from each other, at least one of the repeating unit represented by formula (1) and the repeating unit represented by formula (2) including a halogen atom; ##STR00024## the third material is a polymer including a repeating unit represented by formula (3); ##STR00025## the fourth material is a polymer including a repeating unit represented by formula (4); ##STR00026## the fifth material is a polymer including a repeating unit represented by formula (5) and a repeating unit represented by formula (6), the repeating unit represented by formula (5) and the repeating unit represented by formula (6) being different from each other, at least one of the repeating unit represented by formula (5) and the repeating unit represented by formula (6) including a halogen atom; ##STR00027## the sixth material is a polymer including a repeating unit represented by formula (7); ##STR00028## the seventh material is a polymer including a repeating unit represented by formula (8); ##STR00029## X.sup.1, X.sup.2, X.sup.3, X.sup.4, Y.sup.1, Y.sup.2, Y.sup.3, and Y.sup.4 are identically or differently S or Se, Ar.sup.1, Ar.sup.2, Ar.sup.3, and Ar.sup.4 are identically or differently an aromatic group in which an H atom may be unsubstituted or substituted by a halogen atom or by a substituent containing a halogen atom, Ar.sup.5 and Ar.sup.6 are identically or differently an aromatic group, at least one of Ar.sup.5 and Ar.sup.6 having a halogen atom or a substituent containing a halogen atom, A and B are identically or differently carbazole, a carbazole derivative, fluorene or a fluorene derivative, and C and D are identically or differently an aromatic ring. 2. The polymer material according to claim 1, wherein the at least one material is the first material. 3. The polymer material according to claim 1, wherein the at least one material is the second material. 4. The polymer material according to claim 1, wherein the at least one the material is the third material. 5. The polymer material according to claim 1, wherein the at least one material is the fourth material. 6. The polymer material according to claim 1, wherein the at least one material is the fifth material. 7. The polymer material according to claim 1, wherein the at least one material is the sixth material. 8. The polymer material according to claim 1, wherein the at least one material is the seventh material. 9. The polymer material according to claim 1, comprising: at least two materials selected from the group consisting of the first to fourth materials. 10. The polymer material according to claim 1, comprising: at least two materials selected from the group consisting of the first and fifth to seventh materials. 11. The polymer material according to claim 1, comprising: the third material; and a polymer including a repeating unit represented by formula (9) ##STR00030## wherein X.sup.5 and Y.sup.5 are identically or differently S or Se. 12. The polymer material according to claim 1, wherein the halogen atom is a fluorine atom. 13. The polymer material according to claim 1, wherein the at least one material is the second material or the fifth material, and wherein X.sup.1, X.sup.2, Y.sup.1, and Y.sup.2 are S, Ar.sup.1 and Ar.sup.2 are a phenyl group in which an H atom is substituted by a perfluoromethyl group, Ar.sup.3 and Ar.sup.4 are a phenyl group, and A and B are a carbazole derivative. 14. The polymer material according to claim 1, wherein the at least one material is the third material or the sixth material, and wherein X.sup.3 and Y.sup.3 are S, Ar.sup.5 and Ar.sup.6 are a phenyl group in which an H atom is substituted by a perfluoromethyl group or a perfluoroethyl group, and A is a carbazole derivative or a fluorene derivative. 15. The polymer material according to claim 1, wherein at least one material is the fourth material or the seventh material, and wherein X.sup.4 and Y.sup.4 are S, C and D are a benzene ring, and A is a fluorene derivative. 16. The polymer material according to claim 11, wherein X.sup.3, Y.sup.3, X.sup.5, and Y.sup.5 are S, and Ar.sup.5 and Ar.sup.6 are a phenyl group in which an H atom is substituted by a perfluoromethyl group. 17. A solar cell comprising: a positive electrode; a negative electrode; and a photoelectric conversion layer which is interposed between the positive electrode and the negative electrode and contains the polymer material according to claim 1. 18. A solar photovoltaic generation system comprising: the solar cell according to claim 17; an inverter which converts a DC power output from the photovoltaic cell into an AC power; and a storage cell which stores at least a part of an excessive amount of power when the electric power output from the photovoltaic cell exceeds user's power consumption, and outputs the stored electric power when the electric power output from the photovoltaic cell is below the user's power consumption. 