A wireless power source includes a computer display comprising a planar source resonator configured to receive power from the display, wherein the source resonator generates an oscillating magnetic field in a region surrounding the display when the display is powered on, and the source resonator delivers useful power to at least one device resonator in the region surrounding the display.
Claims 1. A wireless power source, comprising: a computer display comprising a planar source resonator configured to receive power from the display, wherein the source resonator generates an oscillating magnetic field in a region surrounding the display when the display is powered on, and wherein the source resonator delivers useful power to at least one device resonator in the region surrounding the display. 2. The source of claim 1, wherein the source supplies wireless power to a keyboard. 3. The source of claim 1, wherein the source supplies wireless power to a computer mouse. 4. The source of claim 1, wherein the source supplies wireless power to another computer. 5. The source of claim 1, wherein the source supplies wireless power to a phone. 6. The source of claim 1, wherein the source supplies wireless power to a repeater resonator. 7. The source of claim 1, wherein the source supplies wireless power to a battery pack. 8. A wireless power source, comprising: an electronic device comprising an electronic display and a planar source resonator configured to receive power from the electronic device, wherein the source resonator generates an oscillating magnetic field in a region surrounding the electronic device when the electronic device is powered on, and wherein the source resonator delivers useful power to at least one receiver resonator in the region surrounding the electronic device. 9. The source of claim 8, wherein the electronic device is any one of a computer, a phone, a television, a digital picture frame, a vehicle display, an appliance display, and a built-in display. 10. The source of claim 8, wherein the electronic device receives power from any one of a power supply, a wall plug, a battery, a fuel cell, a solar panel, a renewable energy source, an amplifier, and another wireless power source. 11. The source of claim 8, wherein any one of a keyboard, a computer mouse, a computer, a phone, a camera, a battery pack, a controller, a light, and a desktop accessory comprises the receiver resonator. 12. The source of claim 8, wherein the source resonator is retrofit into the electronic device. 13. The source of claim 8, wherein the source supplies wireless power to a repeater resonator. 14. The source of claim 8, configured to monitor power usage. 15. The source of claim 8, wherein the receiver resonator comprises a planar resonator. 16. The source of claim 8, wherein the source is configured to supply power to the receiver resonator when the receiver resonator comprises a magnetic resonator with a dipole moment substantially orthogonal to the resonator structure. 17. The source of claim 1, wherein the source resonator is retrofit into the computer display. 18. The source of claim 1, configured to monitor power usage. 19. The source of claim 1, wherein the receiver resonator comprises a planar resonator. 20. The source of claim 1, wherein the source is configured to supply power to the receiver resonator when the receiver resonator comprises a magnetic resonator with a dipole moment substantially orthogonal to the resonator structure. 