In a device for supplying electrical energy from a plurality of strings of photovoltaic modules to a power grid that includes a connection terminal for each string of the plurality of strings, wherein each connection terminal includes an over-current protection component including a power switch for selectively disconnecting the respective string. The device further includes a central insulation monitoring unit providing an insulation status of the entire plurality of strings, and the power switch of each over-current protection component includes an all-pole disconnecting power switch that can be opened and closed by a controller via a motor in response to the insulation status provided by the central insulation monitoring unit to select and selectively disconnect a string having an insulation failure. The device is further configured to supply electrical energy from the remaining strings of the plurality of strings having no insulation failure.
Claims 1. A device for supplying electrical energy from a plurality of strings of photovoltaic modules to a power grid, the device comprising: a connection terminal configured to couple to a respective string of the plurality of strings, wherein each connection terminal comprises an over-current protection component including a power switch configured to selectively disconnect the respective string, and a central insulation monitoring unit configured to provide an insulation status of the entire plurality of strings; wherein the power switch of each over-current protection component comprises an all-pole disconnecting power switch configured to be opened and closed by a controller via a motor in response to the insulation status provided by the central insulation monitoring unit to select and selectively disconnect a string having an insulation failure, and to further supply electrical energy from the remaining strings of the plurality of strings having no insulation failure. 2. The device of claim 1, wherein the controller is configured to select the string that has an insulation failure based on the insulation status and opens the associated power switch via the motor while the photovoltaic modules of the plurality of strings are operating. 3. The device of claim 1, wherein, if the insulation monitoring unit provides an insulation status indicating an insulation failure of any of the strings of the plurality of strings, the controller first opens the power switches of all the over-current protection means, and then selectively re-closes the power switches one at a time to identify one or more strings individually that actually have an insulation failure. 4. The device of claim 3, wherein the controller is configured to re-close the power switches individually. 5. The device of claim 3, wherein the controller is configured to re-close the power switches in groups. 6. The device of claim 1, wherein the over-current protection component of each connection terminal comprises the respective power switch and a power sensor. 7. The device of claim 6, further comprising a monitoring device configured to monitor the current measured by each power sensor for an indication of breakdown of a substring of the corresponding string. 8. The device of claim 6, wherein the power sensor is direction-sensitive. 9. The device of claim 8, wherein the controller is configured to open the respective power switch via the motor whenever the respective power sensor registers a reversed current. 10. The device of claim 1, wherein each power switch is configured for at least 200% of an open-circuit voltage of a respective string. 11. The device of claim 1, wherein each connection terminal only comprises connectors for connection cables of the associated string that carry its power current. 12. The device of claim 1, wherein a number of connection terminals is at least 5. 13. The device of claim 1, wherein a number of connection terminals is at least 10. 14. The device of claim 1, wherein a number of connection terminals is at least 20. 15. The device of claim 1, wherein a number of connection terminals is at least 30. 16. A use of the device of claim 1, wherein each string has at least 10 substrings. 17. The use of claim 16, wherein each string has at least 20 substrings. 18. The use of claim 16, wherein each string has at least 40 substrings. 19. The use of claim 16, wherein each string has at least 50 substrings. 20. The use of claim 16, wherein all the substrings of a string are interconnected on site, each substring being secured via an over-current fuse. 