A bridge device includes a first radio frequency (RF) transceiver that receives event data via an incoming RF signal from protective headgear in response to an impact event at the protective headgear, wherein the incoming RF signal is formatted in accordance with a first wireless protocol. A second RF transceiver transmits the event data in accordance with a second wireless protocol to a first monitoring device.
Claims 1. A bridge device for use in a system for monitoring protective headgear, the wireless device comprising: a first transceiver that receives event data via an incoming signal from the protective headgear in response to an impact event at the protective headgear, wherein the incoming signal is formatted in accordance with a first wireless protocol; and a second transceiver, coupled to the first transceiver, that transmits the event data in accordance with a second wireless protocol to a first monitoring device. 2. The bridge device of claim 1 further comprises: a battery, coupled to provide power to the first transceiver and the second transceiver. 3. The bridge device of claim 2 further comprising: a charging port, coupled to the battery, for coupling a power signal from an external power source to charge the battery. 4. The bridge device of claim 3 wherein the external energy source includes one of: a magnetic power source, a radio frequency power source, a mechanical power source, and a solar power source. 5. The bridge device of claim 3 wherein the charging port operates in accordance with a universal serial bus (USB) interface. 6. The bridge device of claim 1 wherein the first transceiver is paired to the protective headgear via a pairing procedure. 7. The bridge device of claim 1 wherein the first transceiver is paired to the protective headgear via a pairing procedure and wherein the protective headgear includes a plurality of protective headgear warn by different wearers. 8. The bridge device of claim 1 wherein the second wireless protocol is a wireless local area network protocol. 9. The bridge device of claim 1 wherein the second wireless protocol is a wireless telephony protocol and the event data is communicated to the first monitoring device via a cellular data network. 10. The bridge device of claim 1 further comprising; an interface device, coupled to the first transceiver, and wherein the interface device includes a network interface for coupling the bridge device to a wide area network and sending the event data to a second monitoring device via the wide area network. 11. The bridge device of claim 10 wherein the interface device includes an Ethernet interface and the wide area network includes an Internet. 12. The bridge device of claim 1 wherein the first transceiver operates via non-radio frequency communications with the protective headgear. 13. A bridge device for use in a system for monitoring protective headgear, the wireless device comprising: a first radio frequency (RF) transceiver that receives event data via an incoming RF signal from the protective headgear in response to an impact event at the protective headgear, wherein the incoming RF signal is formatted in accordance with a first wireless protocol; and an interface device, coupled to the first RF transceiver, wherein the interface device includes a network interface for coupling the bridge device to a wide area network and sending the event data to a first monitoring device via the wide area network. 14. The bridge device of claim 13, wherein the adjunct device further comprises: a battery, coupled to provide power to the first RF transceiver and the interface device. 15. The bridge device of claim 14 further comprising: a charging port, coupled to the battery, for coupling a power signal from an external power source to charge the battery. 16. The bridge device of claim 13 wherein the charging port operates in accordance with a universal serial bus (USB) interface. 17. The bridge device of claim 13 wherein the first RF transceiver is paired to the protective headgear via a pairing procedure. 18. The bridge device of claim 13 wherein the first RF transceiver is paired to the protective headgear via a pairing procedure and wherein the protective headgear includes a plurality of protective headgear warn by different wearers. 19. The bridge device of claim 13 further comprising: a second RF transceiver, coupled to the first RF transceiver, that transmits the event data in accordance with a second wireless protocol to a second monitoring device, wherein the second wireless protocol is one of: a wireless local area network protocol, and a wireless telephony protocol. 20. The bridge device of claim 13 wherein the interface device includes an Ethernet interface and the wide area network includes an Internet. 