An outdoor monitoring system includes a camera, a direct-current adapter, a solar cell unit and a power management unit. The power management unit includes a controller, a rechargeable power source, a first voltage detection circuit, and a second voltage detection circuit. The first voltage detection circuit detects a charging voltage of the solar cell unit for charging the rechargeable power source. The second voltage detection circuit detects an output voltage of the rechargeable power source applied to the camera. The controller selectively connects the rechargeable power source or the direct-current adapter to the camera according to the output voltage and connects or disconnects the rechargeable power source to the solar cell unit according the output voltage and the charging voltage.
Claims 1. An outdoor monitoring system, comprising: a camera; a direct-current adapter for converting an alternating current into a direct current; a solar cell unit configured for converting light into electrical energy; and a power management unit, the power management unit comprising a controller, a rechargeable power source, a first voltage detection circuit and a second voltage detection circuit, the first voltage detection circuit configured for detecting a charging voltage of the solar cell unit for charging the rechargeable power source, the second voltage detection circuit configured for detecting an output voltage of the rechargeable power source applied to the camera, the controller configured for selectively connecting the rechargeable power source or the direct-current adapter to the camera according to the output voltage and configured for connecting or disconnecting the rechargeable power source to the solar cell unit according the output voltage and the charging voltage. 2. The outdoor monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the power management unit further comprises a current detection circuit configured for detecting a current outputted to the camera. 3. The outdoor monitoring system of claim 2, wherein the controller is further configured for powering on or off the camera according to the detected current. 4. The outdoor monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the power management unit comprises a switch circuit, an input end of the switch circuit being electrically connected to the solar cell unit, a control end of the switch circuit being electrically connected to the controller and an output end of the switch circuit being electrically connected to the rechargeable power source. 5. The outdoor monitoring system of claim 1, wherein if the output voltage is smaller than a first predetermined value, the controller is configured for connecting the DC adapter to the camera and disconnecting the rechargeable power source from the solar cell unit, and if the output voltage is greater than or equal to the first predetermined value, the controllers is configured for connecting the rechargeable power source to the camera. 6. The outdoor monitoring system of claim 5, wherein if the output voltage is greater than or equal to the first predetermined value and the charging voltage is smaller than a second predetermined value, the controller is configured for disconnecting the rechargeable power source to the solar cell unit; and if the output voltage is greater than or equal to the first predetermined value and the charging voltage is greater than or equal to the second predetermined value, the controller is configured for connecting the rechargeable power source to the solar cell unit. 7. The outdoor monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the solar cell unit is a dye sensitized solar cell unit, a polymer solar cell unit, or a silicon thin film solar cell unit. 