For monitoring the isolation of an IT-grid with respect to ground, an inverter connecting a direct current side with an alternating current side of the IT-grid and a photovoltaic device on the direct current side of the IT-grid, at least one isolation resistance of the direct current side with respect to ground is monitored for falling below a resistance threshold value while the inverter is running, and additionally a leakage current via the inverter towards ground is monitored for exceeding a current threshold value.
Claims 1. A method for monitoring the isolation of an IT-grid with respect to ground, comprising an inverter connecting a direct current side with an alternating current side of the IT-grid, configured to couple to a photovoltaic device on the DC side of the IT-grid, comprising: monitoring at least one isolation resistance of the direct current side with respect to ground when the inverter is in operation to ensure the at least one isolation resistance does not fall below a resistance threshold value while the inverter is running; and monitoring a leakage current towards ground associated with the inverter in operation to ensure the leakage current does not exceed a current threshold value. 2. The method for isolation monitoring according to claim 1, wherein monitoring the leakage current comprises monitoring the leakage current on a direct current side of an inverter or passing through the inverter. 3. The method for isolation monitoring according to claim 1, wherein monitoring the leakage current comprises monitoring non-stationary parts of the leakage current to ensure the non-stationary leakage current does not exceed the current threshold value. 4. The method for isolation monitoring according to claim 1, further comprising shutting down the inverter and/or providing a warning message or signal upon falling below the resistance threshold value and upon exceeding the current threshold value. 5. The method for isolation monitoring according to claim 2, wherein monitoring the leakage current comprises monitoring a difference of the current through two conductors of the direct current side of the IT-grid towards the inverter. 6. The method for isolation monitoring according to claim 5, wherein the current difference is monitored inductively. 7. The method for isolation monitoring according to claim 1, wherein the at least one isolation resistance is monitored by comparing the at least one isolation resistance to a reference resistance. 8. The method for isolation monitoring according to claim 1, wherein the at least one isolation resistance comprises isolation resistances of two conductors of the direct current side towards ground, and wherein the isolation resistances are monitored separately. 9. The method for isolation monitoring according to claim 1, wherein two capacitances are connected in series between two conductors on the direct current side of the inverter, with a center point of the series connection being grounded. 10. An apparatus for monitoring the isolation of an IT-grid with respect to ground, comprising: an inverter that galvanically connects a direct current side of the IT-grid with an alternating current side of the IT-grid, and configured to be coupled to a photovoltaic device on the direct current side of the IT-grid; a resistance measurement device configured to measure at least one isolation resistance of the direct current side with respect to ground when the inverter is in operation, compare the isolation resistance with a resistance threshold value, and provide a signal when it falls below the resistance threshold value; and a current measurement device configured to measure a leakage current of the inverter towards ground, compare the leakage current with a current threshold value, and provide a signal when it falls below the current threshold value. 11. The apparatus according to claim 10, wherein the current measurement device is configured to measure the leakage current on a direct current side of an inverter or passing through the inverter. 12. The apparatus according to claim 10, wherein both the resistance measurement device and the current measurement device are configured to shut down the inverter and/or trigger an output of a warning message by their provided signals. 13. The apparatus according to claim 11, wherein the current measurement device is configured to measure the leakage current by measuring a difference between the currents through two conductors on the direct current side towards the inverter. 14. The apparatus according to claim 13, wherein the current measurement device comprises a ring core enclosing the two conductors on the direct current side. 15. The apparatus according to claim 10, wherein the resistance measurement device comprises: a reference resistor that is grounded at one of its ends; a switch configured to selectively couple one of two conductors on the direct current side to a node of the reference resistor opposite the grounded end; and a measurement device configured to measure a voltage drop across the reference resistor. 16. The apparatus according to claim 15, wherein the resistance measurement device is configured to individually connect the two conductors on the direct current side to the reference resistor via the switch. 17. The apparatus according to claim 10, further comprising two capacitances of an EMC-filter connected in series between two conductors on the direct current side, with a center point of the series connection being grounded. 18. A monitoring device for an inverter, comprising: a leakage current measurement device configured to detect a change in leakage current on a direct current side of an inverter or passing through the inverter when the inverter is in operation, and generate an indication when the change in leakage current exceeds a threshold value. 19. The monitoring device of claim 18, wherein the leakage current measurement device comprises: a ring core associated with two DC input terminals of the inverter; and an induction coil associated with the ring core, wherein a change in leakage current associated with the inverter results in a change in magnetization of the ring core, and wherein the change in magnetization induces a signal in the induction coil. 20. The monitoring device of claim 19, wherein the leakage current measurement device further comprises a comparator configured to compare the signal from the induction coil to a threshold value and output a trigger signal corresponding to the indication if the induction coil signal exceeds the threshold value. 21. The monitoring device of claim 20, further comprising a resistance measurement device configured to measure an isolation resistance associated with a DC input side of an inverter to ground, and generate another indication when the isolation resistance falls below a resistance threshold value. 22. The monitoring device of claim 21, wherein the resistance measurement device comprises: a reference resistance having a first terminal configured to be selectively coupled to one of two input conductors on the DC input side of the inverter, and a second terminal coupled to ground; a voltage detector coupled across the reference resistance, and configured to detect a voltage across the reference resistance associated with a current therethrough; and a comparator configured to compare the voltage from the voltage detector to the resistance threshold value, and output a trigger corresponding to the another indication when the voltage falls below the resistance threshold value. 