A wireless node for monitoring landslide conditions has at least one tubular probe body deployed in a borehole in a landslide prone area and anchored to rock below soil, multiple sensors carried by and deployed within and or outside of the tubular probe body for measuring geologic motion and hydrologic saturation and pressure at three or more distinct levels of soil above the rock, a power source, a data acquisition board in communication with the sensors carried by and or deployed within or outside of the probe body, and a wireless transceiver in communication with the data acquisition board and accessible to a local area wireless network (LAWN), which is in turn accessible to a wide area wireless network (WAWN). Geologic and hydrologic data of at least three separate layers of soil above the anchor rock is collected in real time from the sensors deployed on or near the probe body, the data qualified against threshold readings in three or more stages to provide graduating levels of alerts culminating in a warning of an impending landslide.
Claims 1. A wireless node for monitoring landslide conditions comprising: at least one tubular probe body deployed in a borehole in a landslide prone area and anchored to rock below soil; multiple sensors carried by and deployed within and or outside of the tubular probe body for measuring geologic motion and hydrologic saturation and pressure at three or more distinct levels of soil above the rock; a power source; a data acquisition board in communication with the sensors carried by and or deployed within or outside of the probe body; and a wireless transceiver in communication with the data acquisition board and accessible to a local area wireless network (LAWN), which is in turn accessible to a wide area wireless network (WAWN); wherein geologic and hydrologic data of at least three separate layers of soil above the anchor rock is collected in real time from the sensors deployed on or near the probe body, the data qualified against threshold readings in three or more stages to provide graduating levels of alerts culminating in a warning of an impending landslide. 2. The wireless node of claim 1, wherein the multiple sensors include but are not limited to piezometers, moisture sensors, strain gauges, and tilt meters. 3. The wireless node of claim 1, wherein individual ones of the multiple sensors are placed in the impermeable soil layers at, above and below the normal water table. 4. The wireless node of claim 1, further including access to data from at least one rain gauge. 5. The wireless node of claim 4, further including access to data from at least one geophone. 6. The wireless node of claim 1, wherein the borehole is back-filled with grout after one or more probes are deployed within. 7. The wireless node of claim 1, wherein the rain gauge or gauges have a threshold of an amount of rain associated therewith and breaching thereof causes the sensors deployed by the tubular probe body to begin sensing data at a first informal level of alert. 8. The wireless node of claim 1, wherein there is more than one tubular probe body per borehole and wherein the tubular probe bodies include bodies of differing diameters that deploy different sensor types. 9. The wireless node of claim 1, further including a solar panel for re-charging batteries. 10. A method for monitoring conditions for a landslide, comprising the steps of: monitoring moisture readings during heavy rainfall until a saturation threshold is reached; (b) issuing a level one alert to a web server connected to the network, the alert data propagated from the server to a research group monitoring the rainfall event; (c) monitoring pore water pressure values until a saturation threshold is reached; (d) issuing a level two alert to the web server, the alert data combined with other information and distributed to the affected community and government officials as a landslide watch; (e) monitoring for movement of soil during the high pore pressure event until soil movement is detected; and (f) issuing a level three alert to the web server, the alert data combined with other information and distributed to the affected community and government officials as a landslide in progress. 11. The method of claim 10 wherein the multiple sensors include but are not limited to piezometers, moisture sensors, geophones, strain gauges, and tilt meters. 12. The method of claim 10, wherein individual ones of the multiple sensors are placed in the impermeable soil layers at, above, and below the normal water table. 13. The method of claim 10, wherein there is more than one tubular probe body per borehole and wherein the tubular probe bodies include bodies of differing diameters that deploy different sensor types. 14. The method of claim 10, wherein in steps (d) and (f), alerts may be propagated using email, short message services (SMS), television broadcast, radio broadcast, and web page notifications. 15. The method of claim 10, wherein in step (a) only rain gauges and geophones are monitored. 16. The method of claim 10, wherein in step (c), rain gauges, geophones, moisture sensors, and piezometers are monitored with readings performed at a higher frequency. 17. The method of claim 10, wherein in step (e), rain gauges, geophones, moisture sensors, piezometers, tilt meters, and strain gauges are monitored with readings taken at a higher frequency. 18. The method of claim 10, wherein the network includes a local wireless fidelity (WiFi) network with access to a local area wireless network (LAWN) with access to a wide area wireless network (WAWN). 19. The method of claim 11, wherein the tilt meters are installed in soil and in the center of one or more of the tubular probe bodies. 20. The method of claim 19, wherein the tilt meter installed in the center of a tubular probe body measures an amount of bend in the tubing forming the body. 