An indicator assembly for displaying either low liquid level or satisfactory liquid level conditions within a tank includes a sensor for detecting the liquid level conditions, a photodetector for detecting an ambient dark condition, a pair of indicator lights for indicating either the low liquid level or satisfactory liquid level conditions, and electrical circuitry operable to illuminate one of the indicator lights upon detection of the ambient dark condition by the photodetector and detection of either the low liquid level condition or satisfactory liquid level condition by the sensor. A solar panel is also provided for recharging a power supply operably connected to the electrical circuitry.
Claims 1. An indicator assembly for displaying a liquid level condition within a tank, the indicator assembly comprising: a sensor for detecting at least one of a first liquid level condition and a second liquid level condition, the first liquid level condition occurring at a predetermined low liquid level within the tank and the second liquid level condition occurring at a liquid level above the first liquid level condition; a photodetector for detecting at least an ambient dark condition; a first indicator light for indicating at least one of the first and second liquid level conditions; electrical circuitry electrically connected to the sensor, the photodetector and the first indicator light, the electrical circuitry being operable to illuminate the first indicator light upon detection of the ambient dark condition by the photodetector and detection of one of the first and second liquid level conditions by the sensor; a power supply electrically connected to the electrical circuitry; and a solar panel operably associated with the power supply for charging the energy storage device. 2. An indicator assembly according to claim 1, and further comprising: a base portion; an upright portion extending from the base portion; and an upper housing portion connected to the upright portion; wherein the electrical circuitry is located within the upper housing portion, and the solar panel is positioned on the upper housing portion. 3. An indicator assembly according to claim 2, wherein the power supply comprises a battery. 4. An indicator assembly according to claim 3, and further comprising a battery compartment located on the upper housing portion, with the battery being positional in the battery compartment. 5. An indicator assembly according to claim 2, wherein the upper housing portion comprises a display section with a first opening, and further wherein the electrical circuitry comprises a circuit board mounted in a hollow interior of the upper housing portion, the first indicator light being mounted to the circuit board and extending laterally therefrom through the first opening. 6. An indicator assembly according to claim 5, and further comprising a second indicator light mounted to the circuit board and extending laterally therefrom through a second opening of the display section. 7. An indicator assembly according to claim 6, wherein the first indicator light projects radiant energy at a first visible wavelength to indicate a low liquid level condition of the tank. 8. An indicator assembly according to claim 7, wherein the second indicator light projects radiant energy at a second visible wavelength different from the first wavelength to indicate a liquid level condition above the low liquid level condition of the tank. 9. An indicator assembly according to claim 2, wherein the base portion includes a plurality of legs, each leg having a magnet connected therewith for magnetically mounting the indicator assembly to the tank. 10. An indicator for displaying a liquid level condition within a tank, the indicator comprising: a base portion; an upright portion extending from the base portion; an upper housing portion connected to the upright portion; electrical circuitry located within the upper housing portion, the electrical circuitry including at least one indicator light for displaying a liquid level condition; a power supply electrically connectable to the electrical circuitry; a solar panel positioned on the upper housing portion for supplying charging current to the power supply; and a position sensor actuable when the liquid level condition within the tank reaches a predetermined level, the position sensor being operably associated with the electrical circuitry for illuminating the at least one indicator light when the predetermined level has been reached. 11. An indicator assembly according to claim 10, wherein the upper housing portion comprises a display section with a first opening, and further wherein the electrical circuitry comprises a circuit board mounted in a hollow interior of the upper housing portion, the first indicator light being mounted to the circuit board and extending laterally therefrom for projecting radiant energy through the first opening. 12. An indicator assembly according to claim 11, and further comprising a second indicator light mounted to the circuit board and extending laterally therefrom for projecting radiant energy through a second opening of the display section. 13. An indicator assembly according to claim 12, wherein the first indicator light projects radiant energy at a first visible wavelength to indicate a low liquid level condition of the tank. 14. An indicator assembly according to claim 13, wherein the second indicator light projects radiant energy at a second visible wavelength different from the first wavelength to indicate a liquid level condition above the low liquid level condition of the tank. 15. An indicator assembly according to claim 10, wherein the power supply comprises a battery. 16. An indicator assembly according to claim 15, and further comprising a battery compartment located on the upper housing portion, with the battery being positional in the battery compartment. 17. An indicator assembly according to claim 10, wherein the power supply comprises at least one energy storage capacitor. 18. An indicator assembly according to claim 10, wherein the base portion includes a plurality of legs, each leg having a magnet connected therewith for magnetically mounting the indicator assembly to the tank. 