A panel construction system includes a plurality of rails and a plurality of panels. Each rail has a longitudinally-extending base with opposing longitudinally-extending L-shaped sides coupled to at least a portion of the base to thereby define a longitudinally-extending T-shaped channel. Each panel defines a longitudinally-extending T-shaped channel that is recessed within an outer surface of the panel at one end thereof and extends from the outer surface at an opposing end of the panel. One or more of the panels can incorporate at least one auxiliary-function feature such as solar energy conversion features.
Claims 1. A panel construction system, comprising: a plurality of rails, each rail having a longitudinally-extending base with opposing longitudinally-extending L-shaped sides coupled to at least a portion of said base to thereby define a longitudinally-extending T-shaped channel; and a plurality of panels, each panel defining a longitudinally-extending T-shaped channel recessed within an outer surface of said panel at one end thereof and extending from said outer surface at an opposing end of said panel, wherein each side of said panel's channel slidingly engages one of said sides of one of said rails. 2. A panel construction system as in claim 1 wherein, for each rail, only a first of said L-shaped sides extends continuously along a length of said base. 3. A panel construction system as in claim 2 wherein, for each rail, a second of said L-shaped sides is discontinuous along said length of said base to thereby define a notched region of said rail, said panel construction system further comprising a longitudinally-extending clip for engagement with said rail along said notched region wherein said clip and said notched region combine to define a substantial L-shape aligned with said second of said L-shaped sides. 4. A panel construction system as in claim 1, wherein each said panel further comprises: at least one pin extending from said panel at said one end thereof; and at least one recess extending into said panel at said opposing end thereof, wherein each said pin is longitudinally aligned with one said recess, and wherein each said pin and said recess so-longitudinally aligned therewith are commensurate in size. 5. A panel construction system as in claim 4 wherein, for each said panel, one said pin and one said recess define electrical circuit terminations. 6. A panel construction system as in claim 1, wherein at least a portion of said panels incorporate at least one auxiliary-function feature. 7. A panel construction system as in claim 6, wherein said auxiliary-function feature is selected from the group consisting of solar energy conversion features, light transmission features, air transmission features, energy transmission features, and condition sensing features. 8. A panel construction system as in claim 1, wherein each said rail further comprises at least one mounting element coupled to said base thereof and adapted to be attached to a structure's framing member. 9. A panel construction system as in claim 1, wherein each said rail further comprises a structural framing element coupled to said base thereof. 10. A panel construction system as in claim 1, further comprising at least one handle coupled to each said panel. 11. A panel construction system as in claim 1, wherein said rails are spaced apart and parallel to one another, and wherein each of said panels is slidingly engaged with an adjacent pair of said rails wherein, for each said adjacent pair of said rails, said one end of each of said panels nests with said opposing end of an adjacent one of said panels. 12. A panel construction system as in claim 11, wherein said one end nesting with said opposing end defines a tongue-and-groove fit. 13. A panel construction system, comprising: a plurality of rails, each rail having a longitudinally-extending planar base with (i) a first longitudinally-extending L-shaped side coupled to said base along an entire length thereof, (ii) a second longitudinally-extending L-shaped side coupled to said base along a first portion of said entire length thereof and opposing said first side to thereby define a first longitudinally-extending T-shaped channel along said first portion of said entire length of said base, and (iii) a third longitudinally-extending L-shaped side coupled to said base along a second portion of said entire length thereof and opposing said first side to thereby define a second longitudinally-extending T-shaped channel along said second portion of said entire length of said base, wherein a distance is defined between said second side and said third side; and a plurality of panels, each panel defining a longitudinally-extending T-shaped channel (i) recessed within an outer surface of said panel at one end thereof, (ii)extending from said outer surface at an opposing end of said panel, and (iii) having a length that is less than said distance, wherein each side of said panel's channel slidingly engages one of said first side, said second side, and said third side of one of said rails. 14. A panel construction system as in claim 13, wherein each said panel further comprises: at least one pin extending from said panel at said one end thereof; and at least one recess extending into said panel at said opposing end thereof, wherein each said pin is longitudinally aligned with one said recess, and wherein each said pin and said recess so-longitudinally aligned therewith are commensurate in size. 15. A panel construction system as in claim 14 wherein, for each said panel, one said pin and one said recess define electrical circuit terminations. 16. A panel construction system as in claim 13, wherein at least a portion of said panels incorporate at least one auxiliary-function feature. 17. A panel construction system as in claim 16, wherein said auxiliary-function feature is selected from the group consisting of solar energy conversion features, light transmission features, air transmission features, energy transmission features, and condition sensing features. 18. A panel construction system as in claim 13, wherein each said rail further comprises at least one mounting element coupled to said base thereof and adapted to be attached to a structure's framing member. 19. A panel construction system as in claim 13, wherein each said rail further comprises a structural framing element coupled to said base thereof. 20. A panel construction system as in claim 13, further comprising at least one handle coupled to each said panel. 21. A panel construction system as in claim 13, wherein said rails are spaced apart and parallel to one another, and wherein each of said panels is slidingly engaged with an adjacent pair of said rails wherein, for each said adjacent pair of said rails, said one end of each of said panels nests with said opposing end of an adjacent one of said panels. 22. A panel construction system as in claim 21, wherein said one end nesting with said opposing end defines a tongue-and-groove fit. 23. A panel construction system, comprising: a plurality of rails, each rail having a longitudinally-extending base with a continuous longitudinally-extending L-shaped side coupled to an entire length of said base and a discontinuous longitudinally-extending L-shaped side along said entire length of said base wherein a notched region of said rail is defined in said discontinuous side; a plurality of panels, each panel defining a longitudinally-extending T-shaped channel recessed within an outer surface of said panel at one end thereof and extending from said outer surface at an opposing end of said panel, wherein each side of said panel's channel slidingly engages one of said continuous side and said discontinuous side of one of said rails, each said panel further including at least one pin extending from said panel at said one end thereof and at least one recess extending into said panel at said opposing end thereof, wherein each said pin is longitudinally aligned with one said recess, and wherein each said pin and said recess so-longitudinally aligned therewith are commensurate in size; and a longitudinally-extending clip for engagement with said rail along said notched region wherein said clip and said notched region combine to define a substantial L-shape along said notched region. 24. A panel construction system as in claim 23 wherein, for Each said panel, one said pin and one said recess define electrical circuit terminations. 25. A panel construction system as in claim 23, wherein at least a portion of said panels incorporate at least one auxiliary-function feature. 26. A panel construction system as in claim 25, wherein said auxiliary-function feature is selected from the group Consisting of solar energy conversion features, light transmission features, air transmission features, energy transmission features, and condition sensing features. 27. A panel construction system as in claim 23, wherein each said rail further comprises at least one mounting element coupled to said base thereof and adapted to be attached to a structure's framing member. 28. A panel construction system as in claim 23, wherein each said rail further comprises a structural framing element coupled to said base thereof. 29. A panel construction system as in claim 23, further comprising at least one handle coupled to each said panel. 30. A panel construction system as in claim 23, wherein said rails are spaced apart and parallel to one another, and wherein each of said panels is slidingly engaged with an adjacent pair of said rails wherein, for each said adjacent pair of said rails, said one end of each of said panels nests with said opposing end of an adjacent one of said panels. 31. A panel construction system as in claim 30, wherein said one end nesting with said opposing end defines a tongue-and-groove fit. 