A deposition system includes a load lock chamber for receiving a substrate and exposing a substrate to a load lock temperature and load lock pressure suitable to prepare a substrate for subsequent low-pressure and high-temperature processing or for ambient temperature and pressure conditions.
Claims 1. A deposition system comprising: an inlet load lock chamber for receiving a substrate and exposing a substrate to a load lock temperature and load lock pressure suitable to prepare a substrate for subsequent low-pressure and high-temperature processing; a process chamber comprising an interior for receiving a substrate from the inlet load lock chamber and exposing a substrate to a process temperature and process pressure suitable to prepare a substrate for a deposition process; a reaction chamber positioned in the interior of the process chamber having a deposition temperature and deposition pressure and configured to form a layer of material on a substrate by the deposition process; and an outlet load lock chamber for receiving a substrate from the reaction chamber and exposing a substrate to a temperature and pressure suitable to remove a substrate from the process chamber into ambient conditions. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the deposition process comprises atomic layer deposition. 3. The system of claim 1, further comprising at least one additional reaction chamber positioned in the interior of the process chamber. 4. The system of claim 1, further comprising a second process chamber comprising a second reaction chamber, wherein the second process chamber is positioned adjacent to the process chamber to allow a substrate to be transferred from the first process chamber to the second process chamber for a sequential deposition process. 5. The system of claim 1, further comprising a substrate lift beneath a substrate position in the reaction chamber to lift a substrate into the reaction chamber and seal the reaction chamber. 6. The system of claim 1, further comprising a conveyor for transferring a substrate to the inlet load lock chamber. 7. The system of claim 1, further comprising a conveyor for transferring a substrate from the outlet load lock chamber to the product line. 8. The system of claim 4, further comprising a transfer chamber between the first process chamber and the second process chamber for transferring a substrate to each process chamber for sequential processing. 9. The system of claim 8, further comprising a robot for transferring a substrate from the transfer chamber. 10. The system of claim 8, further comprising a conveyor for transferring a substrate from the transfer chamber. 11. The system of claim 8, further comprising a substrate cassette comprising a plurality of substrates capable of being transferred between the transfer chamber and one of the process chambers, wherein the plurality of substrates can be parallel processed in the process chamber. 12. The system of claim 1, further comprising a proportional integral derivative controller monitoring and controlling temperature and pressure conditions in the process chamber. 13. The system of claim 1, further comprising a proportional integral derivative controller monitoring and controlling temperature and pressure conditions in the reaction chamber. 14. The system of claim 1, further comprising: a main controller; a user interface; and a frame controller, wherein the frame controller controls the deposition processing in the reaction chamber and the main controller controls substrates transferring from/to the production line. 15. The system of claim 1, further comprising at least one temperature sensor for measuring the substrate temperature. 16. A deposition system comprising: an inlet/outlet load lock chamber for receiving a substrate and exposing a substrate to a load lock temperature and load lock pressure suitable to prepare a substrate to subsequent low-pressure and high-temperature processing and for exposing a substrate to a load lock temperature and load lock pressure suitable to remove a substrate from the process chamber into ambient conditions after deposition; at least two process chambers for receiving a substrate and exposing a substrate to a process temperature and process pressure suitable for subsequent deposition processing; at least two reaction chambers, each of which is positioned in the interior of a process chamber, and each having a deposition temperature and deposition pressure and configured to form a layer of material on a substrate a deposition process; and a transfer chamber for transferring substrates from the inlet/outlet load lock chamber to the process chambers before deposition and from the process chambers to the inlet/outlet load lock chamber after deposition. 17. The system of claim 16, wherein the deposition process comprises atomic layer deposition. 18. The system of claim 16, wherein each reaction chamber is a part of a process chamber and the process chambers are provided in a cluster configuration surrounding the transfer chamber, in which a substrate is transferred from a process chamber to another process chamber for a sequential deposition process. 19. The system of claim 16, further comprising a substrate lift beneath a substrate position in one of the reaction chamber to lift a substrate into the reaction chamber and seal the reaction chamber. 20. The system of claim 16, further comprising a transfer robot configured to transfer substrates from one process chamber to another process chamber. 21. The system of claims 16, comprising a conveyor transferring the substrate from the load lock chamber a down-stream. 22. A method of forming a material layer on a substrate comprising: maintaining an inlet load lock chamber at a load lock temperature and load lock pressure suitable to prepare a substrate for subsequent low-pressure and high-temperature processing; transferring the substrate to the inlet load lock chamber; maintaining a process chamber at a process temperature and process pressure suitable to prepare the substrate for a subsequent deposition process; transferring the substrate to the process chamber; maintaining a reaction chamber at a deposition temperature and deposition pressure suitable to deposit a material layer on the substrate, wherein the reaction chamber is positioned inside the process chamber; depositing a material layer on the substrate; and removing the substrate from the reaction chamber. 23. The method of claim 22, wherein the substrate is removed from the reaction chamber into a transfer station positioned in the process chamber. 24. The method of claim 23, further comprising maintaining a second reaction chamber at a deposition temperature and deposition pressure suitable to deposit a material layer on the substrate, wherein the second reaction chamber is positioned inside the process chamber and transferring the substrate from the transfer station to the second reaction station. 25. The method of claim 22, further comprising monitoring and controlling temperature and pressure conditions in the process chamber by a proportional integral derivative controller. 26. The method of claims 22, further comprising monitoring and controlling temperature and pressure conditions in the reaction chamber by a proportional integral derivative controller. 27. The method of claims 22, further comprising controlling the deposition processing in the reaction chamber by a frame controller and controlling substrates transferring from/to the production line by a main controller. 28. The method of claim 22, further comprising lifting the substrate to the reaction chamber; and sealing the reaction chamber during deposition, wherein the reaction chamber is a part of the process chamber. 29. The method of claim 22, further comprising measuring the substrate temperature by at least one pyrometer. 30. The method of claim 22, further comprising measuring the substrate temperature by at least one contact sensor. 31. A photovoltaic device comprising: a substrate; and an atomic layer deposited film formed on the substrate, wherein the atomic layer deposited film is formed by positioning the substrate in an inlet load lock chamber maintained at a load lock temperature and load lock pressure suitable to prepare the substrate for subsequent low-pressure and high-temperature processing; transferring the substrate to a process chamber maintained at a process temperature and process pressure suitable to prepare the substrate for a subsequent deposition process; transferring the substrate into a reaction chamber positioned inside the process chamber; and atomic-layer depositing a material layer on the substrate. 