A battery charging integrated circuit includes a first input connected to an energy harvesting device and a first output providing charging voltage to a battery. Control circuitry charges the battery through the first output responsive to an input from the energy harvesting device. The battery charging integrated circuit is powered by the battery connected to the first output.
Claims 1. A battery charger integrated circuit, comprising: a first input for receiving a charging input from a low voltage energy harvesting device; a first output for providing a charging current to a battery; a controller for controlling a charging operation to charge the battery through the first output responsive to the charging input from the energy harvesting device, the controller operating at an operating voltage level, which operating voltage level is above the minimum voltage output by the low voltage energy harvesting device; and wherein the battery charging integrated circuit is powered by the battery connected to the first output. 2. The battery charger integrated circuit of claim 1, further including an external power source connection for connecting an external power source to the battery charger integrated circuit for charging the battery connected to the first output. 3. The battery charger integrated circuit of claim 1, wherein the controller is implemented using a CMOS semiconductor process yielding a semiconductor with 2.5V threshold voltage devices formed thereon. 4. The battery charger integrated circuit of claim 1, wherein the first input may further receive a second charging input from a second battery. 5. The battery charger integrated circuit of claim 1, wherein the controller further comprises maximum power point transfer circuitry for monitoring the input power and providing a first control signal responsive thereto. 6. The battery charger integrated circuit of claim 5, wherein the controller further comprises a voltage detector for detecting the input voltage level and generating a second control signal responsive thereto. 7. The battery charger integrated circuit of claim 6, wherein the controller further comprises a charge control circuit for detecting a voltage level of the battery connected to the first output and generating a third control signal responsive thereto and placing the battery charger integrated circuit in one of a sleep mode of operation or an active mode of operation responsive to the first, second and third control signals. 8. A battery charger for charging a battery, comprising: an input for coupling to a low voltage energy harvesting device capable of operating at a voltage lower than the battery; a battery charge core operating in a plurality of charging modes to receive the output of the coupled energy harvesting device and causing charge to be transferred therefrom to the battery; and wherein the battery charge core is powered from the battery at an operating voltage that is above the lowest possible output voltage of the energy harvesting device. 9. The battery charger of claim 8. wherein the battery core includes a battery voltage detect circuit that monitors the voltage of the battery against at least one or more voltage references and wherein at least one of the modes is a battery monitoring mode that compares the battery voltage with one of the at least one or more voltage references with the battery voltage detect circuit and inhibits operation of the battery core to transfer charge to the battery when it is detected that the battery voltage is outside of a safe charging range. 10. The battery charger of claim 9, wherein at least one of the modes is a low power operating mode for the battery core and wherein detection of the battery voltage being outside of a safe charging range causes activation of such low operating power mode in such a manner that the battery voltage detect circuit remains in a powered mode from the battery. 11. The battery charger of claim 8, wherein the battery core includes an input voltage detect circuit that monitors the voltage of the input against at least one or more voltage references and wherein at least one of the modes is an input voltage monitoring mode that compares the input voltage with one of the at least one or more voltage references with the input voltage detect circuit and initiates operation of the battery core to transfer charge to the battery when the presence of an input voltage is detected. 12. The battery charger of claim 11, wherein at least one of the modes is a low power operating mode for the battery core and wherein detection of either no voltage or of a voltage of insufficient level for battery charging by the input voltage detect circuit causes activation of such low power mode in such a manner that the input voltage detect circuit remains in a powered mode from the battery. 13. A method for charging a battery from a low power energy harvesting device, which low power energy harvesting device is capable of outputting a voltage lower than the voltage of the battery, comprising the steps of: receiving power from the low power energy harvesting device; receiving operating power from the battery when connected; and transferring charge from the low power energy harvesting device to the battery with a battery charge controller powered by the received operating power; wherein the output of the low power energy harvesting is insufficient to power any portion of the operation of transferring charge to the battery by the battery charge controller. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein the battery controller has a start up mode and further comprising the step of the battery controller entering the start up mode when the battery is connected, and wherein no operations of the battery controller are possible before the battery is connected. 15. The method of claim 14, and further comprising the steps of: detecting an unsafe voltage level of the battery unsuitable for charging thereof; and forcing the battery controller into a low power mode of operation until the step of detecting determines that the battery voltage is at a safe operating level, after which the battery controller operates in a full power mode drawing all of its power from the battery. 16. The method of claim 13. and further comprising the steps of: receiving an external voltage input signal generated by an external power source and having a voltage above the voltage level of the battery; detecting the presence of the external voltage input signal; and transferring charge from the external voltage source to the battery with the battery charge controller with a charging process different that a charging process for transferring charge from the low voltage energy harvesting device. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein the battery controller operates in a plurality of operating modes, one of which is a low power mode for operating in at least a voltage detecting mode to detect the voltage level of the external voltage source and the low voltage energy harvesting device, and the battery controller operating in a full power mode in response to detection of a voltage level to transfer charge from the either the low voltage energy harvesting device or the external power source to the battery. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein the battery controller transfers charge from the external power source if a voltage signal therefrom is detected in priority over the low voltage energy harvesting device and, if a voltage signal from the external power source is not detected, then transferring charge from the low voltage energy harvesting device if detected. 19. The method of claim 16, wherein the step of transferring charge from the external voltage source comprises charging the battery therefrom by the battery controller with a charging process for charging selected from_the group consisting of a constant voltage process or a constant current process. 20. A self contained powered device, comprising: a housing; a functional device powered by a battery disposed in the housing, the functional device performing a predetermined function; a rechargeable battery disposed in the housing; at least one low voltage energy harvesting device disposed in close association with the housing; and a battery charger powered by the battery and operable to transfer charge from the low voltage energy harvesting device to the battery from a voltage level of the low voltage energy harvesting device that is lower than the voltage level of the battery. 21. The powered device of claim 20, wherein the low voltage energy harvesting device provides discontinuous power. 22. The powered device of claim 21, wherein the low voltage energy harvesting device is a solar cell. 23. The powered device of claim 21, wherein the battery charger operates in a full power mode to transfer charge and in a low power mode when either the battery is at a full charge level or the power output by the low voltage energy harvesting device is insufficient to charge the battery. 24. The powered device of claim 20, wherein the battery charger includes: a power converter for converting the voltage from the low voltage energy harvesting device to a voltage level capable of charging the battery; and a controller for controlling the operation of the power converter to transfer charge to the battery until the battery is at a full charge level. 25. The powered device of claim 24, and further comprising an interface for interfacing with an external power source with an operating voltage higher than the voltage of the battery and, wherein the battery charger includes: an input voltage detector for detecting the voltage on the low voltage power energy harvesting device and the interface; the controller operable to select one of the external power source or the low power energy harvesting device for input to the power converter; and the power converter having associated therewith a plurality of battery charging process, one for converting the voltage of selected one of the low voltage energy harvesting device and external power source to a voltage capable of charging the battery until the controller determines the battery is at a full charge level. 26. A monolithic integrated circuit voltage boost battery charger for charging a rechargeable storage element, comprising: a storage element input for interfacing with a voltage terminal of the storage element; an external power source input for interfacing with an external power source, wherein the external power source can operate at a voltage level that is lower than the voltage level of the storage element; a power converter including a voltage boost circuit for boosting the voltage level on the external power source input that is higher than the voltage level of the storage element; a charge control section controlling the power converter to maintain the boosted voltage at a level sufficient to charge the storage element until the storage element is at a full charge level; and the power converter and charge control section powered from the storage element for all operations thereof. 27. The integrated circuit of claim 26, wherein the external power source is a low voltage energy harvesting device selected from the group consisting of a solar cell and a piezoelectric sensor. 28. The integrated circuit of claim 26, wherein the charge control section includes sensing subsections for interfacing each with one of a plurality of sense inputs for sensing parameters external to the integrated circuit and a controller subsection for interfacing with the power converter and the sensing subsections to control battery charging of the storage element, and wherein the charge control section operates in multiple power modes to consume different levels of operating power from the storage element, one of which comprises a low power mode wherein at least one or more of the subsections is placed in a less than full power mode. 29. The integrated circuit of claim 28, wherein the power mode of the controller subsection is a function of the state of the sensing subsections and the sensed parameters. 30. The integrated circuit of claim 29, wherein one of the sensing subsections comprises a storage element voltage detector to determine if the voltage level on the storage element input meets certain criteria. 31. The integrated circuit of claim 30, wherein the controller subsection is placed in a low power mode if the storage element voltage detector determines the storage element is in a state that is not conducive to transfer of charge thereto, but operating power to the charge control section in the low voltage mode of operation is received from the storage element. 