A system for mounting a photovoltaic module onto a structure at least in part made of metal, in which the photovoltaic module includes at least one photovoltaic cell including electrically conductive elements, the mounting system including, in each region in which the photovoltaic cell is near a grounded metal part of the structure when in the mounted configuration, at least one electrically insulating element positioned between the metal part and the nearest part of the electrically conductive elements of the photovoltaic cell, the total thickness of electrically insulating material between the metal part and the nearest part of the electrically conductive elements of the photovoltaic cell being at least 7 mm.
Claims 1. A mounting system for mounting a photovoltaic module onto a structure at least in part made of metal, the photovoltaic module comprising at least one photovoltaic cell including electrically conductive elements, the system comprising, in each region in which the photovoltaic cell is near a grounded metal part of the structure in a mounted configuration, at least one electrically insulating element positioned between the metal part and a nearest part of the electrically conductive elements of the photovoltaic cell, a total thickness of electrically insulating material between the metal part and the nearest part of the electrically conductive elements of the photovoltaic cell being at least 7 mm. 2. The mounting system as claimed in claim 1, wherein said at least one electrically insulating element comprises a rear substrate of the photovoltaic module, said rear substrate being made of an electrically insulating material. 3. The mounting system as claimed in claim 2, wherein at least one region in which the photovoltaic cell is near a grounded metal part of the structure in the mounted configuration is an attachment region of the module onto the structure, and the said at least one electrically insulating element comprises a fastener secured to a rear face of the rear substrate. 4. The mounting system as claimed in claim 3, wherein the fastener is made of a polymer or a composite material comprising a polymer matrix and electrically insulating fibers. 5. The mounting system as claimed in claim 3, wherein the fastener is designed to be directly coupled with the metal part of the structure for the attachment of the module to the structure. 6. The mounting system as claimed in claim 3, wherein said at least one electrically insulating element in the attachment region further comprises at least one portion of a support, said support being secured to the metal part of the structure, the fastener being designed to be coupled with the portion of the support for the attachment of the module to the structure. 7. The mounting system as claimed in claim 6, wherein the support is made entirely of an electrically insulating material, particularly a polymer or a composite material comprising a polymer matrix and electrically insulating fibers. 8. The mounting system as claimed in claim 6, wherein the fastener comprises a protruding or recessed feature designed to engage with a complementary recessed or protruding feature of the portion of the support, the fastener and the support being designed to be coupled to each other by engagement of their respective features. 9. The mounting system as claimed in claim 6, wherein the support is secured to the metal part of the structure by snap-fastening. 10. The mounting system as claimed in claim 3, comprising at least two fasteners secured to the rear face of the rear substrate, said fasteners being uniformly distributed over said face and internally offset relative to the peripheral edges of the module. 11. The mounting system as claimed in claim 1, wherein each region in which the photovoltaic cell is near a grounded metal part of the structure in the mounted configuration is an attachment region of the module to the structure. 12. The mounting system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic module is devoid of a metal frame. 13. An assembly comprising a structure at least in part made of metal and at least one photovoltaic module mounted onto the structure, wherein the module is mounted onto the structure using a mounting system according to as claimed in claim 1. 14. The assembly as claimed in claim 13, wherein said assembly is a high voltage power generation system. 15. The mounting system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the total thickness is at least 10 mm. 16. The mounting system as claimed in claim 15, wherein the total thickness is at least 12 mm. 