An apparatus and method for reducing the voltage in a photovoltaic system to allow servicing of solar modules. The apparatus includes a switch that electrically shorts conductors of the system, thereby reducing high voltage conditions at the modules. The apparatus and method can also include use of a detector that measures voltage and/or current in the system to control switch operations.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic system comprising: at least one solar module electrically connected to a pair of conductors; and a switch electrically connected across the conductors, the switch in a closed position electrically shorting the conductors, and the switch in an open position electrically isolating the conductors. 2. The photovoltaic system of claim 1, further comprising an inverter, wherein the switch is located between the at least one solar module and the inverter. 3. The photovoltaic system of claim 1, further comprising a detector for measuring at least one of a voltage across the conductors or a current carried by the conductors. 4. The photovoltaic system of claim 3, wherein the detector measures the voltage across the conductors, wherein when the switch is in the open position, the switch is prevented from closing if the measured voltage exceeds a voltage threshold value. 5. The photovoltaic system of claim 3, wherein the detector measures the current carried by the conductors, wherein when the switch is in the open position, the switch is prevented from closing if the measured current exceeds a current threshold value. 6. The photovoltaic system of claim 3, wherein the detector measures the voltage across the conductors, wherein when the switch is in the closed position, the switch is prevented from opening if the measured voltage exceeds a voltage threshold value. 7. The photovoltaic system of claim 3, wherein the detector measures the current carried by the conductors, wherein when the switch is in the closed position, the switch is prevented from opening if the measured current exceeds a current threshold value. 8. The photovoltaic system of claim 3, further comprising a switch controller for controlling operation of the switch. 9. The photovoltaic system of claim 8, wherein the switch controller receives at least one of a voltage or current measurement from the detector. 10. The photovoltaic system of claim 9, wherein the switch controller prevents the switch from opening or closing based on the at least one of voltage or current measurement from the detector. 11. The photovoltaic system of claim 9, wherein the switch controller alerts a user if the at least one of voltage and/or current rises above thresholds after the switch is closed. 12. The photovoltaic system of claim 11, wherein the user is alerted over a network. 13. The photovoltaic system of claim 8, wherein the switch controller locks the switch upon receipt of a password from a user. 14. The photovoltaic system of claim 13, wherein the switch controller unlocks the switch upon receipt of the password from the user. 15. The photovoltaic system of claim 8, further comprising a user operated device for communicating with the switch controller. 16. The photovoltaic system of claim 8, wherein the switch controller communicates with the switch over a network. 17. The photovoltaic system of claim 9, wherein the switch controller communicates with a user over a network. 18. The photovoltaic system of claim 17, wherein the network is wireless. 19. The photovoltaic system of claim 8, wherein the switch controller alerts a user that the switch has been closed. 20. The photovoltaic system of claim 1, further comprising an array of solar modules connected to the positive and negative conductors. 21. The photovoltaic system of claim 20, wherein said array of solar modules further comprises a plurality of groups of solar modules. 22. The photovoltaic system of claim 21, further comprising a plurality of switches, each switch in the plurality of switches electrically connected across one group of solar modules in the plurality of groups of solar modules. 23. The photovoltaic system of claim 22, further comprising a plurality of detectors, each detector for measuring at least one of a voltage across one group of solar modules in the plurality of groups of solar modules. 24. The photovoltaic system of claim 22, further comprising a switch controller for controlling the plurality of switches. 25. The photovoltaic system of claim 21, wherein the plurality of groups of solar modules are connected in series. 26. The photovoltaic system of claim 21, wherein the plurality of groups of solar modules are connected in parallel. 27. The photovoltaic system of claim 21, wherein the plurality of groups of solar modules are connected in a combination of series and parallel connections. 28. The photovoltaic system of claim 22, further comprising a plurality of in-line switches, each in-line switch in the plurality of in-line switches being electrically connected in series between one group of solar modules in the plurality of groups of solar modules and an inverter. 29. The photovoltaic system of claim 28, further comprising a controller for commanding each in-line switch of the plurality of in-line switches to open or close. 30. The photovoltaic system of claim 2, wherein the switch further comprises a manually operable switch arm that can toggle the switch between the open and closed position. 31. The photovoltaic system of claim 30, wherein the switch arm further comprises a locking mechanism for preventing the switch from toggling between the open and closed position. 32. The photovoltaic system of claim 31, wherein said locking mechanism locks and unlocks the switch arm in response to a user entering a password. 33. A photovoltaic system comprising: an inverter; an array of solar modules; an plurality of positive and negative conductor pairs, where each positive and negative conductor pair is connected to at least one solar module within the array of solar modules; a first conductor connected to and between the positive conductors and the inverter; a second conductor connected to and between the negative conductors and the inverter; at least one switch electrically connected across one pair of the first and second conductors, the at least one switch in a closed position electrically shorting the first and second conductors, and the at least one switch in an open position electrically isolating first and second conductors. 34. The photovoltaic system of claim 33, further comprising a plurality of switches, where each switch in the plurality of switches is electrically connected across one positive and negative wire pair. 35. The photovoltaic system of claim 33, wherein each conductor pair is connected to a plurality of solar modules. 36. The photovoltaic system of claim 33, further comprising a detector for measuring at least one of a voltage across or current carried by the conductor pair coupled to the at least one switch. 37. The photovoltaic system of claim 34, further comprising a plurality of detectors, each detector of the plurality of detectors for measuring at least one of a voltage across or current carried by each conductor pair coupled to one of the plurality of switches. 38. The photovoltaic system of claim 33, further comprising a controller for commanding the at least one switch to open or close. 39. The photovoltaic system of claim 34, further comprising a controller for commanding each switch of the plurality of switches to open or close. 40. The photovoltaic system of claim 34, further comprising a plurality of in-line switches, each in-line switch in the plurality of in-line switches electrically connected in series between one group of solar modules in the plurality of groups of solar modules and the inverter. 41. The photovoltaic system of claim 40, further comprising a controller for commanding each in-line switch of the plurality of in-line switches to open or close. 42. A method for reducing high voltage levels in a photovoltaic system comprising: closing a switch to electrically short conductors to reduce a voltage across the conductors, the conductors being electrically connected to solar modules. 43. The method of claim 42, further comprising measuring at least one of a voltage across the conductors or a current carried by the conductors when the switch is open. 44. The method of claim 43, wherein the switch is closed only after the measured voltage and/or current is below set thresholds. 45. The method of claim 42, further comprising indicating to a user that the voltage level has been reduced. 46. The method of claim 45, wherein the indication is sent over a wireless-network to the user. 47. The method of claim 42, further comprising locking the switch in its current position. 48. The method of claim 47, wherein the switch is locked after receiving a password from a user. 49. The method of claim 47, further comprising unlocking the switch. 50. The method of claim 49, wherein the switch is unlocked after receiving a password from a user. 51. The method of claim 42, wherein the switch is closed with a switch controller. 52. The method of claim 42, wherein the switch is closed manually. 53. The method of claim 42, further comprising measuring at least one of a voltage across the conductors or a current carried by the conductors while the switch is closed. 54. The method of claim 52, further comprising sending an indication to a user if the measured voltage and/or current exceeds set thresholds. 55. The method of claim 54, wherein the indication is sent over a wireless-network to the user. 56. The method of claim 42, further comprising opening the switch after the switch has been closed to restore the voltage across the conductors. 57. The method of claim 56, further comprising measuring at least one of a voltage across the conductor or a current carried by the conductors when the switch is closed. 58. The method of claim 57, wherein the switch is opened only after the measured voltage and/or current is below set thresholds. 