A solar cell module includes a wiring sheet formed such that n-type and p-type wirings are alternately arranged in a striped pattern on a surface of a sheet-like insulating substrate, and a back contact solar cell formed such that n-type and p-type electrodes electrically connected to impurity diffusion regions are alternately arranged in a striped pattern on one surface of a semiconductor substrate. The electrodes and the wirings are connected through conductors so as to satisfy a one-to-one relationship. The periphery of the conductor is covered with an insulating resin. An insulator having a composition different from the insulating resin is mounted between the adjacent electrodes on the back contact solar cell.
Claims 1. A solar cell module comprising: a wiring sheet formed such that n-type wiring and p-type wiring are alternately arranged in a striped pattern on a surface of a sheet-like insulating substrate and a back contact solar cell formed such that an n-type impurity diffusion region and a p-type impurity diffusion region are alternately arranged in a striped pattern in the inside of one surface of a semiconductor substrate and such that an n-type electrode and a p-type electrode electrically connected to said n-type impurity diffusion region and said p-type impurity diffusion region, respectively, are alternately arranged in a striped pattern on said one surface, wherein said n-type electrode and said p-type electrode and said n-type wiring and said p-type wiring are connected through conductors so as to satisfy a one-to-one relationship, a periphery of said conductor is covered with an insulating resin, and an insulator having a composition different from said insulating resin is mounted between said n-type electrode and said p-type electrode adjacent to each other on said back contact solar cell. 2. The solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein said insulator is a thermosetting resin or a photo-curable resin. 3. A method of manufacturing a solar cell module comprising the steps of: preparing a back contact solar cell formed such that an n-type impurity diffusion region and a p-type impurity diffusion region are alternately arranged in a striped pattern in the inside of one surface of a semiconductor substrate and such that an n-type electrode and a p-type electrode electrically connected to said n-type impurity diffusion region and said p-type impurity diffusion region, respectively, are alternately arranged in a striped pattern on said one surface; supplying an insulator in each gap between said n-type electrode and said p-type electrode adjacent to each other on said one surface of said back contact solar cell; curing said insulator; supplying a mixture of an insulating resin, having a composition different from said insulator, and a conductor on said n-type electrode and said p-type electrode; mounting a wiring sheet, formed such that n-type wiring and p-type wiring are alternately arranged in a striped pattern on a surface of a sheet-like insulating substrate, on said one surface of said back contact solar cell, such that said n-type electrode and said p-type electrode and said n-type wiring and said p-type wiring satisfy a one-to-one relationship; and pressing said wiring sheet and said back contact solar cell while heating. 4. The method of manufacturing a solar cell module according to claim 3, wherein said insulator is a thermosetting resin or a photo-curable resin. 5. The method of manufacturing a solar cell module according to claim 3, wherein a melting point of said conductor is lower than a curing temperature of said insulating resin. 6. The method of manufacturing a solar cell module according to claim 3, further comprising the step of preliminarily fixing said back contact solar cell and said wiring sheet, after said step of mounting. 