The present invention relates to a panel clamp securable to a variety of mounting mechanisms. The clamp includes first and second members, each having an edge extending beyond at least a portion of its side surface to form an overhang, and each includes a plurality of holes passing therethrough. When the overhang of the first member is fitted over a top surface of a panel and the overhang of the second member is fitted over a bottom surface of the panel, such that the plurality of holes in the first member is substantially aligned with the plurality of holes in the second member, mechanical fasteners can be inserted through the plurality of holes to secure the first and second members to the panel. An additional mechanical fastener is inserted through the clamp to secure the clamp to a mounting mechanism.
Claims 1. A panel clamp, comprising: first and second members, each having a top surface, a bottom surface and a side surface, wherein the top surface of each member includes au edge extending beyond at least a portion of its side surface to form an overhang, and wherein a plurality of holes pass through the top and bottom surfaces of each member; and a plurality of mechanical fasteners; wherein, when the overhang of the first member is fitted over a top surface of a panel and the overhang of the second member is fitted over a bottom surface of the panel, such that the plurality of holes in the first member is substantially aligned with the plurality of holes in the second member, the plurality of mechanical fasteners can be inserted through the plurality of holes to secure the first and second members to the panel. 2. The panel clamp of claim 1, wherein at least two of the aligned holes receives a mechanical fastener to secure the first and second members to the panel. 3. The panel clamp of claim 2, wherein at least one of the aligned holes receives a mechanical fastener to secure the panel clamp to a surface mount. 4. The panel clamp of claim 3, wherein the surface mount comprises a bracket. 5. The panel clamp of claim 3, wherein the surface mount comprises a rail. 6. The panel clamp of claim 1, wherein the panel is a photovoltaic (PV) module. 7. The panel clamp of claim 1, wherein the panel is a liquid crystal display (LCD). 8. A system for securing a panel to a surface, comprising: a panel clamp comprising first and second members, each having a top surface, a bottom surface and a side surface, wherein the top surface of each member includes an edge extending beyond at least a portion of its side surface to form an overhang, and wherein a plurality of holes pass through the top and bottom surfaces of each member; a plurality of mechanical fasteners; and a mount comprising a surface anchoring plate, a panel clamp anchoring plate and a support element connecting the surface anchoring plate to the clamp anchoring plate, wherein the surface anchoring plate and the clamp anchoring plate each have a plurality of holes therethrough; wherein, when the overhang of the first member is fitted over a top surface of a panel and the overhang of the second member is fitted over a bottom surface of the panel, such that the plurality of holes in the first member is substantially aligned with the plurality of holes in the second member, at least one of the mechanical fasteners can be inserted through the plurality of holes to secure the first and second members to the panel to form a panel clamp; and wherein the mount is secured to a surface by inserting at least one of the mechanical fasteners through the holes of the surface anchoring plate and into the surface, and the panel clamp is secured to the mount by inserting at least one of the mechanical fasteners through at least one of the aligned holes of the panel clamp into at least one of the holes in the clamp anchoring plate. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein at least two of the mechanical fasteners are inserted to secure the first and second members to the panel. 10. The system of claim 8, wherein the panel is a photovoltaic (PV) module. 11. The system of claim 8, wherein the panel is a liquid crystal display (LCD). 12. The system of claim 8, wherein the distance between the surface anchoring plate and the clamp anchoring plate is adjustable. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein the support element is a bolt that engages a threaded hole in either or both of the surface anchoring plate and the clamp anchoring plate, and adjustment is made by either rotation of the bolt in one or both of the holes in the surface anchoring plate and the clamp anchoring plate, or by rotation of either the surface anchoring plate or the clamp anchoring plate about the bolt. 14. An adjustable panel mount, comprising: a mounting arm having a front surface and a back surface, and a distal end that includes first and second holes passing through the front and back surfaces thereof; a mounting head having a front plate, a back plate and a top plate connecting the front and back plates, such that a space between the front and back plates is formed underneath the top plate, wherein the top plate has a plurality of holes passing therethrough, and the front and back plates have a plurality of aligned holes passing therethrough; and a plurality of mechanical fasteners; wherein, when the front and back plates of the mounting head are fitted overtop or within the distal end of the mounting arm and at least two of the aligned holes of the front and back plates of the mounting head are also aligned with the first and second holes of the mounting arm, a first mechanical fastener can be inserted through the aligned holes incorporating the first hole of the mounting arm to secure the mounting head to the mounting arm, and a second mechanical fastener can be inserted through the aligned holes incorporating the second hole of the mounting arm to position the top plate of the mounting head at a desired angle. 15. The adjustable panel mount of claim 14, wherein at least one of the aligned holes in the front and back plates of the mounting head provide different angles of the top plate of the mounting head. 16. The adjustable panel mount of claim 14, further comprising a panel clamp, the panel clamp comprising first and second members, each having a top surface, a bottom surface and a side surface, wherein the top surface of each member includes an edge extending beyond at least a portion of its side surface to form an overhang, and wherein a plurality of holes pass through the top and bottom surfaces of each member; a plurality of mechanical fasteners; wherein, when the overhang of the first member is fitted over a top surface of a panel and the overhang of the second member is fitted over a bottom surface of the panel, such that the plurality of holes in the first member is substantially aligned with the plurality of holes in the second member, at least one of the mechanical fasteners can be inserted through the plurality of holes of the first and second members to secure the first and second members to the panel to form a panel clamp; and wherein the panel clamp is secured to the top plate of the mounting head by inserting at least one of the mechanical fasteners through at least one of the aligned holes of the panel clamp into at least one of the holes in the top plate of the mounting head. 17. The adjustable panel mount of claim 16, wherein the panel is a photovoltaic (PV) module. 18. The adjustable panel mount of claim 16, wherein the panel is a liquid crystal display (LCD). 19. A system for securing a panel to a mount, comprising: a panel clamp comprising first and second members, each having a top surface, a bottom surface and a side surface, wherein the top surface of each member includes an edge extending beyond at least a portion of its side surface to form an overhang, and wherein a plurality of holes pass through the top and bottom surfaces of each member; a plurality of mechanical fasteners; and a mount comprising: a frame having a base, side walls and opposing grooves extending inwardly toward each other; and a rail plate having flange portions on opposing sides of the rail plate, such that the flange portion on each side of the rail plate fits slidably within the opposing grooves of the frame, and wherein the rail plate includes a plurality of holes passing therethrough; wherein, when the overhang of the first member is fitted over a top surface of a panel and the overhang of the second member is fitted over a bottom surface of the panel, such that the plurality of holes in the first member is substantially aligned with the plurality of holes in the second member, at least one of the mechanical fasteners can be inserted through the plurality of holes to secure the first and second members to the panel to form a panel clamp; and wherein the panel clamp is secured to the mount by inserting at least one of the mechanical fasteners through at least one of the aligned holes of the panel clamp into at least one of the holes in the rail plate. 20. The system of claim 19, wherein at least two of the mechanical fasteners are inserted to secure the first and second members to the panel. 21. The system of claim 19, wherein the panel is a photovoltaic (PV) module. 22. The system of claim 19, wherein the panel is a liquid crystal display (LCD). 23. The system of claim 19, wherein the base of the frame further includes at least one hole passing therethrough, such that a mechanical fastener may be inserted through the at least one hole of the frame base to secure the mount to a rail of a second mount. 