The various embodiments herein provide an apparatus for harnessing a wave energy, solar energy and wind energy. The apparatus comprises a floating frame, a base portion connected to the floating frame and at least two linkage units. The two linkage units are a basic linkage unit and a medium linkage unit. The apparatus includes a plurality of floating flaps and at least one power extraction means. A connecting pivot is provided in the linkage units and the base portion. The floating flaps are pivoted vertically on the basic linkage unit and the base portion. The flaps associated with the floating flaps are placed under water against prevailing waves and floats associated with the floating flaps are placed on surface of the water, for absorbing the wave energy from projected portions present at edges and middle portion of the flaps.
Claims 1. An apparatus for harnessing a wave energy, solar energy and wind energy, the apparatus comprising: a floating frame; a base portion connected to the floating frame; at least two linkage units, wherein the two linkage units are a basic linkage unit and a medium linkage unit; a plurality of floating flaps; a connecting pivot provided in the linkage units and the base portion; and at least one power extraction means; Wherein the floating flaps are pivoted vertically on the basic linkage unit and the base portion and wherein the floating flaps have a plurality of flaps and a plurality of floats and wherein the plurality of flaps are placed under water against prevailing waves and wherein the plurality of floats are placed on a surface of water for absorbing a wave energy from a plurality of projected portions that are present at edges and middle portion of the flaps. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the floating frame is tethered to a seabed for preventing astray of the floating frame from the seabed. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprises at least three wind turbine towers provided in the floating frame to extract the wind energy. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the at least three wind turbine towers form a base of a roofing for installation of a plurality of photovoltaic sheets to extract the solar energy. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the at least three wind turbine towers are built away from the roofing to decrease a shadowing effect on the plurality of photovoltaic sheets. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising: a plurality of cavities filled with light material and provided in the plurality of floating flaps; a built in float connected to each of the flap, wherein the built in float is connected at top of the flap along horizontal and width of the flap to keep floating on surface of the water and move vertically during wave motions; one or more elevator boxes; and at least one gear box provided in each of the elevator box for pulling up a mass body or releasing down the elevated mass body to a lower position to release a potential energy of the elevated mass body. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein each of the elevator box comprises at least two pulleys and at least two ropes; and wherein at least one of the rope and at least one of the pulley is adapted to convert a pulling force of the flap to a circular motion and to receive the pulling force to elevate a body mass. 8. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein each of the floating flaps comprises a sealed linkage unit and wherein the sealed linkage unit comprises a power extraction means, a plurality of high pressure reservoirs, a plurality of low pressure reservoirs, at least one command system, a plurality of control systems, a plurality of hydromotors and a plurality of generators adapted for movement of each of the floating flaps in at least one of a left direction, a right direction, a backward direction, a forward direction and a heave direction. 9. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the basic linkage unit is pivoted on the base portion to permit the floating flaps to oscillate in one or more of the forward direction, the backward direction, the left direction, the right direction and the heave direction. 10. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the basic linkage unit and the base portion are connected by a pivot provided with a fixed element and wherein the fixed element is provided in perpendicular to an axis of the pivot. 11. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein each of the floating flaps further comprises at least one sliding rail and an flexible object; and wherein the at least one sliding rail is connected to a bottom portion or a middle portion of the floating flap to permit the floating flap to slide in the pivoted rail in a vertical direction and oblique direction; and wherein the flexible object is provided along each of the sliding rail and the pivoted rail to avoid touching edge of the sliding rail and the pivoted rail sinking into the water. 12. An apparatus as claimed in claim 1, further comprising: a connecting means for connecting the basic linkage unit to a space out of the water; a pivoted rail; a lever pivoted on the pivoted rail; and a connecting lever pivoted on the sliding rail for shifting a vertical motion of the flap to a pivotal motion, wherein the connecting lever is connected to the bottom portion of the flap; wherein the basic linkage unit is pivoted on a pivoted rail along with the flap to permit each of the flap to move in the direction perpendicular to a pivotal motion of the basic linkage unit and the pivot associated with the pivoted rail is placed within the basic linkage unit to avoid sinking of the floating flap into the water. 13. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the at least one power extraction means is arranged between an axis of the basic linkage unit and a body of the basic linkage unit for extracting wave energy from a motion of the flap. 14. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the at least one power extraction means is arranged between the pivoted rail and the body of the basic linkage unit for extracting wave energy from a motion of the flap. 15. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the at least one power extraction means is arranged between the pivoted rail and the pivoted lever of the heave motion to extract wave energy from a motion of the flap. 16. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein each of the power extraction means further comprising: at least one hydraulic ram for converting mechanical energy of the wave to a pressurized fluid energy; one or more hydro motors for converting the pressurized fluid energy into a circular mechanical motion; one or more generators for converting the circular motion of the hydro motors to generate electrical power; and an adjustment and movement controller device provided in each of the hydraulic ram for facilitating one end of the hydraulic cylinder ram to attain a locked position or a free position or to change a displacement length of the hydraulic cylinder ram to a predefined angular change. 17. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the adjusting and movement controller device further comprises double rails and at least one adjusting unit and wherein the at least one adjusting unit comprises a shaft, at least two free wheels, a double toothed shell, at least two ratchet locker and a pneumatic cylinder ram and wherein the shaft gets locked within the double toothed shell for fixing one end of the power extracting means. 18. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the shaft gets locked within the double toothed shell utilizing the at least two ratchet locker such that each of the two ratchet locker locks the shaft in at least one direction. 19. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising: a plurality of low pressure reservoirs for retaining the fluid; a feed extraction means; at least three high pressure reservoirs for reserving at least one of the wave energy, solar energy and wind energy; a plurality of sensors; a plurality of micro switches; an electronic command and monitoring unit connected to the plurality of sensors; and wherein the plurality of micro switches are used for monitoring data associated with a status of the apparatus. 20. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the linkage unit comprising: a control unit; a plurality of valves provided in the control unit; and a plurality of distribution devices. 