A process and system are disclosed for supplying electrical energy to a device located in a room housing an imaging system (such as an MRI system, for example), wherein the room is shielded from external electromagnetic fields. Certain embodiments of the present invention provide systems and processes for emitting electromagnetic radiation in the wavelength range of the light spectrum from at least one light emission device. Embodiments of the present invention further provide a process and system for transforming the electromagnetic radiation into electrical energy using at least one transducer device located in the room, and supplying the electrical energy to the device so as to minimize interfering electromagnetic fields within the room.
Claims 1. A process for providing electrical energy to a device used in connection with an imaging room, the room having shielding against electromagnetic fields, the process comprising: emitting electromagnetic radiation from at least one electromagnetic radiation emitting component located outside the shielding of the room; detecting the electromagnetic radiation with at least one transducer located in the room; transforming the electromagnetic radiation into electrical energy using the at least one transducer located in the room; transmitting at least one control signal from a device comprising the transducer to a device comprising the electromagnetic radiation emitting component, the control signal generated at least partially based on detection of the electromagnetic radiation or operating characteristics of the device used in connection with the imaging room; and directing the electrical energy to the device used in connection with the imaging room so as to supply power to the device and to minimize interfering magnetic fields in the room. 2. The process of claim 1, wherein the transforming step is performed inside the room. 3. The process of claim 2, wherein the emitting step further comprises emitting the electromagnetic radiation into the room through a viewing port defined in the shielding. 4. The process of claim 1, wherein the emitting step comprises emitting the electromagnetic radiation into the room via a transmitter fiber-optic cable. 5. The process of claim 1, wherein the transmitting step comprises transmitting a control signal from the device comprising the transducer to the device comprising the electromagnetic radiation emitting component via a responder fiber-optic cable such that the emitting step is at least partially controlled from inside the room. 6. The process of claim 5, wherein the transmitting step comprises relaying to the device comprising the electromagnetic radiation emitting component information corresponding to a light transmitting capability of the transmitter fiber-optic cable. 7. The process of claim 6, wherein the control signal transmitted from the device comprising the transducer to the device comprising the electromagnetic radiation emitting component comprises an instruction to reduce an intensity of the emitted electromagnetic radiation when the relayed information corresponding to the light transmitting capability of the transmitter fiber-optic cable indicates that the light transmitting capability of the transmitter fiber-optic cable is compromised. 8. The process of claim 1, wherein the emitting step further comprises emitting electromagnetic radiation substantially within the visible light spectrum. 9. The process of claim 1, wherein the emitting step further comprises emitting electromagnetic radiation substantially within the near infrared light spectrum. 10. The process of claim 1, wherein the emitting step further comprises emitting electromagnetic radiation substantially within the far infrared light spectrum. 11. The process of claim 1, wherein the emitting step further comprises emitting electromagnetic radiation substantially within the ultraviolet light spectrum. 12. The process of claim 1, wherein the imaging room comprises a magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) suite. 13. A system for providing electrical energy to a device used in connection with an imaging room, the room having shielding against electromagnetic fields, the system comprising: an electromagnetic radiation emitting component for emitting electromagnetic radiation from outside the shielding of the room; and a transducer located in the room for detecting the electromagnetic radiation, transforming the electromagnetic radiation into electrical energy, and directing the electrical energy to the device used in connection with the imaging room so as to supply power to the device and to minimize interfering magnetic fields in the room, wherein at least one control signal is transmitted from a device comprising the transducer to a device comprising the electromagnetic radiation emitting component, the control signal generated at least partially based on detection of the electromagnetic radiation or operating characteristics of the device used in connection with the imaging room. 14. The system of claim 13, wherein the electromagnetic radiation emitting component comprises a laser diode. 15. The system of claim 13, wherein the electromagnetic radiation emitting component is configured to be capable of emitting electromagnetic radiation having a wave length substantially between about 400 nanometers and about 700 nanometers. 16. The system of claim 13, wherein the electromagnetic radiation emitting component is configured to be capable of emitting electromagnetic radiation having a wave length substantially within the near infrared light spectrum. 17. The system of claim 13, wherein the electromagnetic radiation emitting component is configured to be capable of emitting electromagnetic radiation having a wave length substantially within the far infrared light spectrum. 18. The system of claim 13, wherein the electromagnetic radiation emitting component is configured to be capable of emitting electromagnetic radiation having a wave length substantially within the ultraviolet light spectrum. 19. The system of claim 13, wherein the imaging room comprises a magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) suite. 20. The system of claim 13, further comprising a transmitter fiber optic cable including a first end operably engaged with the device comprising the electromagnetic radiation emitting component and a second end operably engaged with the device comprising the transducer for transmitting the electromagnetic radiation to the transducer device. 21. The system of claim 20, wherein the second end of the transmitter fiber-optic cable is operably engaged with the device comprising the transducer via an optical connecting element. 22. The system of claim 20, wherein the transmitter fiber optic capable is configured to be capable of transmitting a data stream including data for controlling the electromagnetic radiation emitting component. 23. The system of claim 13 wherein the transducer comprises a photovoltaic element for transforming the electromagnetic radiation into electrical energy. 24. The system of claim 23, wherein the photovoltaic element is selected from the group consisting of: an array of doped silicon crystals; at least one solar cell; and combinations thereof. 25. The system of claim 23, wherein the device comprising the transducer further comprises a photodiode operably engaged with the photovoltaic element for monitoring a characteristic of the electromagnetic radiation. 26. The system of claim 24, wherein the photovoltaic element is operably engaged with a planar metallic element via a heat conducting element, the planar metallic element extending beyond a planar area of the photovoltaic element so as to dissipate heat generated by the photovoltaic element when transforming the electromagnetic energy into electrical energy. 27. The system of claim 26, wherein the planar metallic element comprises a copper foil. 28. The system of claim 26, wherein the planar metallic element comprises a silver foil. 29. The system of claim 26, wherein the planar metallic element comprises a gold foil. 30. The system of claim 13 further comprising a controller fiber-optic cable operably engaged between the device comprising the transducer and the device comprising the electromagnetic radiation emitting component for transmitting a first control signal from the device comprising the transducer to the device comprising the electromagnetic radiation emitting component such that the electromagnetic radiation emitting component is at least partially controllable from inside the room. 31. The system of claim 30, further comprising a responder fiber-optic cable operably engaged between the device comprising the transducer and the device comprising the electromagnetic radiation emitting component for transmitting information corresponding to the characteristic of the electromagnetic radiation. 32. The system of claim 31, wherein a second control signal is transmitted from the device comprising the transducer to the device comprising the electromagnetic radiation emitting component via the responder fiber-optic cable, wherein the second control signal comprises an instruction to reduce an intensity of the emitted electromagnetic radiation when the transmission information indicates that the transmitter fiberoptic cable is compromised. 33. The process of claim 1, wherein the transmitting step comprises transmitting data corresponding to a characteristic of the electromagnetic radiation and at least one control signal for controlling the electromagnetic radiation emitting component. 34. The process of claim 1, further comprising transmitting at least one control signal from the device comprising the electromagnetic radiation emitting component to the device comprising the transducer. 35. The process of claim 1, further comprising transmitting data regarding the operating characteristics of the device used in connection with the imaging room to the device comprising the electromagnetic radiation emitting component and/or the device comprising the transducer for controlling the device comprising the electromagnetic radiation emitting component and/or the device comprising the transducer. 36. The system of claim 13, wherein data corresponding to a characteristic of the electromagnetic radiation and at least one control signal for controlling the electromagnetic radiation emitting component are transmitted from the device comprising the transducer to the device comprising the electromagnetic radiation emitting component. 37. A process for providing electrical energy to a device used in connection with an imaging room, the room having shielding against electromagnetic fields, the process comprising: emitting electromagnetic radiation from at least one electromagnetic radiation emitting component from outside the shielding of the room; detecting the electromagnetic radiation with at least one transducer located in the room; transforming the electromagnetic radiation into electrical energy using the at least one transducer located in the room; transmitting data other than data corresponding to a characteristic of the electromagnetic radiation between a device comprising the transducer and a device comprising the electromagnetic radiation emitting component, the data generated at least partially based on detection of the electromagnetic radiation or operating characteristics of the device used in connection with the imaging room; and directing the electrical energy to the device used in connection with the imaging room so as to supply power to the device and to minimize interfering magnetic fields in the room. 38. The process of claim 37, wherein the transmitting step comprises transmitting at least one control signal for controlling the electromagnetic radiation emitting component. 39. The process of claim 1, wherein the transforming step comprises transforming the electromagnetic radiation into an electrical current using the at least one transducer, and wherein the directing step comprises directing the electrical current to the device used in connection with the imaging room. 40. The process of claim 1, wherein the directing step comprises directing the electrical energy to an injection unit for dispensing contrast fluid to an individual. 41. The process of claim 1, wherein transmitting comprises transmitting at least one control signal from a device comprising the transducer to a device comprising the electromagnetic radiation emitting component, the control signal at least partially based on detection of the electromagnetic radiation with the at least one transducer. 