A solar collector of the direct flow type comprises a solar absorbing tube 3 containing elongate tube 11, and a working fluid. The elongate tube 11 contains a concentrically positioned inner pipe 12 thereby forming two concentric internal flow passage ways 13, 14 for the flow of a fluid to be heated. The elongate tube 11 extends out of one end of the solar absorbing tube 3 and into an end fitting 15 wherein an annular outer passageway 13 of the elongate tube 11 communicates with a cold fluid inlet conduit 16 within the end fitting 15 and the inner passageway 14 of the elongate tube 11 communicates with a hot water outlet conduit 17 within the end fitting 15. A central dividing wall 19 divides the fitting 18 into the cold fluid inlet conduit 16 and the hot fluid outlet conduit 17. The dividing wall 19 is a separate insert component which is mounted in the passageway. Fluid can flow between the tubular passages 18 of adjacent solar tubes 3. The open ends of the passages 18 comprise recesses to provide a circumferential seat 20 for an o-ring 21 or similar sealing means to provide a fluid-tight seal when adjacent end fittings 15 are mounted together.
Claims 1. A solar collector comprising at least one elongate tube, said at least one elongate tube including means for absorbing solar radiation, means for transferring heat from said heat absorbing means to a fluid to be heated and an end fitting providing fluid connection means for connection with a corresponding end fitting of an adjacent elongate member to permit passage of fluid between the end fittings without requiring a separate manifold, the end fitting comprising a fluid passageway, the end fitting being adapted to sealingly engage a similar passageway of an adjacent end fitting, the passageway being divided by a longitudinally extending dividing wall into a cold fluid passageway for a cold fluid stream and a hot fluid passageway for a hot fluid stream wherein the dividing wall comprises a separate component which is mounted in the passageway. 2. The solar collector as claimed in claim 1 wherein the end fitting comprises mounting means for the dividing wall. 3. The solar collector as claimed in claim 2 wherein the mounting means comprises a mechanical mounting means. 4. The solar collector as claimed in claim 2 wherein the mounting means comprises a receiver for reception of the dividing wall. 5. The solar collector as claimed in claim 4 wherein the receiver comprises a longitudinal part which extends longitudinally along the end fitting. 6. The solar collector as claimed in claim 5 wherein the longitudinal part comprises an elongate slot extending along at least a portion of the end fitting. 7. The solar collector as claimed in claim 6 wherein the receiver comprises a pair of appositely directed elongate slots. 8. The solar collector as claimed in claim 4 wherein the receiver comprises a transverse part which extends transversely at least partially across the end fitting. 9. The solar collector as claimed in claim 8 wherein the transverse part comprises a support which extends transversely across the end fitting. 10. The solar collector as claimed in claim 9 wherein the transverse part comprises a pair of supports which are spaced-apart to define a transverse receiving slot therebetween. 11. The solar collector as claimed in claim 8 wherein the transverse part is located at one end of the fitting. 12. The solar collector as claimed in claim 1 wherein the end fitting is of a rigid plastics material and the dividing wall is also of a rigid plastic material. 13. The solar collector as claimed in claim 1 wherein the dividing wall comprises an opening through which a hot fluid pipe of the solar collector tube extends for delivery of hot fluid from the solar collector tube into the hot fluid passageway. 14. The solar collector as claimed in claim 1 wherein the dividing wall is removable from the fitting. 15. (canceled) 16. The solar collector assembly comprising a plurality of similar solar collectors as claimed in claim 1 wherein an end fitting at one end of the assembly comprises a first blocking means for blocking one of the passageways and an end fitting at an opposite end of the assembly comprises a second blocking means for blocking the other of the passageways. 17. (canceled) 18. (canceled) 