A connecting device which can be arranged relative to a photovoltaic module for the purpose of electrically connecting a plurality of photovoltaic modules to one another and/or to an inverter device comprising at least a housing. The housing includes a first housing element and a second housing element; first connection devices for electrical connection to the photovoltaic module arranged in the first housing element; and second connection devices for electrical connection to a further connecting device or to the inverter device of a semiconductor circuit having at least one semiconductor component arranged in the second housing element. The connecting device further includes first contact devices, which are associated with the first housing element, and second contact devices, which are associated with the second housing element. The semiconductor circuit arrangement can be electrically connected to the first connection devices.
Claims 1. A connecting device which can be arranged relative to a photovoltaic module electrically connect a plurality of photovoltaic modules to at least one of another photovoltaic module and an inverter device, the connecting device comprising: a housing having a first housing element and a second housing element; first connection devices for electrical connection to at least one of the plurality of photovoltaic modules; second connection devices for electrical connection to at least one of a further connecting device and to an inverter device of a semiconductor circuit having at least one semiconductor component arranged in said second housing element; first contact devices, which are associated with said first housing element; and second contact devices, which are associated with said second housing element, whereby the semiconductor circuit may be electrically connected to said first connection devices. 2. The connecting device of claim 1, wherein said second connection devices are arranged in said second housing element. 3. The connecting device of claim 1, wherein said second connection devices are arranged in said first housing element and hence the semiconductor circuit can be electrically connected to said second connection devices. 4. The connecting device of claim 1, further comprising a cooling device in thermal contact with the semiconductor circuit and formed integrally with said second housing element. 5. The connecting device of claim 1, further comprising a cooling device in thermal contact with the semiconductor circuit and arranged in a cutout in a second housing element. 6. The connecting device of claim 1, wherein the semiconductor circuit includes at least one electrically insulating substrate with interconnects arranged thereon and with semiconductor components materially connected thereto. 7. Connecting device of claim 1, wherein the semiconductor circuit includes a plurality of push contact devices having a respective packaged semiconductor component for making force-fit contact therewith. 8. Connecting device according to claim 1, wherein said first and second contact devices connect the semiconductor circuit to said second connection devices. 9. The connecting device of claim 1, wherein said first and second contact devices are in the form of a plug contact device. 10. The connecting device of claim 6, wherein said first and second contact devices are in the form of a plug contact device. 11. The connecting device of claim 1, wherein said first and second contact devices are in the form of a spring contact device to which pressure is applied when said first housing element is arranged relative to said second housing element. 12. The connecting device of claim 6, wherein said first and second contact devices are in the form of a spring contact device to which pressure is applied when said first housing element is arranged relative to said second housing element. 