A portable stand with an integral power supply and controller, a mast for supporting a functional device and a stabilizing leg assembly comprises a main housing for a power supply, and connected to the main housing are retractable and extendable support legs and an extendable and retractable mast. The mast includes a mount for holding at least one functional device to form a single, integral unit that provides for storage, stable support and power for a functional device that is mounted onto the mast, and portability.
Claims 1. (canceled) 2. (canceled) 3. (canceled) 4. (canceled) 5. (canceled) 6. A portable stand comprising: a first case that defines an enclosed space, a mount for attaching at least one functional device, at least one extendible leg attached to said first case so that it can be locked in a retracted or extended position, and an extendible mast attached to said first case, said mount being operatively connected to said mast, wherein said at least one extendable leg may be retracted for transport and storage and said mast can be retracted for transport and storage, said leg and said mast being extendable from said case at a site of use by manipulation of said leg and mast without requiring connection of parts thereto, wherein said mast extends upward vertically higher than the height of said case and said legs extend from said case to provide stability for said mast when extended upwards from said case, wherein said at least one extendible leg is pivotally and slidably connected, and wherein said first case defining said enclosed space can contain a power supply that can be operatively connected to a controller. 7. The stand of claim 6, wherein said functional device is selected from the group consisting of a light, a microphone, a still camera, an audio output, a visual output, a laser, a weapon, a video camera, a transmitter, a receiver, a weather monitoring device, a solar panel, a surveying device, a motion sensing device, a chemical sensor, a thermal sensor, an alarm, a wind power generator, and a GPS device. 8. The stand of claim 6, comprising two said extendible legs that are part of a single leg assembly attachable to said case. 