There is provided a wiring sheet (10) provided with a wiring (16) on an insulating base material (11) for electrically connecting a plurality of back electrode type solar cells (20), the wiring sheet (10) having a plurality of cell mounting portions (10a) provided with the back electrode type solar cells (20), the wiring sheet (10) being provided with an insulation layer (101) on a cell mounting side between adjacent cell mounting portions (10a). There is provided a wiring sheet (10) for a back electrode type solar cell, a solar cell with the wiring sheet, a solar cell module, and a method for fabricating the solar cell with the wiring sheet, that can reduce/prevent unwanted contact between the back electrode type solar cell (20) disposed on the wiring sheet (10) and the wiring (16) of the wiring sheet (10).
Claims 1.-14. (canceled) 15. A solar cell with a wiring sheet, comprising: a wiring sheet having an insulating base material and a wiring provided on said insulating base material; and a back electrode type solar cell having a photoreceptive surface and an opposite surface provided with a group of electrodes including an electrode for n type and an electrode for p type, said wiring sheet being provided with said back electrode type solar cell on a plane, said wiring sheet being provided with an insulation layer at said plane on a surface of at least a portion of a region excluding a cell mounting portion on which said back electrode type solar cell is mounted, said insulation layer partially extending to said cell mounting portion between a region of said back electrode type solar cell outer than said group of electrodes and said wiring sheet, curing resin being introduced between said back electrode type solar cell and said insulating base material of said wiring sheet at a region between adjacent ones of said electrodes for n and p types of said back electrode type solar cell. 16. The solar cell with the wiring sheet according to claim 15, wherein said curing resin is introduced between said back electrode type solar cell and said wiring sheet at a region between an end of said insulation layer and said wiring adjacent to that end. 17. The solar cell with the wiring sheet according to claim 15, wherein said insulation layer has a surface similar in color to said photoreceptive surface of said back electrode type solar cell. 18. The solar cell with the wiring sheet according to claim 15, wherein said insulation layer has a white surface. 19. The solar cell with the wiring sheet according to claim 15, wherein said insulation layer is at least partially provided on said wiring. 20. The solar cell with the wiring sheet according to claim 19, further comprising a plurality of back electrode type solar cells and provided with said insulation layer between adjacent ones of said back electrode type solar cells. 21. A solar cell module having the solar cell with the wiring sheet of claim 20 sealed with a sealing material. 22. A method for fabricating a solar cell with a wiring sheet, including a wiring sheet having an insulating base material and a wiring provided on said insulating base material, and a back electrode type solar cell having a photoreceptive surface and an opposite surface provided with a group of electrodes including an electrode for n type and an electrode for p type, comprising the steps of: providing an insulation layer on a plane having a cell mounting portion for mounting said back electrode type solar cell thereon; introducing resin in at least one of a region including said group of electrodes of said back electrode type solar cell and said cell mounting portion of said wiring sheet; disposing said back electrode type solar cell on said wiring sheet such that a region of said back electrode type solar cell outer than said group of electrodes is superposed on a portion of said insulation layer; and curing said resin to provide cured resin. 23. The method for fabricating a solar cell with a wiring sheet according to claim 22, wherein the step of providing an insulation layer includes the step of attaching an insulating member in a form of tape. 24. The method for fabricating a solar cell with a wiring sheet according to claim 22, wherein the step of providing an insulation layer includes the step of applying a resin composition containing a curing agent on said wiring sheet and the step of curing said resin composition to provide said insulation layer. 25. The method for fabricating a solar cell with a wiring sheet according to claim 22, wherein the step of providing an insulation layer includes the step of subjecting a surface of said wiring to surface-processing. 