A method for using an integrated battery and device structure includes using two or more stacked electrochemical cells integrated with each other formed overlying a surface of a substrate. The two or more stacked electrochemical cells include related two or more different electrochemistries with one or more devices formed using one or more sequential deposition processes. The one or more devices are integrated with the two or more stacked electrochemical cells to form the integrated battery and device structure as a unified structure overlying the surface of the substrate. The one or more stacked electrochemical cells and the one or more devices are integrated as the unified structure using the one or more sequential deposition processes. The integrated battery and device structure is configured such that the two or more stacked electrochemical cells and one or more devices are in electrical, chemical, and thermal conduction with each other.
Claims 1. A method for using an integrated battery and device structure, the method comprising: using two or more stacked electrochemical cells integrated with each other formed overlying a surface of a substrate, the two or more stacked electrochemical cells comprising related two or more different electrochemistries with one or more devices formed using one or more sequential deposition processes, the one or more devices being integrated with the two or more stacked electrochemical cells to form the integrated battery and device structure as a unified structure overlying the surface of the substrate, whereupon the one or more stacked electrochemical cells and the one or more devices are integrated as the unified structure using the one or more sequential deposition processes, and wherein the integrated battery and device structure is configured such that the two or more stacked electrochemical cells and one or more devices are in electrical, chemical, and thermal conduction with each other. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein the one or more sequential deposition processes is one of at least physical vapor deposition (PVD). 3. The method of claim 1 further comprising a separation region configured for heat transfer provided between the two or more electrochemical cells. 4. The method of claim 3 wherein the separation region configured for thermal transfer is formed from at least diamond (C), poly-diamond (poly-C), alumina, boron nitride, aluminum nitride, or silicon carbide. 5. The method of claim 1 wherein the two or more electrochemistries selected from at least lithium (Li), lithium-ion, lithium-metal-polymer (LiM-polymer), lithium (Li)-air, lead (Pb)-acid, nickel metal hydrate (Ni/MH), nickel-zinc (Ni/Zn), zinc (Zn)-air, molten salts (Na/NiCl.sub.2), zebra (NaAlCl.sub.4), nickel-cadmium (Ni/Cd), silver-zinc (Ag/Zn). 6. The method of claim 1 wherein the device comprises at least one of a microelectromechanical system (MEMS) sensing element, a fuel-cell, a photovoltaic device, a capacitor, or an ultracapacitor. 7. The method of claim 1 wherein the device comprises a hybrid combination of units selected from the group consisting of electrochemical cells, fuel-cells, photovoltaic cells, capacitors, ultracapacitors, piezoelectric, thermo-electric, microelectromechanical turbines and energy scavengers. 8. The method of claim 1 further comprising a monitoring device consisting of a data BUS in logic contact and communication with the one or more devices and a central computing and processing unit (CPU), the CPU having control over one or more individual elements. 9. The method of claim 8 wherein the monitoring device is configured to detect temperature T. 10. The method of claim 9 wherein the monitoring device is configured to detect stress within one or more components. 11. The method of claim 9 wherein the monitoring device is configured to detect gas and gaseous reaction by products from operation at least either the one or more electrochemical cells or one or more devices. 12. The method of claim 9 wherein the monitoring device is configured to detect lithium composition and a transition through an anode and a cathode separation layer. 13. The method of claim 9 further comprising one or more monitoring devices to maintain a safe operation of the two or more electrochemical cells or the one or more devices. 14. The method of claim 1 further comprising a cooling system consisting of liquid coolant or liquefied gases activated if temperature rises above a set threshold, the cooling system being in thermal contact with heat sinks designed to remove thermal energy using one or more conducting paths. 15. The method of claim 1 wherein the two or more electrochemical cells are configured using hybrid principles applied to optimize device architecture, schedule, energy and power density along with rechargeability and lifetime. 16. An integrated battery and device structure comprising: two or more stacked electrochemical cells integrated with each other formed overlying a surface of a substrate, the two or more stacked electrochemical cells comprising related two or more different electrochemistries; and one or more devices formed using one or more sequential deposition processes, the one or more devices being integrated with the two or more stacked electrochemical cells to form the integrated battery and device structure as a unified structure overlying the surface of the substrate, whereupon the one or more stacked electrochemical cells and the one or more devices are integrated as the unified structure using the one or more sequential deposition processes, and wherein the integrated battery and device structure is configured such that the two or more stacked electrochemical cells and one or more devices are in electrical, chemical, and thermal conduction with each other. 