A well watchman pumping and control system capable of operating in a wide range of ambient conditions is described. The system automatically maintains fluid level in a fluid storage vessel, while protecting the pump and generator from operating in conditions outside preset operating parameters to prevent premature failure and reduce repair. By operating to pump fluid only when preset operating conditions exist, e.g. low fluid level, ambient temperature, etc., the system reduces labor, fuel, and maintenance operating costs to the owner, improves well pumping reliability and production, reduces generator fuel consumption, reduces emissions, and conserves ground water or liquid hydrocarbons, whichever is being pumped into the fluid storage vessel by the system.
Claims 1. A well pumping and control system comprising: a power supply; a system control; a fluid storage vessel; a well pump that provides fluid to the fluid storage vessel; at least one monitoring device for monitoring a fluid level in the fluid storage vessel, a flow rate of the pump, and one or more operating conditions of the power supply; wherein the at least one monitoring device communicates the fluid level in the fluid storage vessel to the system control and wherein the system control turns the power supply on and starts the well pump when the fluid level reaches a preset low level. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein the electricity power supply comprises a combustion engine driven generator, and wherein the system control automatically monitors the generator and the well pump to protect against operation under low flow conditions or operation of the generator or pump during unsuitable operating parameters. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein the at least one monitoring device comprises a float switch or a pressure switch. 4. The system of claim 1 further comprising means for monitoring pump discharge flow. 5. The system of claim 2 further including at least one of the following: means for monitoring a fuel level and means for displaying a low fuel message, means for monitoring an operating oil level and means for displaying a low operating oil message, means for monitoring ambient temperature and means for displaying a low ambient temperature message, means for monitoring a typical fill time of the storage vessel by monitoring the fluid flow rate from the pump, the quantity of fluid required to raise the fluid level to the high level, or the time elapsed between start and stop of the pump, or means for monitoring electrical output from the generator. 6. The system of claim 5 wherein the system control ceases operation of the pump and generator at an occurrence of any one or more of the following: after the fuel level reaches a preset low fuel level, after the operating oil level reaches a preset operating oil low level, after the ambient temperature reaches a preset low ambient temperature, after the typical fill time has elapsed without the monitoring device indicating the fluid level in the fluid vessel has reached the high level, or after an indication that the electrical output from the generator is outside a preset electrical output range. 7. The system of claim 5 wherein the system control relays an error message, displays a message, or relays an error message and displays a message at the occurrence of any one or more of the following: after the fuel level reaches a preset low fuel level, after the operating oil level reaches a preset operating oil low level, after the ambient temperature reaches a preset low ambient temperature, after the typical fill time has elapsed without the monitoring device, or after an indication that the electrical output from the generator is outside a preset electrical output range. 8. The system of claim 2 wherein the system control is capable of storing and displaying at least one operating condition at the system or at least one remote location to which the system control has electronically transmitted it, or both. 9. The system of claim 8 wherein the operating condition includes one or more of the following: fluid production data, run time of the generator or pump, elapsed time of the generator or pump operation, aggregate amount of fluid pumped, or maintenance time to clean an air filter, operating oil, or spark plug of the generator. 10. The system of claim 1 wherein the fluid is a hydrocarbon. 11. The system of claim 1 wherein the system is solar powered and wherein the power supply is selected from the group consisting of: combustion engine generator, solar panels, wind turbines, or any combination of these. 12. The system of claim 11 wherein the power supply includes a generator and solar panels. 13. A method of operating a well pumping and control system, the system comprising a power supply, a system control, a fluid storage vessel, a well pump that provides fluid to the fluid storage vessel, at least one monitoring device for monitoring a fluid level in the fluid storage vessel, a flow rate of the pump, and one or more operating conditions of the power supply, the method comprising: monitoring the fluid level in the fluid storage vessel with the monitoring device; providing electricity from the power supply to the well pump; and, initiating operation of well pump when the fluid level in the fluid storage vessel reaches a preset low level. 14. The method of claim 13 wherein the step of monitoring includes the system control receiving a signal from a float switch to commence a system start sequence. 15. The method of claim 14 wherein the system control initiates operation of the generator and the pump to pump fluid to fill the fluid storage vessel to a preset high level and then initiates a shutdown sequence of the generator and pump. 16. The method of claim 15 wherein, if during operation of the pump, the fluid flow is less than a preset flow rate, the method further comprises: stopping operation of the pump and generator by the system control. 17. The method of claim 16 wherein the method further comprises: displaying a system condition. 18. The method of claim 16 wherein the method further comprises: restarting the system after a preset time has elapsed. 19. The method of claim 13 wherein the fluid is a hydrocarbon. 20. The method of claim 13 further including at least one of the following: monitoring a fuel level and displaying a low fuel message, monitoring an operating oil level and displaying a low operating oil message, monitoring ambient temperature and displaying a low ambient temperature message, monitoring a typical fill time of the storage vessel by monitoring the fluid flow rate from the pump, the quantity of fluid required to raise the fluid level to a preset high fluid level, or the time elapsed between start and stop of the pump, or monitoring electrical output from the generator. 21. The method of claim 20 wherein the system control ceases operation of the pump and generator at an occurrence of one of the following: after the fuel level reaches a preset low fuel level, after the operating oil level reaches a preset operating oil low level, after the ambient temperature reaches a preset low ambient temperature, after the typical fill time has lapsed without the monitoring device indicating the fluid level in the fluid vessel has reached the preset high fluid level, or after an indication that the electrical output from the generator is outside a preset electrical output range. 22. The method of claim 20 wherein the system control displays a message at the occurrence of one of the following: after the fuel level reaches a preset low fuel level, indicating the generator requires fuel, after the operating oil level reaches a preset operating oil low level, indicating the generator requires operating oil, after the ambient temperature reaches a preset low ambient temperature, indicating the generator and pump should not be run, after the typical fill time has lapsed without the monitoring device indicating the fluid level in the fluid vessel has reached the high level, indicating a possible leak or other problem with the fluid storage vessel, or after an indication that the electrical output from the generator is outside a preset electrical output range, indicating an electrical error. 23. A method of improving an existing well, the existing well including at least a power supply and a first pump connected to a fluid storage vessel, the method comprising: replacing the first pump with a second pump that is capable of pumping at a fluid flow rate that is higher than the first pump; and, providing a system control and a monitoring device for monitoring a fluid level in the fluid storage vessel, the fluid flow rate of the second pump, and at least one operating condition of the power supply; wherein the monitoring device communicates the fluid level in the fluid storage vessel to the system control and wherein the system control turns on the power supply and starts the second pump when the fluid level reaches a preset low level. 24. The method of claim 23 wherein the fluid is water. 25. The method of claim 23 wherein the fluid is a hydrocarbon. 