The present invention provides a solar cell module. The solar cell module includes a floodlight panel with a light transmission property; solar cells each of which has a light-receiving surface with electrode pads and a non-light-receiving surface opposite to the light-receiving surface, the solar cells being adhered to the floodlight panel so that the light-receiving surface faces the floodlight panel; and a conductive bonding film which is interposed between the floodlight panel and the solar cells and bonds the floodlight panel to the solar cells, wherein the conductive bonding film is used to electrically connect the electrode pads of the solar cells adjacent to one another.
Claims 1. A solar cell module comprising: a floodlight panel with a light transmission property; solar cells each of which has a light-receiving surface with electrode pads and a non-light-receiving surface opposite to the light-receiving surface, the solar cells being adhered to the floodlight panel so that the light-receiving surface faces the floodlight panel; and a conductive bonding film which is interposed between the floodlight panel and the solar cells and bonds the floodlight panel to the solar cells, wherein the conductive bonding film is used to electrically connect the electrode pads of the solar cells adjacent to one another. 2. The module of claim 1, wherein the conductive bonding film is formed by coating a metal paste composition on the floodlight panel. 3. The module of claim 1, wherein the conductive bonding film corresponds to a metal film including at least one of Au, Ag, Ni, In, Zn, Ti, Cu, Cr, Ta, W, Pt, Fe, and Co. 4. The module of claim 1, wherein the conductive bonding has one end connected to a plus electrode pad of any one in solar cells, and the other end connected to a minus electrode pad of the other solar cell adjacent to the one solar cell. 5. The module of claim 1, wherein the floodlight panel has an exposure surface exposed to the outside, and a non-exposure surface facing the light-receiving surface of the solar cells, and the solar cell module further includes a molding film for covering the non-exposure surface so that the solar cells can be made airtight. 6. The module of claim 5, wherein the molding film is formed of an opaque material. 7. The module of claim 1, further comprising a conductive spacer which is interposed between the floodlight panel and the solar cells and maintains intervals between the floodlight panel and the solar cells to be preset intervals. 8. The module of claim 7, wherein the conductive module is bonded to the electrode pads. 9. The module of claim 8, wherein the conductive spacer is made of at least one metal of Au, Ag, Ni, In, Zn, Ti, Cu, Cr, Ta, W, Pt, Fe, and Co. 10. The module of claim 8, wherein the conductive spacer further includes a stud bump. 11. A mobile device comprising: a case which has one side with openings; a display unit which is formed on the other side of the case and displays information to the outside; and a solar cell module which is embedded in the case and receives external light to convert the received external light into an electric energy, wherein the solar cell module comprises: a floodlight panel with a light transmission property; solar cells each of which has a light-receiving surface with electrode pads and a non-light-receiving surface opposite to the light-receiving surface, the solar cells being adhered to the floodlight panel so that the light-receiving surface faces the floodlight panel; and a conductive bonding film which is interposed between the floodlight panel and the solar cells and bonds the floodlight panel to the solar cells, wherein the conductive bonding film is used to electrically connect the electrode pads of the solar cells adjacent to one another. 12. The device of claim 11, wherein the floodlight panel is exposed to the outside of the case, and includes a transparent glass through which external light is incident on the solar cells. 13. The device of claim 11, wherein the conductive bonding film has one end connected to a plus electrode pad of any one in solar cells, and the other end connected to a minus electrode pad of the other solar cell adjacent to the one solar cell. 14. The device of claim 11, further comprising a conductive spacer which is interposed between the floodlight panel and the solar cells and maintains intervals between the floodlight panel and the solar cells to be preset intervals. 15. A method for manufacturing a solar cell module comprising: preparing a floodlight panel; coating a conductive paste on the floodlight panel; preparing solar cells each of which has a light-receiving surface with electrode pads and a non-light receiving surface opposite to the light-receiving surface; and bonding the floodlight panel to the solar cells by using the conductive paste as a bonding film while electrode pads of the solar cells adjacent to one another are interconnected by the conductive paste. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein bonding the floodlight panel to the solar cells is made by using the conductive paste as an adhesive. 17. The method of claim 15, wherein preparing the floodlight panel includes preparing a transparent glass which has an exposure surface exposed to the outside, and a non-exposure surface facing the light-receiving surface of the solar cells, and coating the conductive paste comprises forming a metal paste composition by restricting bonding regions from the non-exposure surface, the bonding regions being used for bonding of the solar cells to the floodlight panel by the conductive paste. 18. The method of claim 15, wherein coating the conductive paste comprises forming a metal paste composition on the floodlight panel, the metal paste composition including at least one of Au, Ag, Ni, In, Zn, Ti, Cu, Cr, Ta, W, Pt, Fe, and Co. 19. The method of claim 15, wherein coating the conductive paste comprises performing at least one of a silk screen process, a dispensing process, and an ink-jet coating process. 20. The method of claim 15, wherein preparing the floodlight panel comprises preparing a transparent glass which has an exposure surface exposed to the outside, and a non-exposure surface facing the light-receiving surface of the solar cells, and the method for manufacturing the solar cell module further comprises forming a molding film for covering the non-exposure surface so that the solar cells can be made airtight. 21. The method of claim 15, further comprising interposing a conductive spacer between the floodlight panel and the solar cells in such a manner that the floodlight panel and the solar cells are maintained to have preset intervals. 22. The method of claim 21, wherein interposing the conductive spacer comprises bonding a stud bump to the electrode pads of the solar cells. 23. The method of claim 21, wherein bonding the solar cells to the floodlight panel comprises relatively moving the floodlight panel and the solar cells in such a manner that the floodlight panel and the solar cells can be closely adhered to one another, the conductive pacer being used as a stopper for stopping relative movement of the floodlight panel and the solar cells. 24. The method of claim 21, wherein preparing the floodlight panel comprises preparing a transparent glass which has bonding regions for bonding of the solar cells, and bonding the solar cells to the floodlight panel comprises restricting a close adhesion distance between the floodlight panel and the solar cells so that the bonding regions are restricted as the conductive paste is spread by the close adhesion of the floodlight panel and the solar cells, and restricting the close adhesion distance between the floodlight panel and the solar cells is made by controlling a thicknesses of the conductive spacer. 25. A method for manufacturing a mobile device comprising: preparing a case with openings; forming a display unit, displaying information to the outside, in the case; and forming a solar cell module, receiving external light to convert the received external light into an electric energy, in the case, wherein providing the solar cell module comprises: preparing a floodlight panel; coating a conductive paste on the floodlight panel; preparing solar cells each of which has a light-receiving surface with electrode pads and a non-light receiving surface opposite to the light-receiving surface; bonding the floodlight panel to the solar cells by using the conductive paste as a bonding film while electrode pads of the solar cells adjacent to one another are interconnected by the conductive paste; and mounting the floodlight panel on the case so that the openings are made airtight by the floodlight panel. 26. The method of claim 25, further comprising interposing a conductive spacer between the floodlight panel and the solar cells in such a manner that the floodlight panel and the solar cells are maintained to have preset intervals. 27. The method of claim 26, wherein interposing the conductive spacer comprises bonding a stud bump to the electrode pads of the solar cells. 28. The method of claim 25, wherein bonding the solar cells to the floodlight panel comprises relatively moving the floodlight panel and the solar cells in such a manner that the floodlight panel and the solar cells can be closely adhered to one another, the conductive pacer being used as a stopper for stopping relative movement of the floodlight panel and the solar cells. 29. The method of claim 28, wherein preparing the floodlight panel comprises preparing a transparent glass which has bonding regions for bonding of the solar cells, and bonding the solar cells to the floodlight panel comprises restricting a close adhesion distance between the floodlight panel and the solar cells so that the bonding regions are restricted as the conductive paste is spread by the close adhesion of the floodlight panel and the solar cells, and restricting the close adhesion distance between the floodlight panel and the solar cells is made by controlling a thicknesses of the conductive spacer. 