The present invention describes a method, system and apparatus for optimizing a flow of thermal fluid through one in a multitude of local reservoirs (e.g. water tank) which may have local heating capability and which shares a common water heating source (e.g. solar panels). Keeping a minimal flow from the inlet to the outlet allows a continuous temperature difference monitoring, which is then used to vary the local flow through an automated system, while also taking in consideration the effect of an optional local heating source. The said above may be applied in reverse for cooling systems.
Claims 1. An automatic operational system controlling the behavior of a common water heating source system, such as a sun collectors, that is a system that connected to a plurality of an individual water reservoirs, that optionally have a backup source of energy, and enables, or disables the connection or the disconnection of the individual water reservoir from/to such common water heating source and system, enabling the individual reservoir (water tank) to act as an independent system, and not to be influenced by undesirable effects from that common system, wherein the system comprising: a. a micro controller with three main inputs and one main output. Inputs: a.1. optional on/off state of the PWHS where applicable a.2. The temperature of the tank's solar circuit's inlet a.3. The temperature of the tank's solar circuit's outlet Wherein, the PWHS's on/off state is logical, and can be related either to the user control as in a physical on/off switch (thus using a dry contact), to the built-in thermostat state actual heating on/off (thus using a high voltage relay or an optocoupler) or to another given threshold value or state (thus using control over an A2D input). Wherein, temperatures are being sensed using thermistors fed to A2D inputs. It is also possible to set the minimum delta-T of the inlet above the outlet to be considered "higher". It is possible to replace the thermistors with fixed resistors or software to bypass temperature reading and correlate only to the PWHS state. It is possible to set software minimum temperatures for activation. In a fallback case where both thermistors indicate a value below minimum (both cold)--the valve is closed, when both indicate a value above maximum (both hot)--the valve is opened (unless the PWHS is on). When one of the thermistors is invalid (or any other total control fail)--the valve is set to a predefined state (commonly opened). Output: The output is controlling the valve's state. The valve control can be traditionally implemented using a standard 2-way actuated motorized, solenoid or other electromechanically controlled valve. For example, in case of an actuated 5 v motorized edge-auto-stopping valve using 3 wires it is simple to use two TTL outputs, one for commencing open, one for close. If monitoring of motor state is needed, electrical current or voltage from the relevant wire(s) can be fed into the controller's input. b. A Constant Minimal Solar Circuit Flow: b.1. Using a bypass pipe over the valve. The bypass pipe's passage is very narrow and allows only a miniscule amount of fluid to flow. It is also possible to have a T-pipe bypass arrangement to have one of the thermistors embedded into it. b.2. Using motorized valve, it is possible to leave the valve slightly opened (for example, by letting it shut completely then shortly open it). c. Some Power Supply Options: c.1. Using transformer from nearby power outlet c.2. Using batteries c.3. Using transformer from power input to the PHWT with rechargeable batteries c.4. Using solar panels to recharge batteries 2. The system described in claim 1 wherein, the connecting or the disconnecting of the two systems is due the temperature differences between the common water heating source system temperature and the Private Water Tanks temperature. 3. The system of claim 1 further comprising a Control Core Logic in Pseudo-Code: TABLE-US-00002 @Start: PHWT = GetLogicState(InPortA); InT = GetTemperature(InPortB); OutT = GetTemperature(InPortC); If (!IsValid(PHWT) || !IsValid(InT) || !IsValid(OutT)) { TriggerError( ); BackgroundSetValve(FALLBACK_POSITION); Goto @Start; } If (!PHWT && (InT > OutT || (InT > MaxT && OutT > MaxT))) { BackgroundSetValve(OPEN_POSITION); } Else { BackgroundSetValve(CLOSE_POSITION); } Goto @Start; 4. The system of claim 1 further comprising an extended outputs to be used with another system or a (modular mountable) user display/input panel: a. PWHS's logical/physical state b. Temperature readings c. Valve state d. Status, Alerts and Errors 5. The system of claim 1 further comprising an extended inputs to be used as built-in controls or with another system or a (modular mountable) user display/input: a. Set PWHS's state b. Bypass thermistors c. Valve manual override d. Set inlet>outlet delta-T e. Set minimum inlet activation temperature f. Set fallback state g. Set PWHS's timer(s) with desired-temperature. 6. The system of claim 1 further wherein, the system described as used for water heating, is completely simple and sufficient to adapt it to a cooling system by swapping the inlet and outlet temperature inputs. 7. The system of claim 1 wherein the systems comprising: a. common thermal source and b. multitude of private accumulators for the said source with or without a private backup. 8. The system of claim 1 wherein the use of the system can be used by the application of pressured gas storage for release of energy converted to electricity. 9. The system of claim 1 wherein thus, the common thermal source doesn't limited to solar panels, it can be an electric common source, nuclear common source, geothermal common source, etc. 10. The system of claim 1 wherein and the private accumulation device doesn't have to be limited to a water boiler, it can be a pressure gas tank. 11. The system of claim 1 wherein the backup system is not limited to electrical unit, and can be any one used for such application (e.g. gas burning) 12. The system of claim 1 further comprising the backup system that its sensing abilities are not limited to electrical current sensing, but can work on radio waves, infra-red reading, etc. 13. The system of claim 1 further comprising the valve being used to close the circuit is not limited to a motorized ball-valve and can be any device to give this effect (a solenoid valve for e.g.) 14. The system of claim 1 further comprising the specific usage of a valve which can leave a small opening, and has the advantage of not needing a small bypass to keep little water running for continuous readout of temperature. 15. The system of claim 1 wherein the system can be standalone or embedded in several ways within an existing devices, e.g. embedded in the boiler itself, or embedded in the VALVE itself. 16. The system of claim 1 wherein the system incorporates a battery to store energy from the backup heater (when it's open) for two main uses: a. emergency, b. bypass need of external ac voltage. 17. The system of claim 1 further comprising auxiliary connections to the system that include optional networked communication, including but not limited, intra, internet, where the main logic can be shifted or distributed to be located in an external host and let the system listen to or to co-operate-with external commands, e.g. schedules and timers, monitoring, reporting, co-operation with other devices and appliances. 18. A method that enables an automatic controllers that connects or disconnects an individual water reservoirs, that optionally have a backup source of energy, from a common water heating source such as from a sun collectors system, that connected to a plurality of individual water reservoirs, wherein the system comprising: a. a micro controller with three main inputs and one main output. Inputs: a.1. The on/off state of the PWHS a.2. The temperature of the solar circuit's inlet a.3. The temperature of the solar circuit's outlet Wherein, the PWHS's on/off state is logical, and can be related either to the user control as in a physical on/off switch (thus using a dry contact), to the built-in thermostat state actual heating on/off (thus using a high voltage relay or an optocoupler) or to another given threshold value or state (thus using control over an A2D input). Wherein, temperatures are being sensed using thermistors fed to A2D inputs. It is also possible to set the minimum delta-T of the inlet above the outlet to be considered "higher". It is possible to replace the thermistors with fixed resistors or software to bypass temperature reading and correlate only to the PWHS state. It is possible to set software minimum temperatures for activation. In a fallback case where both thermistors indicate a value below minimum (both cold)--the valve is closed, when both indicate a value above maximum (both hot)--the valve is opened (unless the PWHS is on). When one of the thermistors is invalid (or any other total control fail)--the valve is set to a predefined state (commonly opened). Output: The output is controlling the valve's state. The valve control can be traditionally implemented using a standard 2-way actuated motorized, solenoid or other electromechanically controlled valve. For example, in case of an actuated 5 v motorized edge-auto-stopping valve using 3 wires it is simple to use two TTL outputs, one for commencing open, one for close. If monitoring of motor state is needed, electrical current or voltage from the relevant wire(s) can be fed into the controller's input. b. A Constant Minimal Solar Circuit Flow: b.1. Using a bypass pipe over the valve. The bypass pipe's passage is very narrow and allows only a miniscule amount of fluid to flow. It is also possible to have a T-pipe bypass arrangement to have one of the thermistors embedded into it. b.2. Using motorized valve, it is possible to leave the valve slightly opened (for example, by letting it shut completely then shortly open it). c. Some Power Supply Options: c.1. Using transformer from nearby power outlet c.2. Using batteries c.3. Using transformer from power input to the PHWT with rechargeable batteries c.4. Using solar panels to recharge batteries. 