A packaging system for storing and transporting one or more flat panel products, the packaging system comprising a plurality of tines, a method of machine-assisted loading a packaging system comprising a plurality of tines, and a method of storing and transporting one or more flat panel products using a packaging system comprising a plurality of tines with alternating channel depths.
Claims 1. A package for shipping one or more flat panel products, the package comprising: a pallet; a planar base forming a mounting surface on the pallet; a container frame; a plurality of combs affixed to the frame, each of the combs comprising a plurality of tines; the tines being spaced to define a plurality of channels dimensioned to accept flat panel products having a predetermined thickness; the tines being dimensioned to create spaces between adjacent channels; 2. The package of claim 1 wherein the combs are comprised of at least two layers of corrugated cardboard. 3. The package of claim 2, wherein the free ends of the tines are rounded. 4. The package of claim 2, wherein the free ends of the tines are pointed. 5. The package of claim 2, comprising a means for increasing the effective width of the channels during a machined-assisted loading of photovoltaic panels. 6. The package of claim 5, wherein the tines are deflected by a distance equal to 50% of the space between tines during the step of machine-assisted loading of the photovoltaic panels. 7. The package of claim 1, wherein the plurality of channels comprise a rounded base section that allows flat panels to be loaded at an angle with respect to an axis perpendicular to the planar base section. 8. The package of claim 7 wherein the angle with respect to an axis perpendicular to the planar base section is at least 10 degrees. 9. The package of claim 1 wherein spaces between at least one set of tines comprises: a first depth; a second depth; and wherein the spaces between tines have an alternating and repeating pattern of a first depth and a second depth; and wherein the first depth is greater than the second depth by an amount greater than or equal to a dimension of an edge mounted feature of the flat panel product. 10. The package of claim 8 wherein the first depth is between 5 and 8 centimeters and the second depth is between 10 and 16 centimeters. 11. The package of claim 8 wherein the first depth is between 3 and 11 centimeters and the second depth is between 14 and 25 centimeters 12. The package of claim 8 wherein the container frame comprises reinforced cardboard. 13. The package of claim 12, wherein the free ends of the tines are rounded. 14. The package of claim 12, wherein the free ends of the tines are pointed. 15. The package of claim 12, comprising a means for increasing the effective width of the channels during a machined-assisted loading of photovoltaic panels. 16. The package of claim 15, wherein the tines are flexible during the step of machine-assisted loading of the photovoltaic panels. 17. The package of claim 16, wherein the plurality of channels comprise a rounded base section that allows flat panels to be loaded at an angle with respect to an axis perpendicular to the planar base section. 18. The package of claim 17 wherein the angle with respect to an axis perpendicular to the planar base section is at least 10 degrees. 19. The package of claim 8 wherein the pallet comprises recycled PET. 20. A method of storing and transporting one or more flat panel products comprising machine-assisted loading of a flat panel product into a package, and wherein the package comprises: a pallet; a planar base forming a mounting surface on the pallet; a container frame; a plurality of combs fixed to the frame, each of the combs comprising a plurality of tines; the tines being spaced to define a plurality of channels dimensioned to accept flat panel products having a predetermined thickness; and wherein at least one set of tines comprises; a first depth; a second depth; and wherein the spaces between tines have an alternating and repeating pattern of a first depth and a second depth; and wherein the first depth is greater than the second depth by an amount greater than or equal to a dimension of an edge mounted feature of the flat panel product. 21. The method of claim 20 wherein the combs are comprised of at least two layers of corrugated cardboard. 22. The method of claim 20, wherein the free ends of the tines are rounded. 23. The method of claim 20, wherein the free ends of the tines are pointed. 24. The method of claim 20, comprising a means for increasing the effective width of the channels during a machined-assisted loading of photovoltaic panels. 25. The method of claim 24, wherein the tines are flexible during the step of machine-assisted loading of the photovoltaic panels. 26. The method of claim 20, wherein the plurality of channels comprise a rounded base section, the method further comprising loading flat panels at an angle with respect to an axis perpendicular to the planar base section. 27. The method of claim 26 wherein the angle with respect to an axis perpendicular to the planar base section is at least 10 degrees. 