A resource management system includes an electrical module having inputs and outputs, a water module having inputs and outputs, a gas module having inputs and outputs, a control module for monitoring on-site demand and managing operation of the electrical, water, and gas modules for converting and redistributing at least one of electric, chemical, mechanical, and heat energy to effect low operational costs, and a control bus interconnecting the electrical, water, gas, and control modules.
Claims 1. A resource management system comprising: an electrical module having inputs and outputs; a water module having inputs and outputs; a gas module having inputs and outputs; a control module for monitoring on-site demand and managing operation of the electrical, water, and gas modules for converting and redistributing at least one of electric, chemical, mechanical, and heat energy to effect low operational costs; and a control bus interconnecting the electrical, water, gas, and control modules. 2. The system according to claim 1 further comprises an electrical storage module interconnected with said control bus. 3. The system according to claim 2 wherein the electrical module, water module, gas module, control module, and electrical storage module are disposed in a single housing. 4. The system according to claim 2 further comprising a fuel cell module interconnected with said control bus and operated by said control module. 5. The system according to claim 4 wherein the modules are configured for receiving on-site solar and kinetic energy. 6. The system according to claim 4 wherein the modules are configured for receiving scavenged energy in electrical form and converting the received scavenged energy to chemical, heat, or mechanical energy. 7. The system according to claim 4 wherein the modules are configured for transforming energy into an alternate form, the transformation being selected from a group consisting of methane to hydrogen, hydrogen to electrical energy, hydrogen to heat, methane to electrical energy, and methane to heat. 8. A method for providing resource management, said method comprising: providing an electrical module having inputs and outputs; providing a water module having inputs and outputs; providing a gas module having inputs and outputs; providing a control module for monitoring on-site demand and managing operation of the electrical, water, and gas modules for converting and redistributing at least one of electric, chemical, mechanical, and heat energy to effect low operational costs; and providing a control bus interconnecting the electrical, water, gas, and control modules. 9. The method according to claim 8 further comprises providing an electrical storage module interconnected with said control bus. 10. The method according to claim 9 wherein the electrical module, water module, gas module, control module, and electrical storage module are provided in a single housing. 11. The method according to claim 9 further comprising providing a fuel cell module interconnected with said control bus and operated by said control module. 12. The method according to claim 11 further configuring the modules for receiving on-site solar and kinetic energy. 13. The method according to claim 11 further configuring the modules for receiving scavenged energy in electrical form and converting the received scavenged energy to chemical, heat, or mechanical energy. 14. The method according to claim 11 further configuring the modules for transforming energy into an alternate form, the transformation being selection from a group consisting of methane to hydrogen, hydrogen to electrical energy, hydrogen to heat, methane to electrical energy, and methane to heat. 