Methods, apparatus, and systems are provided for measuring the supply of a consumable product/energy source, such as electrical power, to a facility over time and analyzing the measurements to determine the consumption or supply of the product by one or more loads and/or sources in the facility, and to determine induced and residual heat flow through the facility's envelope. Various aspects compare the measured supply of the consumable product to a database of consumption signatures, which characterize access to the consumable product by particular users. Operating conditions and facility characteristics, such as temperatures, load factors, insulation factors, etc., may be further considered in determining a particular user's access of the consumable product. To aid in the controlling of energy use, thermal resistance factors of the building are determined, which are based on the induced and residual heat flow through the facility.
Claims 1. A method of constructing building structure comprising: assembling a first layer of the building structure; detecting thermal resistance properties of the first layer using a thermal imaging camera before a second layer of the building structure is assembled over the first layer; assembling the second layer of the building structure over the first layer; and detecting thermal resistance properties of the second layer using the thermal imaging camera. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising: receiving measurements of inside and outside environments of the building structure, and measurements of one or more measured energy sources supplied through a building structure; and determining an induced heat flow through an envelope of the building structure produced by the one or more measured energy sources, detecting the thermal resistance properties of the first and second layers based on data from the thermal imaging camera, the induced heat flow and changes between the inside and the outside environments. 3. The method of claim 1, calculating the thermal resistance properties of the first and second layers as a time function based on data captured by the thermal imaging camera over a fixed duration. 4. The method of claim 1, further comprising detecting the thermal resistance properties of the first and second layers based on measured inside and outside environments. 5. The method of claim 1, further including: determining thermal mass of the first and second layers. 6. The method of claim 1, further comprising: including within a construction contract, a requirement that the thermal resistance properties of the first and second layers meet a predetermined required thermal resistance. 7. The method of claim 6, further comprising: including within the construction contract, a requirement for determining monetary loss due to a difference between the required thermal resistance and the determined thermal resistance. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein the thermal resistance properties of the first and second layers include conduction, infiltration, and solar radiation components of heat flow. 9. The method of claim 2, further comprising: updating, periodically, the thermal resistance properties of the first and second layers, wherein the measurements of inside and outside environments and the one or more measured energy sources supplied through the building structure are monitored in real-time at a predetermined rate of sampling. 10. The method of claim 1, further comprising: monitoring one or more temperature transducers embedded between the first and second layers; and detecting the thermal resistance properties of the second layer further based on the monitoring of the one or more temperature transducers. 11. The method of claim 1, wherein the thermal resistance properties of the first and second layers include a thermal resistance factor and a thermal mass factor. 12. An apparatus comprising one or more processors and memory storing instructions, that when executed by the one or more processors, cause the apparatus to: receive thermal imaging data of a first layer of a building structure from a thermal imaging camera before a second layer of the building structure is assembled over the first layer; detect thermal resistance properties of the first layer using the thermal imaging data of the first layer; receive thermal imaging data of the second layer of the building structure from the thermal imaging camera; and detect thermal resistance properties of the second layer using the thermal imaging data of the second layer. 13. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein the instructions, when executed by the one or more processors, further cause the apparatus to: receive measurements of inside and outside environments of the building structure, and measurements of one or more measured energy sources supplied through a building structure; and determine an induced heat flow through an envelope of the building structure produced by the one or more measured energy sources, detect the thermal resistance properties of the first and second layers based on the thermal imaging data of the first and second layers, the induced heat flow, and changes between the inside and the outside environments. 14. The apparatus of claim 12 wherein the instructions, when executed by the one or more processors, further cause the apparatus to: calculate the thermal resistance properties of the first and second layers as a time function based on the thermal imaging data of the first and second layers captured by the thermal imaging camera over a fixed duration. 15. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein the instructions, when executed by the one or more processors, further cause the apparatus to: detect the thermal resistance properties of the first and second layers based on measured inside and outside environments. 16. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein the instructions, when executed by the one or more processors, further cause the apparatus to: detect thermal mass of the first and second layers. 17. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein the thermal resistance properties of the first and second layers include conduction, infiltration, and solar radiation components of heat flow. 18. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein the instructions, when executed by the one or more processors, further cause the apparatus to: update, periodically, the thermal resistance properties of the first and second layers, wherein the measurements of inside and outside environments and the one or more measured energy sources supplied through the building structure are monitored in real-time at a predetermined rate of sampling. 19. The apparatus of claim 12, further comprising: monitoring one or more temperature transducers embedded between the first and second layers; and detecting the thermal resistance properties of the second layer further based on the monitoring of the one or more temperature transducers. 20. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein the thermal resistance properties of the first and second layers include a thermal resistance factor and a thermal mass factor 