A photovoltaic assembly includes an optical element comprising a body having opposed planar major surfaces with a plurality of open-mouthed inclusions (grooves) formed on the light output surface. Each groove has a closed apex with an included apex angle. The body is formed from a material having an index of refraction of at least 1.3 and an induced absorbance rate .DELTA.Abs/Dose less than or equal to about 0.4. The optical element is attached to a photovoltaic cell using an adhesive having an index of refraction in the range from about 1.34 to 1.50. The apex angle is selected such that light incident upon the body is conveyed the light output surface by the mechanism of total internal reflection from the boundary walls of the grooves and/or without retro-reflection toward the incident surface. The thickness of the adhesive layer and the dimension of the mouth of the grooves are selected such that light incident on the surface of the photovoltaic cell is not obscured by conductor lines on the cell's surface.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic assembly comprising: a photovoltaic cell having a light incident surface and a mounting surface thereon, an array of conductive lines being disposed over the light incident surface, each conductive line having a predetermined line width substantially equal to a width dimension "g", adjacent conductive lines in the array being separated from each other by a pitch dimension "p"; an optical element, the optical element having: a body having first and second opposed, substantially planar, major surfaces thereon, the first surface defining a light incident surface, the second surface defining a light output surface, the light output surface having a plurality of grooves formed therein, each groove having a mouth opening on the light output surface, the mouth having a predetermined width dimension "b" measured in the plane of the light output surface, each groove having opposed, substantially planar boundary walls that extend into the body and terminate therewithin at a closed apex, the closed apex having an included apex angle {acute over (.alpha.)}, a layer of an adhesive material having an index of refraction n.sub.A disposed between the light output surface of the optical element and the light incident surface of the photovoltaic cell, the layer of adhesive material having an index of refraction n.sub.A and having a thickness dimension "t", the thickness dimension t being such that the adhesive layer covers substantially all of the grid lines of the array, the optical element being positioned with respect to the photovoltaic cell such that substantially all of the conductive lines on the light incident surface of the cell lie within a respective groove formed on the light output surface of the optical element, the optical element being improved in that it is operative to collect light incident upon the light incident surface thereof at an incident angle .beta. up to a maximum operating angle .beta..sub.Max measured with respect to a normal to the incident surface and to convey that light to the light output surface without retro-reflection toward the incident surface, the improved optical element being characterized in that: the body is formed from a material having an index of refraction n.sub.C of at least 1.3 and an induced absorbance rate .DELTA.Abs/Dose less than or equal to about 0.4, and wherein the index of refraction n.sub.A is in the range from about 1.34 to 1.50, and wherein the angle {acute over (.alpha.)} is defined in accordance with the relationship: .alpha. .ltoreq. .alpha. Retro = 60 .degree. - 2 3 sin - 1 ( sin .beta. Max n C ) ##EQU00013## for any maximum operating angle .beta..sub.Max within the range 1.degree.<.beta..sub.Max<90.degree.; and wherein the dimension b lies within the range g + 2 t sin .beta. Max n A 2 - sin 2 .beta. Max = b Min 0 < b < b Max = p ##EQU00014## 2. A photovoltaic assembly comprising: a photovoltaic cell having a light incident surface and a mounting surface thereon, an array of conductive lines being disposed over the light incident surface, each conductive line having a predetermined line width substantially equal to a width dimension "g", adjacent conductive lines in the array being separated from each other by a pitch dimension "p"; an optical element, the optical element having: a body having first and second opposed, substantially planar, major surfaces thereon, the first surface defining a light incident surface, the second surface defining a light output surface, the light output surface having a plurality of grooves formed therein, each groove having a mouth opening on the light output surface, the mouth having a predetermined width dimension "b" measured in the plane of the light output surface, each groove having opposed, substantially planar boundary walls that extend into the body and terminate therewithin at a closed apex, the closed apex having an included apex angle {acute over (.alpha.)}, a layer of an adhesive material having an index of refraction n.sub.A disposed between the light output surface of the optical element and the light incident surface of the photovoltaic cell, the layer of adhesive material having an index of refraction n.sub.A and having a thickness dimension "t", the thickness dimension t being such that the adhesive layer covers substantially all of the grid lines of the array, the optical element being positioned with respect to the photovoltaic cell such that substantially all of the conductive lines on the light incident surface of the cell lie within a respective groove formed on the light output surface of the optical element, the optical element being improved in that it is operative to collect light incident upon the light incident surface thereof at an incident angle .beta. up to a maximum operating angle .beta..sub.Max measured with respect to a normal to the incident surface and to convey that light to the light output surface by the mechanism of total internal reflection from the boundary walls of the grooves present within the body of the optical element, the improved optical element being characterized in that: the body is formed from a material having an index of refraction n.sub.C of at least 1.3 and an induced absorbance rate .DELTA.Abs/Dose less than or equal to about 0.4, and wherein each groove is filled with a material having an index of refraction n.sub.I at least equal to 1, and wherein the index of refraction n.sub.A of the adhesive material is in the range from about 1.34 to 1.50, and wherein the angle {acute over (.alpha.)} is defined in accordance with the relationship: .alpha. .ltoreq. .alpha. TIR = 2 cos - 1 ( sin .beta. Max n C ) - 2 sin - 1 ( n I n C ) ##EQU00015## for any maximum operating angle .beta..sub.Max chosen from the range 1 .degree. < .beta. Max < { sin - 1 n C 2 - n I 2 ( n C 2 - n I 2 .ltoreq. 1 ) 90 .degree. ( n C 2 - n I 2 > 1 ) ; ##EQU00016## and wherein the dimension b lies within the range g + 2 t sin .beta. Max n A 2 - sin 2 .beta. Max = b Min 0 < b < b Max = p ##EQU00017## 3. A photovoltaic assembly comprising: a photovoltaic cell having a light incident surface and a mounting surface thereon, an array of conductive lines being disposed over the light incident surface, each conductive line having a predetermined line width substantially equal to a width dimension "g", adjacent conductive lines in the array being separated from each other by a pitch dimension "p"; an optical element, the optical element having: a body having first and second opposed, substantially planar, major surfaces thereon, the first surface defining a light incident surface, the second surface defining a light output surface, the light output surface having a plurality of grooves formed therein, each groove having a mouth opening on the light output surface, the mouth having a predetermined width dimension "b" measured in the plane of the light output surface, each groove having opposed, substantially planar boundary walls that extend into the body and terminate therewithin at a closed apex, the closed apex having an included apex angle {acute over (.alpha.)}, a layer of an adhesive material having an index of refraction n.sub.A disposed between the light output surface of the optical element and the light incident surface of the photovoltaic cell, the layer of adhesive material having an index of refraction n.sub.A and having a thickness dimension "t", the thickness dimension t being such that the adhesive layer covers substantially all of the grid lines of the array, the optical element being positioned with respect to the photovoltaic cell such that substantially all of the conductive lines on the light incident surface of the cell lie within a respective groove formed on the light output surface of the optical element, the optical element being improved in that it is operative to collect light incident upon the light incident surface thereof at an incident angle .beta. up to a maximum operating angle .beta..sub.Max measured with respect to a normal to the incident surface and to convey that light to the light output surface without retro-reflection toward the incident surface and also by the mechanism of total internal reflection from the boundary walls of the grooves present within the body of the optical element, the improved optical element being characterized in that: the body is formed from a material having an index of refraction n.sub.C of at least 1.3 and an induced absorbance rate .DELTA.Abs/Dose less than or equal to about 0.4, and wherein each groove is filled with a material having an index of refraction n.sub.I at least equal to 1, and wherein the index of refraction n.sub.A of the adhesive material is in the range from about 1.34 to 1.50, and wherein the angle {acute over (.alpha.)} is the smaller of the angles defined in accordance with the following relationships: .alpha. < { .alpha. Retro = 60 .degree. - 2 3 sin - 1 ( sin .beta. Max n C ) .alpha. TIR = 2 cos - 1 ( sin .beta. Max n C ) - 2 sin - 1 ( n I n C ) ##EQU00018## for any maximum operating angle .beta..sub.Max chosen from the smaller of the ranges: 1 .degree. < .beta. Max < { 90 .degree. sin - 1 n C 2 - n I 2 ; ##EQU00019## and wherein the dimension b lies within the range g + 2 t sin .beta. Max n A 2 - sin 2 .beta. Max = b Min 0 < b < b Max = p ##EQU00020## 4. A photovoltaic assembly comprising: a photovoltaic cell having a light incident surface and a mounting surface thereon, an array of conductive lines being disposed over the light incident surface, each conductive line having a predetermined line width substantially equal to a width dimension "g", adjacent conductive lines in the array being separated from each other by a pitch dimension "p"; an optical element, the optical element having: a body having first and second opposed, substantially planar, major surfaces thereon, the first surface defining a light incident surface, the second surface defining a light output surface, the light output surface having a plurality of grooves formed therein, each groove having a mouth opening on the light output surface, the mouth having a predetermined width dimension "b" measured in the plane of the light output surface, each groove having opposed, substantially planar boundary walls that extend into the body and terminate therewithin at a closed apex, the closed apex having an included apex angle {acute over (.alpha.)}, a layer of an adhesive material having an index of refraction n.sub.A disposed between the light output surface of the optical element and the light incident surface of the photovoltaic cell, the layer of adhesive material having an index of refraction n.sub.A and having a thickness dimension "t", the thickness dimension t being such that the adhesive layer covers substantially all of the grid lines of the array, the optical element being positioned with respect to the photovoltaic cell such that substantially all of the conductive lines on the light incident surface of the cell lie within a respective groove formed on the light output surface of the optical element, the optical element being improved in that it is operative to collect light incident upon the light incident surface thereof at an incident angle .beta. up to a maximum operating angle .beta..sub.Max measured with respect to a normal to the incident surface and to convey that light to the light output surface without retro-reflection toward the incident surface, the improved optical element being characterized in that: the body is formed from a material having an index of refraction n.sub.C of at least 1.3 and an induced absorbance rate .DELTA.Abs/Dose less than or equal to about 0.4, and wherein the planar boundary walls of the grooves are coated with a reflective material, and wherein the angle {acute over (.alpha.)} is defined in accordance with the relationship: .alpha. .ltoreq. .alpha. Retro = 60 .degree. - 2 3 sin - 1 ( sin .beta. Max n C ) ##EQU00021## for any maximum operating angle .beta..sub.Max within the range 1.degree.<.beta..sub.Max<90.degree.; and wherein the dimension b lies within the range g + 2 t sin .beta. Max n A 2 - sin 2 .beta. Max = b Min 0 < b < b Max = p ##EQU00022## 5. The photovoltaic assembly of any of claim 1, 2, 3 or 4 wherein the dimension b is within the range: g + 2 t n C sin [ sin - 1 ( sin .beta. Max n C ) + .alpha. ] n A 2 - n C 2 sin 2 [ sin - 1 ( sin .beta. Max n C ) + .alpha. ] = b Min 1 < b < b Max = p ##EQU00023## 6. The photovoltaic assembly of any of claim 1, 2, 3 or 4 wherein the body is formed of a fluoropolymer material. 7. The photovoltaic assembly of any of claim 1, 2, 3 or 4 wherein the body is formed of a material having an induced absorbance rate .DELTA.Abs/Dose less than or equal to about 0.2. 8. The photovoltaic assembly of any of claim 1, 2, 3 or 4 wherein the body is formed of a material having an index of refraction n.sub.C in the range from about 1.33 to about 1.75, and wherein the index of refraction n.sub.A of the adhesive material is in the range from about 1.34 to 1.50. 9. The photovoltaic assembly of any of claim 1, 2, 3 or 4 further comprising: a light concentrating element supported a predetermined distance from the light incident surface of the optical element; and a heat dissipating assembly attached to the mounting surface of the photovoltaic cell, whereby the photovoltaic assembly defines a concentrating photovoltaic module. 10. The photovoltaic assembly of claim 9 further comprising: a light homogenizer element disposed between the light concentrating element and the light incident surface of the optical element; and a second layer of adhesive material for attaching the light homogenizer element to the light incident surface of the optical element. 11. The photovoltaic assembly of any of claim 1, 2, 3 or 4 further comprising: a peripheral frame; a first and a second support sheet supported by the frame, one of the support sheets being transparent, wherein the transparent support sheet being disposed adjacent to the light incident surface of the optical element and the other support sheet is disposed adjacent to the mounting surface of the photovoltaic cell, whereby the photovoltaic assembly defines a flat panel photovoltaic module. 