The conductive paste contains the following dispersed in a binder resin dissolved in a solvent: a plurality of particles comprising aluminum and/or an aluminum-containing alloy; and an oxide-comprising powder. The oxide contains vanadium with a valence no greater than 4 and a glass phase. In the method for manufacturing an electronic component, the conductive paste is applied to a substrate and fired, forming electrode wiring. The electronic component is provided with electrode wiring that has: a plurality of particles comprising aluminum and/or an aluminum-containing alloy; and an oxide affixing the particles to a substrate. The oxide contains vanadium with a valence no greater than 4. A compound layer containing vanadium and aluminum is formed on the surfaces of the particles, and the vanadium in the compound layer includes vanadium with a valence no greater than 4. This results in an electrode wiring with high reliability and water resistance.
Claims 1. An electronic component, comprising: an electrode wire containing a plurality of particles formed from aluminum (Al) and/or an alloy containing aluminum, and an oxide for fixing the particles to a substrate, wherein the oxide contains vanadium (V) with a valence of 4 or less, wherein a chemical compound layer containing vanadium and aluminum is formed on a surface of the particles, and wherein the vanadium contained in the chemical compound layer contains vanadium with a valence of 4 or less. 2. (canceled) 3. The electronic component according to claim 1, wherein the chemical compound layer contains an alloy phase containing aluminum and zero valent vanadium. 4. The electronic component according to claim 1, wherein the chemical compound layer contains at least one of Al.sub.3V, AlV.sub.3, Al.sub.0.8Sb.sub.1.0V.sub.0.2O.sub.4, AlO.sub.0.5Sb.sub.1.0V.sub.0.5O.sub.4, AlV.sub.2O.sub.4, AlVO.sub.3, VO.sub.2.AlO.sub.2.PO.sub.2, Al.sub.0.02V.sub.0.98O.sub.2, and Al.sub.0.07V.sub.1.93O.sub.4. 5. The electronic component according to claim 1, wherein the oxide contains phosphorus (P). 6. The electronic component according to claim 1, wherein the oxide contains a glass phase. 7. The electronic component according to claim 1, wherein the particles contain at least one of silver (Ag), copper (Cu), calcium (Ca), magnesium (Mg), and silicon (Si). 8. The electronic component according to claim 1, wherein specific resistance of the electrode wire is 1.times.10.sup.-4 .OMEGA.cm or lower. 9. The electronic component according to claim 1, wherein the oxide contains at least one of barium (Ba), tungsten (W), iron (Fe), manganese (Mn), antimony (Sb), bismuth (Bi), and tellurium (Te). 10. A conductive paste in which a plurality of particles formed from aluminum and/or an alloy containing aluminum and powder formed from an oxide are dispersed in a binder resin dissolved in a solvent, wherein the oxide contains a glass phase and vanadium with a valence of 4 or less. 11. The conductive paste according to claim 10, wherein the oxide contains phosphorus. 12. The conductive paste according to claim 10, wherein the oxide contains at least one of barium (Ba), tungsten (W), iron (Fe), manganese (Mn), antimony (Sb), bismuth (Bi), and tellurium (Te). 13. The conductive paste according to claim 10, wherein a transition point of the glass phase is 500.degree. C. or lower. 14. The conductive paste according to claim 10, wherein a transition point of the glass phase is 400.degree. C. or lower. 15. The conductive paste according to claim 10, wherein the powder is contained in a ratio of 0.1 to 20 weight parts with respect to 100 weight parts of the particles. 16. The electronic component according to claim 1, wherein the electronic component is any one of a display panel, a solar battery cell, and a ceramic mounting substrate. 17. A method for manufacturing an electronic component, comprising the steps of: coating a substrate with a conductive paste in which a plurality of particles formed from aluminum and/or an alloy containing aluminum, and powder formed from an oxide containing a glass phase and vanadium with a valence of 4 or less, are dispersed in a binder resin dissolved in a solvent; and forming an electrode wire by firing the coated conductive paste. 