In one aspect, the invention is directed to a kit of parts for a solar powered vent fan system for use in transporting air through a vent aperture (eg. a roof vent aperture) of a building. The kit of parts includes a motor/fan assembly, a motor/fan assembly mounting plate, a solar panel and a solar panel mounting structure. The motor/fan assembly mounting plate is configured to receive the motor/fan assembly and to substantially cover the vent aperture. The motor/fan assembly mounting plate includes a motor/fan assembly aperture to permit air to be transferred through the motor/fan assembly as a result of operation of the motor/fan assembly. The solar panel is connectable electrically to the motor/fan assembly to power the motor/fan assembly. The solar panel mounting structure is for mounting the solar panel in a suitable position to receive solar energy.
Claims 1. A kit of parts for a solar powered attic vent fan system for use in transporting air through a vent aperture of a building, comprising: a motor/fan assembly; a motor/fan assembly mounting plate configured to receive the motor/fan assembly and to substantially cover the vent aperture, wherein the motor/fan assembly mounting plate includes a motor/fan assembly aperture to permit air to be transferred through the motor/fan assembly as a result of operation of the motor/fan assembly; a solar panel that is connectable electrically to the motor/fan assembly to power the motor/fan assembly; and a solar panel mounting structure for mounting the solar panel to receive solar energy. 2. A kit of parts as claimed in claim 1, wherein the motor/fan assembly mounting plate extends beyond the edge of the vent aperture. 3. A kit of parts as claimed in claim 1, wherein the motor/fan assembly has a peripheral flange, and wherein the motor/fan assembly mounting plate includes at least one first clip that captures the peripheral flange of the motor/fan assembly and at least one second clip that is resiliently deflectable from a rest position wherein the at least one second clip is positioned to capture the peripheral flange, to a deflected position to permit the peripheral flange to move therepast, and wherein the mounting plate includes an anti-rotation wall that abuts the motor/fan assembly to prevent rotation thereof during use, wherein the at least one first clip, the at least one second clip and the anti-rotation wall cooperate to permit the motor/fan assembly to be inserted into the mounting plate for capture therein without tools. 4. A kit of parts as claimed in claim 1, wherein the mounting plate is made from a polymeric material and has at least one score thereon to permit a user to remove a peripheral portion of the mounting plate so as to reduce the size of the mounting plate. 5. A kit of parts as claimed in claim 1, wherein the mounting plate is made from a polymeric material and has a peripheral edge, and has a score thereon that extends about the entire periphery of the mounting plate at a selected, generally constant distance from the peripheral edge of the mounting plate to permit a user to cut the mounting plate along the score to remove a peripheral portion of the mounting plate so as to reduce the size of the mounting plate. 6. A kit of parts as claimed in claim 1, wherein the mounting plate has a leading edge that is V-shaped to facilitate insertion under a passive vent member configured to cover the vent aperture. 7. A kit of parts as claimed in claim 1, wherein the solar panel mounting structure includes a bracket that is mountable to a roof of the building, and at least first and second arms that are mountable between the bracket and the solar panel to hold the solar panel in at least two angular positions. 8. A kit of parts as claimed in claim 7, wherein the bracket has a first apertured section for connecting with a first end of the first arm and a second apertured section for connection with a first end of the second arm, and wherein the solar panel has a third apertured section for connecting with a second end of the first arm and a fourth apertured section for connecting with a second end of the second arm, wherein at least one of the first, second, third and fourth apertured sections includes a plurality of arm mounting apertures for connecting with one of the ends of one of the first and second arms, and the remaining apertured sections each have at least one arm mounting aperture for connecting with the remaining ends of the first and second arms, wherein the angle of the solar panel is at least partially determined by which of the plurality of arm mounting apertures is used for connecting with the said one of the ends of one of the first and second arms. 9. A kit of parts as claimed in claim 8, wherein at least one of the first and second apertured sections includes a plurality of apertures and at least one of the third and fourth apertured sections includes a plurality of apertures. 10. A kit of parts as claimed in claim 8, wherein any arm mounting apertures in the first, second, third and fourth apertured sections are alignable with an end aperture in each end of the first and second arms for the pass-through of a mechanical fastener. 11. A solar powered attic vent fan system for use in transporting air through a vent aperture of a building, comprising: a motor/fan assembly; a motor/fan assembly mounting plate, wherein the motor/fan assembly is mounted to the motor/fan assembly mounting plate and substantially covers the vent aperture, wherein the motor/fan assembly mounting plate includes a motor/fan assembly aperture to permit air to be transferred through the motor/fan assembly as a result of operation of the motor/fan assembly, wherein, aside from the motor/fan assembly aperture, the motor/fan assembly mounting plate and motor/fan assembly together substantially cover the entire vent aperture; a solar panel that is connected electrically to the motor/fan assembly to power the motor/fan assembly; and a solar panel mounting structure for mounting the solar panel to receive solar energy. 12. A kit of parts for a solar powered attic vent fan system for use in transporting air through a vent aperture of a building, comprising: a motor/fan assembly having a peripheral flange; a motor/fan assembly mounting plate, configured to receive the motor/fan assembly and to substantially cover the vent aperture, wherein the motor/fan assembly mounting plate includes a motor/fan assembly aperture to permit air to be transferred through the motor/fan assembly as a result of operation of the motor/fan assembly, wherein the motor/fan assembly mounting plate substantially covers the entire vent aperture, wherein the motor/fan assembly mounting plate includes at least one first clip that captures the peripheral flange of the motor/fan assembly and at least one second clip that is resiliently deflectable from a rest position wherein the at least one second clip is positioned to capture the peripheral flange, to a deflected position to permit the peripheral flange to move therepast, and wherein the motor/fan assembly mounting plate includes an anti-rotation wall that abuts the motor/fan assembly to prevent rotation thereof during use, wherein the at least one first clip, the at least one second clip and the anti-rotation wall cooperate to permit the motor/fan assembly to be inserted into the mounting plate for capture therein without tools; a solar panel that is connectable electrically to the motor/fan assembly to power the motor/fan assembly; and a solar panel mounting structure for mounting the solar panel to receive solar energy. 13. A kit of parts as claimed in claim 12, wherein the solar panel mounting structure includes a bracket that is mountable to a roof of the building, and at least first and second arms that are mountable between the bracket and the solar panel to hold the solar panel in at least two angular positions. 14. A kit of parts as claimed in claim 13, wherein the bracket has a first apertured section for connecting with a first end of the first arm and a second apertured section for connection with a first end of the second arm, and wherein the solar panel has a third apertured section for connecting with a second end of the first arm and a fourth apertured section for connecting with a second end of the second arm, wherein at least one of the first, second, third and fourth apertured sections includes a plurality of arm mounting apertures for connecting with one of the ends of one of the first and second arms, and the remaining apertured sections each have at least one arm mounting aperture for connecting with the remaining ends of the first and second arms, wherein the angle of the solar panel is at least partially determined by which of the plurality of arm mounting apertures is used for connecting with the said one of the ends of one of the first and second arms. 15. A kit of parts as claimed in claim 14, wherein at least one of the first and second apertured sections includes a plurality of apertures and at least one of the third and fourth apertured sections includes a plurality of apertures. 16. A kit of parts as claimed in claim 14, wherein any arm mounting apertures in the first, second, third and fourth apertured sections are alignable with an end aperture in each end of the first and second arms for the pass-through of a mechanical fastener. 