A mobile power system includes a plurality of energy sources including a solar powered generating source and a plurality of electronic and telecommunications components configured to receive the power generated by the plurality of energy sources and convert the power generated to direct current power. The system also includes a plurality of batteries configured to store the direct current power and a main distribution panel including one or more short circuit ground fault protection devices configured to isolate a short circuit ground fault in less than approximately two hundred milliseconds. The system also includes one or more transportable housings configured to hold the plurality of energy sources, the plurality of electronic and telecommunications, the main distribution panel and the plurality of batteries during transport of the housing.
Claims 1. A mobile power system, comprising: a plurality of energy sources, wherein at least one energy source is a solar powered generating device; a plurality of electronic and telecommunications components configured to receive the power generated by the plurality of energy sources and/or convert the power generated to direct current power; a main distribution panel including one or more short circuit ground fault protection devices configured to isolate a short circuit ground fault in less than approximately two hundred milliseconds; a plurality of batteries configured to store the direct current power; and one or more transportable housings configured to hold the plurality of energy sources, the plurality of electronic and telecommunications, and the plurality of batteries during transport of the housing, and wherein the at least one solar powered energy device is configured for remote disposition from the housing when the mobile power system is in operation. 2. The mobile power system of claim 1, wherein the one or more transportable housings comprise a first end, a second end opposite the first end, a top wall, a first side wall, a second side wall opposite the first side wall, a bottom wall, and at least one opening disposed in the first end, the second end, the first side wall, the second side wall, the top wall, or a combination comprising at least one of the foregoing. 3. The mobile power system of claim 1, wherein at least one of the one or more transportable housings comprises a first section disposed in a rearmost portion of the housing opposite the at least one opening, wherein the first section is configured to be a control room for housing at least one of the plurality of electronic and telecommunications components. 4. The mobile power system of claim 3, wherein the control room further comprises a cooling unit disposed in an end or wall of the housing at the rearmost portion, wherein the cooling unit is configured to control a temperature and humidity in the control room. 5. The mobile power system of claim 2, wherein at least one of the one or more transportable housings further comprises a bulkhead wall disposed in the at least one opening of the first end, wherein the bulkhead wall is configured to provide lockable access to an interior of the transportable housing. 6. The mobile power system of claim 5, wherein the bulkhead wall further comprises an opening configured to receive a cooling unit. 7. The mobile power system of claim 5, wherein the bulkhead wall further comprises a control panel accessible from the exterior of the housing, wherein the control panel provides input and output connections for the plurality of energy sources. 8. The mobile power system of claim 1, wherein the one or more short circuit ground fault protection devices include a current transformer connected to a neutral output of both phases of an AC grid output of the energy sources. 9. A mobile power system, comprising: a plurality of energy sources; a plurality of electronic and telecommunications components configured to convert power generated by the plurality of energy sources to direct current (DC) power, wherein the plurality of electronic and telecommunications components condition the DC power and direct the conditioned DC power to a Public Switch Telephony Network (PSTN); a main distribution panel including one or more short circuit ground fault protection devices configured to isolate a short circuit ground fault in less than approximately two hundred milliseconds; and at least one transportable housing configured to hold the plurality of energy sources and the plurality of electronic and telecommunications components during transport of the one or more housings. 10. The mobile power system of claim 9, wherein the at least one transportable housing comprises a first end, a second end opposite the first end, a top wall, a first side wall, a second side wall opposite the first side wall, a bottom wall, and at least one opening disposed in the first end, the second end, the first side wall, the second side wall, the top wall, or a combination comprising at least one of the foregoing. 11. The mobile power system of claim 10, wherein at least one of the one or more transportable housings comprises a first section disposed in a rearmost portion of the housing opposite the at least one opening, wherein the first section is configured to be a control room for housing at least one of the plurality of electronic and telecommunications components. 12. The mobile power system of claims 11, further comprising an agnostic communications terminal in communication with at least one of the plurality of energy sources, the agnostic communications terminal being disposed to communicate monitoring statistics associated with the mobile power system over a plurality of communications mediums. 13. The mobile power system of claim 9, wherein the one or more short circuit ground fault protection devices include a current transformer connected to a neutral output of both phases of an AC grid output of the energy sources. 14. The mobile power system of claim 9, wherein the plurality of energy sources includes at least one of a solar powered generating device, a wind powered generating device, a hydrogen fuel cell powered generating device, and a bio-diesel powered generating device. 15. The mobile power system of claim 9, wherein the conditioned DC power is highly conditioned DC power within five percent total harmonic distortion. 16. The mobile power system of claim 9, wherein the conditioned DC power is directed to the PSTN over a forty-eight volt DC bus. 17. The mobile power system of claim 9, wherein the conditioned DC power is directed to the PSTN over a wide bus. 18. The mobile power system of claim 17, wherein the wide bus includes a forty-eight volt DC medium and a twelve volt DC medium. 19. The mobile power system of claim 17, wherein the wide bus includes a range of mediums disposed to provide DC power at a plurality of DC voltages. 20. The mobile power system of claim 19, wherein the range of mediums is a range from about twelve volts DC to forty-eight volts DC. 