The present invention relates to systems and related methods of water purification by distillation that will operate in a self-contained mode using a passive heat source, such as, without limitation, solar heat, air conditioning waste heat, or waste heat from the exhaust or cooling systems of an internal combustion engine, which may be used to desalinate sea water, saline water, or saline water containing contaminants. The present invention may also be used to distil sewage water, creek water, swamp water or water containing contaminants or used to cleanse or purify water contaminated with mud, chemicals, minerals, or bacteria in a local environment.
Claims 1. A water purification system comprising: an upside down U-tube vessel; a vent valve connected to the upside down U-tube vessel at the top of the upside down U-tube vessel; a water storage tank; a heater attached to a first column of the upside down U-tube vessel; a water exit line that is connected to a second column of the upside down U-tube vessel at the bottom of the second column of the upside down U-tube vessel; wherein a partial vacuum is generated at the U-tube vessel by keeping the U-tube at the height that is higher than a height at which atmospheric pressure can support the water to be purified; wherein a water inlet is connected to the first column of the upside down U-tube vessel at the point that is higher than the water level within the first column of the upside down U-tube vessel to supply water to be purified to the first column by using the partial vacuum created in the U-tube vessel. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein the water exit line is inserted into the second column of the upside down U-tube vessel such that the top of the water exit line is below the water level in the second column of the upside down U-tube vessel. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein a heater is attached to the second column of the upside down U-tube vessel. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein a cooler is attached to the second column of the upside down U-tube vessel. 5. The system of claim 1 wherein the first column of the upside down U-tube vessel has larger diameter than the second column of the upside down U-tube vessel for increasing the surface of the first column of the upside down U-tube vessel. 6. The system of claim 1 wherein a heat insulator is inserted between the first column of the upside down U-tube vessel and the second column of the upside down U-tube vessel for preventing heat absorption by the second column of the upside down U-tube vessel from the first column of the upside down U-tube vessel. 7. The system of claim 5 wherein the water storage tank comprises metal fins for cooling the water before entering into the water inlet line. 8. The system of claim 1 wherein the heater is designed to capture waste heat or solar heat then transfer that heat to the first column of the upside down U-tube vessel. 9. The system of claim 1 wherein the heater comprises a heat pipe. 10. The system of claim 9 wherein the heat pipe transmits one kilowatt of energy for a water vapor moving with velocity of 2.5 m/s at a temperature of 100 celcius in a 20 mm diameter pipe. 11. The system of claim 1 wherein the heater is a heat sheet. 12. The heat sheet of claim 11 wherein the heat sheet comprises a sheet steel. 13. The heat sheet of claim 12 wherein the waterway is at the top of the heat sheet. 14. The heat sheet of claim 11 wherein the heat sheet is positioned below the point where the heater attaches to the first column of the upside down U-tube vessel. 15. The heat sheet of claim 11 wherein the heat sheet is positioned to gather heat from the sun and transfer that heat to the water in the first column of the upside down U-tube vessel. 16. The system of claim 1 wherein the heater uses waste heat from an air conditioner, or waste heat from a combustion engine. 17. The system of claim 1 wherein the heater selected from a group consisting of a solar panel, and a generator. 18. The system of claim 4 wherein the cooler is selected from a group consisting of a heat pipe, and a heat sheet. 19. The system of claim 4 wherein the cooler is configured for heating up the working liquid in the cooler by the water vapor and then cooling the working liquid in the cooler by the atmosphere. 20. The system of claim 4 wherein the cooler configured for transferring twice as much heat as the heater. 21. A water purification system comprising: an evaporating chamber; a condensing chamber; a pipe for connecting the evaporating chamber to the condensing chamber; a source water inlet line; a vent valve connected to the top part of the evaporating chamber; a water exit line that is attached to the bottom of the condensing chamber; a heater attached to the evaporating chamber; wherein a partial vacuum is generated within the evaporating chamber by keeping the evaporating chamber at the height that is higher than height at which atmospheric pressure can support the water to be purified; wherein the source water inlet line is connected to the evaporator at a point that is above the water line in the evaporating chamber; wherein liquid is transferred within the system by using the partial vacuum created within the evaporating chamber. 22. The system of claim 21 wherein a heater is attached to the condensing chamber. 23. The system of claim 21 wherein a cooler is attached to the condensing chamber. 24. The system of claim 23 wherein the evaporating chamber is larger than the condensing chamber. 25. A method for generating a partial vacuum within a water purification system including an upside down U-tube with a first column and a second column, a heater for heating the first column, a cooler for cooling the second column, a source water inlet line which is connected to the first column of the upside down U-tube vessel at the point that is higher than the water level within the first column of the upside down U-tube vessel, a water discharge line, a vent valve, the method for generating partial vacuum within the water purification system comprising the steps of: opening the vent valve; sinking an upside down U-tube vessel into a water source until it submerges into the water; closing the vent valve after the U-tube vessel is completely submerged into the water; raising the upside down U-tube vessel higher than 10 meters such that the water level remains at maximum level while a vacuum is created above it; and filling water into one end of the upside down U-tube vessel wherein the pumped water temperature and the water temperature in the U-tube vessel are the same. 26. A method for generating a partial vacuum within a water purification system including an upside down U-tube with a first column and a second column, a heater for heating the first column, a cooler for cooling the second column, a source water inlet line which is connected to the first column of the upside down U-tube vessel at the point that is higher than the water level within the first column of the upside down U-tube vessel, a water discharge line, a vent valve, the method for generating partial vacuum within the water purification system comprising the steps of: opening the vent valve; sinking an upside down U-tube vessel into a water source until it submerges into the water; closing the vent valve after the U-tube vessel is completely submerged into the water; raising the upside down U-tube vessel higher than 10 meters such that the water level remains at maximum level while a vacuum is created above it; pumping water out of U-tube vessel. 27. A water purification system comprising: means for converting sea water into a steam and brine; means for coverting the steam into distilled water; means for increasing the sea water temperature before the sea water is converted to steam and brine; and means for increasing the evaporation rate in the water purification system. 28. A water purification system comprising: a sea water container for holding sea water; an evaporating chamber that is connected to the sea water container; means for sprinkling sea water into the evaporating chamber; a condensing chamber connected to the output of the evaporating chamber wherein steam generated in the evaporating chamber flows into the condensing chamber; means for condensing the steam in condensing unit; a first heat exchanger wherein distilled water from the evaporating chamber flows through inside the first heat exchanger while the sea water encircles the first heat exchanger; a distilled water pump for circulating the distilled water; a brine pipe connected a fourth heat exchanger; a brine discharge valve at the end of the brine pipe; and a distilled water valve for filling up water into the evaporating chamber during the vacuum generation process. 29. The water prufication system of claim 28 further comprising: a second heat exchanger connected to the output of the first heat exchanger and enciscled by the sea water wherein the distilled water from the condensing chamber is pumped through the first heat exchanger to the second heat exchanger. 30. The water prufication system of claim 29 further comprising means for allowing air and gasses to be discharged to the atmosphere from the evaporating chamber. 31. The water prufication system of claim 30 further comprising a fourth heat exchanger wherein the sea water encircles the fourth heat exchanger while brine discharge from the evaporating chamber flows inside the fourth heat exchanger for preheating the sea water before it enters into the evaporating chamber. 32. The water prufication system of claim 31 further comprising a heat insulator wherein the heat insulator encirles the evaporating chamber, the first heat exchanger and a pipe that is connected to the plurality of sprinklers. 33. The water prufication system of claim 32 further comprising openings on the heat insulator that encircles the fourth heat exchanger wherein sea water flows into the fourth heat exchanger and out of the fourth heat exchanger through the openings. 34. The water prufication system of claim 33 further comprising plurality of openings on the heat insulator around the first heat exchanger wherein sea water flows into the first heat exchanger and out of the first heat exchanger through the openings. 35. The water prufication system of claim 34 further comprising a brine pipe for carrying the brine to the sea; and a brine discharge valve connected to the end of the brine pipe. 36. The heat exchanger of claim 35 where in a heat blocking material is used for blocking heat penetrating from one side of the heat exchanger to another side of the heat exchanger. 37. A method of establishing vacuum in the water purification system of claim 36 the method comprising the steps of: closing the brine discharge valve; opening the distilled water valve for filling the vacuum chamber with distilled water; opening the discharge valve for discharging air and gas to the atmosphere; filling the vacuum chamber completely with water; and closing the distilled water valve once the vacuum chamber is completely filled with water. 38. The method of claim 37 further comprising the steps of: opening the discharge valve; monitoring the water and brine levels drop to atmospheric heights therefore assuring that vacuum is created in the evaporating chamber. 39. The method of claim 38 further comprising the steps of: repeating the method of establishing vacuum if the vacuum in the evaporating chamber is not established. 