A photoluminescence measurement system can include an optical source.
Claims 1. A photoluminescence measurement tool comprising: a first optical source for generating a first optical radiation to illuminate a first semiconductor material of a substrate, wherein the first semiconductor material is excited by the first optical radiation and emits a first luminescent radiation; and a first sensor, wherein the first luminescent radiation radiates from the first semiconductor material of the substrate to the first sensor. 2. The tool of claim 1 further comprising a first lens optically connected to the first sensor, wherein the first luminescent radiation radiates from the semiconductor material of the substrate through the first lens to the first sensor. 3. The tool of claim 1 further comprising a second optical source for generating a second optical radiation to illuminate a second semiconductor material of the substrate, wherein the second semiconductor material is excited by the second optical radiation and emits a second luminescent radiation; and a second sensor, wherein the second luminescent radiation radiates from the second semiconductor material of the substrate to the second sensor. 4. The tool of claim 1 further comprising a second lens optically connected to the second sensor, wherein the second luminescent radiation radiates from the second semiconductor material of the substrate through the second lens to the second sensor. 5. The tool of claim 3, further comprising an analyzing module for analyzing the energy and intensity of the first and second luminescent radiations to obtain the information on the electrical states of the first and second semiconductor materials. 6. The tool of any one of claims 3-5, wherein the first and second optical sources are capable to generate an optical radiation of a plurality of wavelengths and the wavelengths of the first and second optical radiations are chosen based on the band gaps of the semiconductor materials. 7. The tool of any one of claims 3-6, wherein the first and second sensors are capable to measure an optical radiation of a plurality of wavelengths generated by the optical sources. 8. The tool of any one of the preceding claims, wherein the tool can illuminate different sample locations of the semiconductor material to obtain spatial measurements of electrical performance, uniformity, and predictions of device performance stability. 9. The tool of any one of the preceding claims, further comprising at least one filter, wherein the filter reduces the variance of the wavelength distribution of the optical radiation from the optical source. 10. The tool of any one of the preceding claims, further comprising a first optical system, wherein the first optical system transforms the first and second optical radiations from the first and second optical sources to collimated or focused beams of photons and reduces the variance of the wavelength distribution of the first and second optical radiations from the first and second optical sources. 11. The tool of claim 10, wherein the first optical system comprises at least one plano-convex lens and a band pass filter. 12. The tool of claim 11, wherein the band pass filter is positioned between the first optical source and the first optical system. 13. The tool of any one of claims 10-12, further comprising a second optical system, wherein the second optical system transforms the first and second luminescent radiations from the semiconductor materials of the substrate to focused beams of photons focusing on the first and second sensors. 14. The tool of claim 13, wherein the second optical system comprises a filter selected from a group consisting of long pass filter, short pass filter, band pass filter and any combination of these filters, the combination of these filters allowing only a specific region of the wavelength distribution of the luminescent radiations from the semiconductor materials of the substrate to be detected by the first and second sensors. 15. The tool of any one of claims 10-15, wherein at least one of the first optical system and the second optical system comprises a dichroic mirror, wherein the dichroic mirror is oriented at an angle to reflect light from the first or second optical source along a path substantially perpendicular to a substrate position wherein a substrate comprising a semiconductor coating can be positioned. 16. The tool of claim 15, wherein the dichroic mirror is transmissive to photoluminescent radiation reemitted from a semiconductor material on a substrate at the substrate position to allow the photoluminescent radiation to be detected by the first or second sensors. 17. The tool of any one of the preceding claims, wherein the semiconductor materials of the substrate comprise a bilayer of semiconductor material. 18. The tool of any one of the preceding claims, wherein at least one optical source comprises a laser diode. 19. The tool of any one of the preceding claims, wherein at least one optical source comprises a light-emitting diode. 20. The tool of any one of the preceding claims, wherein the substrate is transported on a conveyor. 21. The tool of claim 20, further comprising an encoder for tracking of conveyor movement and positioning on the substrate. 22. The tool of one any of the preceding claims, wherein the sensors comprise a photodiode. 23. The tool of any one of the preceding claims, wherein at least one sensor comprises a photomultiplier tube. 24. An in-line method of real-time measuring photoluminescence of semiconductor material comprising: transporting a substrate to a measure position by a conveyor; generating a first optical radiation of a first wavelength to illuminate a first sample area of a multi-layer semiconductor material of the substrate by an optical source, wherein a first semiconductor layer is excited by the first optical radiation and emits a first luminescent radiation; measuring the first luminescent radiation by a sensor; and analyzing the energy and intensity of the first luminescent radiation to obtain the information on the electrical state of the first semiconductor layer. 25. The method of claim 24 further comprising: generating a second optical radiation of a second wavelength to illuminate the first sample area of the multi-layer semiconductor material of the substrate by the optical source, wherein a second semiconductor layer is excited by the second optical radiation and emits a second luminescent radiation; measuring the second luminescent radiation by the sensor; and analyzing the energy and intensity of the second luminescent radiation to obtain the information on the electrical state of the second semiconductor layer. 26. The method of any one of claims 24-25, wherein the wavelengths of the first and second optical radiations are chosen based on the band gaps of the semiconductor layers. 27. The method of any one of claims 24-26, further comprising reducing variance of the wavelength distribution of the optical radiation from the optical source. 28. The method of any one of claims 24-27, further comprising transforming the optical radiation from the optical source to a focused or collimated beam of photons by a first optical system. 29. The method of claim 28, wherein the first optical system comprises at least one plano-convex lens and a band pass filter. 30. The method of claim 24 further comprising transforming the luminescent radiation from the semiconductor material of the substrate to a focused beam of photons focusing on the sensor by a second optical system. 31. The method of claim 30, wherein the second optical system comprises a filter selected from a group consisting of long pass filter, short pass filter, band pass filter and any combination of these filters, the combination of these filters allowing only a specific region of the wavelength distribution of the luminescent radiation from the semiconductor material of the substrate to be detected by the sensor. 32. The method of claim 24, further comprising directing the optical radiation from the optical source to the semiconductor material of the substrate and directing the luminescent radiation from the semiconductor material of the substrate to the sensor by at least one optical mirror. 33. A photoluminescence measurement system for monitoring and controlling a photovoltaic module manufacturing process comprising: at least one optical source for generating at least one optical radiation to illuminate at least one semiconductor material of a substrate, wherein the semiconductor material is excited by the optical radiation and emits at least one luminescent radiation; at least one sensor, wherein the luminescent radiation radiates from the semiconductor material of the substrate to the sensor; and an analyzing module for analyzing the energy and intensity of the luminescent radiation to obtain the information on the electrical states of the semiconductor material. 34. The photoluminescence measurement system of claim 33, wherein the substrate is transported on a conveyor. 35. The photoluminescence measurement system of claim 33, wherein the system is configured to measure the semiconductor material when the substrate is in motion. 36. The photoluminescence measurement system of claim 33 further comprising a feed-back control loop, wherein the system adjusts the photovoltaic module manufacturing process when the process is deviating and causing the production of non conforming module. 37. The photoluminescence measurement system of claim 33 further comprising a decoding module for tracking conveyor movement and assigning each measured photoluminescent signal to a specific location on the substrate. 