A clothes drying device is provided that has an elongated support member, and a rack. The rack includes a plurality of arm members that are operative to extend outwardly from the support member in radial directions to support a plurality of clothes lines in spaced apart relation around the support member. The support member may include an upper portion in which a motor is mounted in operative connection with a shaft of a lower portion of the support member. The support member may also include a solar panel mounted thereto. The motor is operative responsive to electrical power generated by the solar panel to cause the rack, solar panel and upper portion of the support member to rotate with respect to the shaft of the lower portion of the support member.
Claims 1. A clothes drying device comprising: an elongated support member, wherein the elongated support member includes an upper portion and a lower portion, wherein the lower portion includes a shaft that extends into the upper portion; a rack in operative connection with the upper portion of the support member, wherein the rack includes a plurality of arm members and a plurality of clothes lines in operatively supported connection with the arm members, wherein the arm members are operative to extend outwardly from the support member in radial directions such that the clothes lines extend in spaced apart relation around the support member; a motor mounted within the upper portion of the support member and in operative connection with the shaft; a solar panel adapted to mount to the upper portion of the support member, wherein the motor is operative responsive to electrical power generated by the solar panel to cause the rack, solar panel, and upper portion of the support member to rotate with respect to the shaft of the lower portion of the support member. 2. The method according to claim 1, wherein the rack includes: a head member in operative connection with the upper portion of the support member; and a collar member in surrounding relation around the upper portion of the support member, wherein the collar member is operative to slide along the support member between a first lower position and a second higher position that is relatively closer to the head member; wherein the arm members are pivotally connected to the collar member, wherein the rack includes a plurality of strut members pivotally connected to the head member, wherein each strut member is pivotally connected to a respective one of the plurality of arm members, wherein the clothes lines are flexible; wherein when the collar member is in the first lower position, the rack is in a compacted closed position with the clothes lines, the arm members, and the strut members adjacent the support member, wherein when the collar member is in the second upper position, the rack is in an expanded open position in which the arm members and strut members extend outwardly from the support member in radial directions and the clothes lines extends in spaced apart relation in operatively supported connection with the arm members. 3. The device according to claim 2, wherein the head member is in surrounding relation around the upper portion of the support member, wherein the head member is operative to slide along the support member between a third lower position and a fourth higher position. 4. The device according to claim 1, wherein the lower portion of the support member includes an upwardly facing surface from which the shaft extends in an axial direction therefrom, wherein the upwardly facing surface has an outer diameter that is larger than the diameter of the shaft. 5. The device according to claim 4, wherein the lower portion of the support member includes an internally threaded bore, further comprising an connection member, wherein the connection member includes a threaded end, wherein the threaded bore of the lower portion of the support member is adapted to receive the threaded end of the connection member in cooperatively threaded connection, further comprising an extension member, wherein the connection member includes a further end adapted to slide into the extension member. 6. The device according to claim 4, wherein the motor includes a spindle, wherein the upper portion of the support member includes a lower end with an opening therethrough, wherein the shaft extends through the opening and into operative engagement with the spindle of the motor. 7. The device according to claim 6, wherein the lower end of the upper portion of the support member includes a downwardly facing surface that is spaced apart from the the upwardly facing surface. 8. The device according to claim 7, further comprising a motor connection tube extending within the upper portion of the support member, wherein the motor connection tube includes two spaced apart ball bearing sets therein, with a bearing limit tube therein which maintains the ball bearing sets in spaced apart relation, wherein the shaft extends through the ball bearing sets. 9. The device according to claim 6, wherein the shaft includes a slotted end, wherein the spindle of the motor extends into the slot of the shaft such that rotational movement of the spindle by the motor causes the shaft to rotate. 10. The device according to claim 9, further comprising a nut in threaded connection with the slotted end of the shaft, wherein the nut is operative to prevent the ball bearing sets from sliding off of the shaft. 11. The device according to claim 1, wherein the motor is a DC gear motor, wherein the solar panel is operative responsive to sunlight to generate an amount of electrical power sufficient to cause the motor to rotate the rack relative the lower portion of the support member at a rotational rate of between 2 and 5 rpm. 12. The device according to claim 1, wherein the upper portion of the support member includes an apex, further comprising a bracket adapted to mount the solar panel to the apex such that the solar panel extends above the rack when the rack is in the open position. 13. The device according to claim 1, wherein the upper portion of the support member includes a switch that is operative to selectively open and close an electrical circuit that provides electrical power generated by the solar panel to the motor. 14. A method comprising: a) operatively connecting a solar panel to an upper portion of an elongated support member, wherein the support member includes a lower portion and a rack in operative connection with the upper portion of the support member, wherein the rack includes a plurality of arm members and a plurality of lines in operatively supported connection with the arm members, wherein the arm members are operative to extend outwardly from the support member in radial directions such that the clothes lines extend in spaced apart relation around the support member, wherein the upper portion of the support member includes a motor mounted therein, wherein a shaft extends downwardly from the motor to the lower portion of the support member; b) through operation of the motor responsive to electrical power generated by the solar panel, causing the rack and upper portion of the support member to rotate with respect to the shaft and the lower portion of the support member. 15. The method according to claim 14, wherein the clothes lines are flexible, further comprising: c) prior to (b) moving the rack from a compacted closed position with the clothes lines and the arm members adjacent the support member to an expanded open position in which the arm members extend outwardly from the support member in radial directions and the clothes lines extend in spaced apart relation in operatively supported connection with the arm members. 16. The method according to claim 15, further comprising: d) prior to (b), engaging a switch to close a circuit that provides electrical power generated by the solar panel to the motor. 17. The method according to claim 16, further comprising: e) prior to (d) mounting the lower portion of the support member into operative connection with an elongated base member; f) rigidly mounting the base member to at least one of the ground and a stand device. 