A method for manufacture of a photovoltaic module is provided, the method comprising providing one or more photovoltaic (PV) cells, each being configured to convert incident light into electrical energy, providing a printed circuit board (PCB) configured to electrically connect the PV cells to each other, disposing the PV cells on the PCB, providing a solder paste between the electrically conductive portions of the PV cells and PCB, and heating the PV cells and PCB to a temperature sufficient to melt the solder paste, thereby soldering the PV cells to the PCB.
Claims 1-62. (canceled) 63. A method for manufacture of a photovoltaic module, the method comprising: (a) providing one or more photovoltaic (PV) cells, each being configured to convert incident light into electrical energy; (b) providing a printed circuit board (PCB) configured to electrically connect said PV cells to each another; (c) disposing said PV cells on the PCB; (d) providing a solder paste between said electrically conductive portions of the PV cells and PCB; and (e) heating the PV cells and PCB to a temperature sufficient to melt the solder paste, thereby soldering the PV cells to the PCB. 64. A method according to claim 63, wherein the method constituting part of an automated surface mount technology. 65. A method according to claim 64, wherein said PCB comprises a pair of through-going apertures adjacent one another, giving rise to one or more cell-carrying portions therebetween, and wherein said disposing comprises disposing at least some of said PV cells on at least one of said cell-carrying portions such that end portions of the PV cell are disposed over said through-going apertures. 66. A method according to claim 63, further comprising mounting, prior to said heating, the PV cells to the PCB using an adhesive having sufficient strength to maintain the PV cells on the PCB when the PV cells undergo thermally-induced deformation, due to the heat associated with the soldering, tending to detach them from the PCB. 67. A method according to claim 63, wherein each of the cells comprises, on a first, PCB-facing face thereof, a lower contact pad, and, on a second face opposite the first face, an upper contact pad, said contact pads being electrically connected to an electrically conductive layer of the PCB. 68. A method according to claim 67, wherein said upper contact pad is electrically connected to the PCB via a connection member configured to maintain a mechanical connection to the PV cell and PCB during thermal expansion thereof. 69. A method according to claim 63, wherein said PV cells comprise two or more fiducial markers configured for facilitating automated placement of the cell on the PCB during manufacture of the module. 70. A method according to claim 63, wherein said PCB is configured to connect said PV cells in a total cross-tie topology. 71. A method for manufacture of a photovoltaic array, the method comprising: a. providing a plurality of photovoltaic modules, each manufactured according to according to claim 63; b. providing one or more support members carrying said modules, said support members being constituted by PCBs and being configured to electrically connect said modules; and c. mechanically mounting and electrically connecting said photovoltaic arrays to said support member. 72. A method according to claim 71, wherein each of said modules comprises one or more connectors, and each of said support members comprising notches configured to receive said connectors. 73. A method according to claim 72, wherein each of said support members comprises a connection point to an electrically conductive layer thereof adjacent each of said notches, being disposed to contact a corresponding electrically conductive portion of the connector. 74. A photovoltaic module comprising one or more photovoltaic (PV) cells, each being configured to convert incident light into electrical energy, soldered to a printed circuit board (PCB) configured to electrically connect said PV cells to each other, wherein said PV cells and PCB are so configured and connected such that the module can withstand heating to a temperature sufficient to perform the soldering. 75. A photovoltaic module according to claim 74, wherein the soldering is reflow soldering. 76. A photovoltaic module according to claim 75, wherein said PCB comprises a pair of through-going apertures adjacent one another, giving rise to one or more cell-carrying portions therebetween, each carrying a PV cell, end portions of the PV cells being disposed over or within said through-going apertures. 77. A photovoltaic module according to claim 74, wherein each of the cells comprises, on a first, PCB-facing face thereof, a lower contact pad, and, on a second face opposite the first face, an upper contact pad, said contact pads being electrically connected to an electrically conductive layer of the PCB. 78. A photovoltaic module according to claim 77, wherein said upper contact pad is electrically connected to the PCB via a connection member configured to maintain a mechanical connection to the PV cell and PCB during thermal expansion thereof. 79. A photovoltaic module according to claim 77, wherein said PV cells comprise two lower contact pads. 80. A photovoltaic array comprising a plurality of photovoltaic modules according to claim 74, and one or more support members carrying said modules, said support members being constituted by PCBs and being configured to electrically connect said modules. 81. A photovoltaic array according to claim 80, wherein each of said modules comprises one or more connectors, and each of said support members comprising notches configured to receive said connectors. 82. A photovoltaic array according to claim 81, wherein each of said support members comprises a connection point to an electrically conductive layer thereof adjacent each of said notches, being disposed to contact a corresponding electrically conductive portion of the connector. 