There is provided a concentrator photovoltaic unit and apparatus in which light collecting efficiency is hardly reduced and sealing ability is hardly deteriorated while using a resin lens and a metal case. After attaching a homogenizer and a photovoltaic element a holding member, a Fresnel lens is attached to a case to close an opening at an upper end portion of the case, and the holding member is attached to the case to close an opening at a lower end portion of the case, so that one concentrator photovoltaic unit in which the photovoltaic element is accommodated is manufactured.
Claims 1. A concentrator photovoltaic unit comprising: a lens made of resin for collecting sunlight; a photovoltaic element which generates electric power upon receiving the light collected by the resin lens; a frame-like case made of metal having openings at both end portions thereof and a space formed therein; and a holding member for holding the photovoltaic element, wherein an outer peripheral portion of the resin lens has a circular or regular polygonal shape, the opening of at least one of the end portions of the metal case has the same shape as the outer peripheral portion of the resin lens, and a center position of the outer peripheral portion of the resin lens and a center position of the opening of the one end portion of the metal case are formed concentrically with each other, and the outer peripheral portion of the single resin lens is attached to the opening of the one end portion of the metal case to abut against the metal case so as to collect light onto the photovoltaic element, and the holding member is attached to the opening of the other end portion of the metal case so as to accommodate the photovoltaic element in the metal case, so that the concentrator photovoltaic unit is formed as one unit. 2. The concentrator photovoltaic unit according to claim 1, wherein the resin lens has a shape bulging out in a direction facing an incident direction of the sunlight. 3. The concentrator photovoltaic unit according to claim 1, wherein the opening of the one end portion of the metal case is formed to project from a position against which the outer peripheral portion of the resin lens abuts. 4. The concentrator photovoltaic unit according to claim 2, wherein the opening of the one end portion of the metal case is formed to project from a position against which the outer peripheral portion of the resin lens abuts. 5. A concentrator photovoltaic apparatus comprising a plurality of the concentrator photovoltaic units according to claim 1 that are detachably arranged on a mounting member so as to form a space between the metal cases of the adjacent concentrator photovoltaic units. 6. A concentrator photovoltaic apparatus comprising a plurality of the concentrator photovoltaic units according to claim 2 that are detachably arranged on a mounting member so as to form a space between the metal cases of the adjacent concentrator photovoltaic units. 7. A concentrator photovoltaic apparatus comprising a plurality of the concentrator photovoltaic units according to claim 3 that are detachably arranged on a mounting member so as to form a space between the metal cases of the adjacent concentrator photovoltaic units. 8. A concentrator photovoltaic apparatus comprising a plurality of the concentrator photovoltaic units according to claim 4 that are detachably arranged on a mounting member so as to form a space between the metal cases of the adjacent concentrator photovoltaic units. 9. The concentrator photovoltaic apparatus according to claim 5, wherein the metal cases are formed so that the space formed between the metal cases of the concentrator photovoltaic units becomes gradually wider from the opening of the one end portion of the metal case toward the opening of the other end portion of the metal case. 10. The concentrator photovoltaic apparatus according to claim 6, wherein the metal cases are formed so that the space formed between the metal cases of the concentrator photovoltaic units becomes gradually wider from the opening of the one end portion of the metal case toward the opening of the other end portion of the metal case. 11. The concentrator photovoltaic apparatus according to claim 7, wherein the metal cases are formed so that the space formed between the metal cases of the concentrator photovoltaic units becomes gradually wider from the opening of the one end portion of the metal case toward the opening of the other end portion of the metal case. 12. The concentrator photovoltaic apparatus according to claim 8, wherein the metal cases are formed so that the space formed between the metal cases of the concentrator photovoltaic units becomes gradually wider from the opening of the one end portion of the metal case toward the opening of the other end portion of the metal case. 