Methods and devices are provided for solar panel installation. In one embodiment, a photovoltaic panel system for use with a support grid is provided. The system comprises of a photovoltaic panel with at least one layer comprised of a glass layer; a tensioning mechanism configured to laterally tension the glass layer in at least a first axis in a plane of the glass layer when the panel is mounted to the support grid. In one embodiment, the glass layer comprises of an un-tempered glass material. In another embodiment, the glass layer comprises of a tempered glass material. Optionally, other substantially transparent material may be used with or in place of the glass.
Claims 1. A tension mounting method for solar panels. 2. The method of claim 1 comprising: tension mounting a photovoltaic panel such that at least one rigid or semi-rigid layer of the photovoltaic panel is in a constant state of tension in at least a first axis when the photovoltaic panel is mounted for use. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein the layer in the constant state of tension comprises of a glass layer. 4. The method of claim 2 wherein the layer comprises of an un-tempered glass material. 5. The method of claim 2 wherein the layer comprises of a tempered glass material. 6. The method of claim 1 wherein tension is applied in an amount sufficient for the panel to withstand a load of at least 2400 pa without breakage that an identical panel without the tension mounting could not withstand. 7. The method of claim 1 wherein tension is applied to an elongate member spanning beneath a plurality of solar panels, wherein the elongate member in tension is coupled to an underside glass layer by an attachment member by way of quick-release attachment, loops, or connector to minimized uplift loads and downward loads experienced by the panel, wherein tension in the cable is applied in an amount sufficient for the panel to withstand a load of at least 2400 pa without breakage that an identical panel without the tension mounting could not withstand. 8. The method of claim 1 further comprising using ultrasonic welding to rigidly couple a connector between a glass layer on one solar panel to a glass layer on another solar panel; tensioning the layers of the solar panels that are rigidly connected so that the solar panels are able to withstand a load of at least 2400 pa without breakage that an identical panel without the tension mounting could not withstand. 9. A method of panel mounting comprising: providing a photovoltaic panel; coupling the panel to a support rail; tensioning the panel so that the panel can withstand greater downward load, relative to a substantially identical panel that is not tensioned. 10. A method of panel mounting comprising: tension mounting a photovoltaic panel with at least one substantially rigid layer, wherein the panel in its mounted configuration is in a tensioned state when no weight is on the panel. 