A surveillance and recording device includes a housing. A controller is arranged in the housing. An image recording device is arranged in the housing and operatively connected to the controller. A memory is arranged in the housing and connected to the controller to store image data generated by the image recording device. A power management unit is connected to the controller and configured to manage at least two sources of power. At least one communications port is connected to the controller, a communications port being configured at least for connection to a wireless modem to enable wireless communication with the controller from a remote location.
Claims 1. A surveillance and recording device which comprises: a housing; a controller arranged in the housing; a recording device arranged in the housing and operatively connected to the controller, the recording device being capable of recording one of video and successive still images; a memory arranged in the housing and connected to the controller to store data generated by the recording device; a power management unit connected to the controller and configured to manage at least two sources of power; at least one communications port connected to the controller, a communications port being configured at least for connection to a wireless modem to enable wireless communication with the controller from a remote location; and a transceiver arranged in the housing and operatively connected to the controller to permit wireless communication with peripheral devices, the controller and the transceiver being configured so that the transceiver can receive trigger signals from the peripheral devices and transmit actuating signals to other peripheral devices on receipt of said trigger signals. 2. A surveillance and recording device as claimed in claim 1, in which the housing has a pair of covers, each cover including complementary connecting formations configured to permit assembly or disassembly of the cover by hand without the need for tools. 3. (canceled) 4. A surveillance and recording device as claimed in claim 1, in which an event sensor is arranged in the housing and is operatively connected to the controller such that the recording device can be actuated when an event is sensed by the sensor. 5. A surveillance and recording device as claimed in claim 4, in which the event sensor is a motion detector. 6. A surveillance and recording device as claimed in claim 1, in which the controller is configured to write data relating to event times to the memory in the form of markers to enable retrieval of data generated by the recording device at said event times. 7. (canceled) 8. A surveillance and recording device as claimed in claim 1, in which the communications port is in the form of a USB port, the controller being configured to permit plug 'n play operation of devices connected to the port. 9. A surveillance and recording device as claimed in claim 8, in which the controller is configured to communicate with one of a GSM, HSPA and WLAN modem and is configured to use wireless protocols. 10. (canceled) 11. A surveillance and recording device as claimed in claim 1, in which the controller and transceiver are configured so that the transceiver can assume a sniff mode to detect wireless signals at predetermined signals. 12. A surveillance and recording device as claimed in claim 1, in which the controller and transceiver are configured so that the transceiver can communicate with the peripheral devices using an encrypted hopping frequency. 13. A surveillance and recording device as claimed in claim 8, in which the controller is configured to generate a message according to a mobile messaging protocol carrying information relating to a peripheral device triggered by an event to be communicated by the wireless modem. 14. A surveillance and recording device as claimed in claim 8, in which the controller and modem are configured so that the modem is capable of receiving transmitted data representing instructions from a remote location. 15. A surveillance and recording device as claimed in claim 8, in which the controller is configured to communicate with the modem to receive instructions to extract data generated by the recording device from the memory and to communicate the data to computers or monitor stations via WLAN or to mobile devices via a cellular network. 16. A surveillance and recording device as claimed in claim 1, in which the power management unit includes a solar panel, two internal and separate rechargeable batteries and power management circuitry for controlling power from the two batteries and from the solar panel. 17. A surveillance and recording device as claimed in claim 16, in which the controller is operatively connected to the power management circuitry and programmed so that the power management circuitry controls power selection from either of the two batteries. 18. A surveillance and recording device as claimed in claim 16, in which the power management circuitry is configured to receive two sources of power, one from the solar panel and one from a DC source, the circuitry including a power path selector for selecting a power or current path either to power out or to a charging arrangement for charging the batteries. 19. A method for recording and surveillance of events using the device of claim 1, the method comprising the steps of: actuating the recording device to be in a condition suitable for recording one of video and successive still images; recording an event in the form of one of video and successive still images with the recording device on receipt of a trigger signal at the controller from a sensor; processing data generated by the recording device; and subsequent to processing the data, transmitting data representing one of the video and the successive still images wirelessly to a remote location with a wireless modem connected to the communications port. 20. A method as claimed in claim 18, which includes the step of receiving the trigger signal from a peripheral device operatively connected to the controller. 21. (canceled) 22. (canceled) 23. A surveillance and recording device as claimed in claim 1, which includes a microphone, the controller being configured to operate the microphone to record sound at the same time as the recording device records the still images and to store the sound data in the memory. 24. A method for operating the device of claim 1, the method comprising the steps of: receiving a signal at the controller via the communications port; and decoding the signal at the controller to generate instructions for components of the device, the instructions being configured so that the controller is configured to carry out at least one of transmitting data generated by the recording device with the transceiver and actuating peripheral devices. 