An early alert system and a method for livestock disease detection are disclosed. An activity measurement zone (AMZ) is defined near an incentive device (e.g. food or water dispensing system) with an RFID tag reader and/or an RFID antenna. An animal's access into the AMZ is tracked and counted with an RFID tag attached to the animal. If the animals' activity relative to the AMZ drops to an alarmingly low level (e.g. dropping below an alert trigger point) over time, then a user of the alert system is informed of a potential health problem of the animal and may also be encouraged to inspect the animal in person for further determination of its current health and potential medical issues. The early alert system may be powered by hybrid alternative energy sources for rural or remote areas, which may have inconvenient or expensive access to conventional electrical power lines.
Claims 1. An early alert system for livestock disease detection at least partially powered by alternative energy sources, the early alert system comprising: an activity measurement zone (AMZ) defined by an RFID signal projection from an RF antenna operatively connected to an RFID tag reader; an incentive device located near or inside the AMZ to encourage an animal attached with an RFID tag to enter and exit the AMZ periodically or frequently; the RFID tag reader configured to read from or write to the RFID tag attached to the animal if the animal is inside the AMZ defined by the RFID signal projection from the RF antenna; a power source system comprising a wind turbine, a solar panel, a hybrid charge controller, and a rechargeable battery unit, wherein the hybrid charge controller regulates and converts electrical energy received from the wind turbine and the solar panel to compatible voltage and current levels expected by the rechargeable battery unit, and wherein the hybrid charge controller then transmits the regulated and converted electrical energy to the rechargeable battery unit; a portable or fixed main controller unit configured to control, request data from, or send data to one or more elements of the early alert system using a wireless connection, a physical connection, or both; the rechargeable battery unit configured to be charged by the hybrid charge controller, wherein the rechargeable battery unit is also operatively connected to the RFID tag reader, the RFID antenna, and/or other electrical components to provide electrical power to at least some components of the early alert system; a computer server with a CPU and a memory unit operatively connected to the RFID tag reader and the portable or fixed main controller unit to receive information from or transmit information to the RFID tag attached to the animal; and an analytical program module configured to set, adjust, detect, and/or use an alert trigger point for alerting a user that the animal requires personal attention for further medical inspection if an AMZ count for the animal over a period of time drops below the alert trigger point, wherein the analytical, program module is executed on the CPU and the memory unit of the computer server, or at least partially executed on another CPU and another memory unit in the portable or fixed main controller unit. 2. The early alert system of claim 1, wherein the incentive device is a food dispenser system or a water feed. 3. The early alert system of claim 1, further comprising a wireless transceiver operatively connecting the computer server, the portable or fixed main controller unit, and the RFID tag reader for data communication. 4. The early alert system of claim 1, further comprising a user display terminal configured to display information related to the RFID tag attached to the animal, including any alerts from the analytical program module. 5. The early alert system of claim 1, wherein the computer server is a desktop computer or a laptop computer, which integrates a user display terminal. 6. The early alert system of claim 1, wherein the RFID tag is a battery-less passive tag, and wherein the RFID tag comprises a non-volatile memory unit and an embedded RF antenna unit. 7. The early alert system of claim 1, wherein the AMZ count is tracked and counted for the animal by the analytical program module executing on the CPU and the memory unit of the computer server. 8. The early alert system of claim 1, wherein the alert trigger point is either manually set by the user or statistically determined by the analytical program module executing on the CPU and the memory unit of the computer server. 9. The early alert system of claim 1, wherein the action of alerting the user for further medical inspection of the animal involves transmitting a phone alert, an email alert, a text message, or an alert display on a display terminal. 10. The early alert system of claim 1, wherein the RFID tag or the computer server stores at least some of information comprising a unique tag identification code for the animal, a type or grade of the animal, the animal's date of birth, gender, owner, and vaccine records. 11. The early alert system of claim 10, wherein the information stored in the RFID tag or the computer server further comprises an AMZ count field. 12. The early alert system of claim 1, wherein the portable or fixed main controller unit comprises a display screen, a main controller unit specific-CPU, a main controller unit-specific memory unit, a keypad interface, a wireless modem, an Ethernet controller, an RS 232 interface controller, and a GPS receiver. 13. A method of alerting a potential livestock disease to a user of an early alert system powered by alternative energy sources, the method comprising the steps of: powering at least some components of the early alert system using a wind turbine, a solar panel, a hybrid charge controller, and a rechargeable battery, wherein the rechargeable battery is operatively connected to an RFID tag reader; defining an activity measurement zone (AMZ) enabled by the RFID tag reader and an RF antenna operatively connected to the RFID tag reader; attaching an RFID tag to an animal, wherein the RFID tag reader can read from or write to the RFID tag if the RFID tag is within the AMZ; activating the early alert system for livestock disease detection; monitoring the frequency of the animal's entrance into the AMZ by accessing the RFID tag attached to the animal; and if an alert trigger point is reached, informing the user of the early alert system to encourage further inspection of the animal for a potential health problem or an infection. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein the step of monitoring the frequency of the animal's entrance into the AMZ involves keeping track of an AMZ entry count over a period of time in a computer server and/or the RFID tag, and comparing the AMZ entry count against the alert trigger point. 15. The method of claim 13, wherein the optional step of informing the user to encourage further inspection of the animal involves sending an alert via a display terminal, a telephone alert, an email alert, or a text message. 16. The method of claim 13, wherein the step of defining activity measurement zone (AMZ) also involves installing an incentive device inside the AMZ or nearby. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein the incentive device is a food dispenser system or a water feed. 18. The method of claim 14, wherein the step of keeping track of the AMZ entry count over the period of time and comparing the AMZ entry count against the alert trigger point are performed by an analytical program module executed on a CPU and a memory unit of the computer server operatively connected to the RFID tag reader. 