This disclosure relates to a dye solution monitoring device and a dye solution controlling device for a dye-sensitized solar cell, more particularly, to a dye solution monitoring device for a dye-sensitized solar cell comprising a light-absorption device for measuring absorbance of a dye solution for a dye-sensitized solar cell, and a pH measuring device for measuring pH of a dye solution for a dye-sensitized solar cell; and, a dye solution controlling device for a dye-sensitized solar cell further comprising a dye supply device supplying dye of high concentration, and an acid or base supply device for pH control, in addition to the monitoring device. According to the present invention, a dye adsorption process may be optimized in real time to manufacture a solar cell of high quality with high productivity, maximize utilization of expensive dye, and minimize the waste, thereby reducing production cost.
Claims 1. A dye solution monitoring device for a dye-sensitized solar cell comprising a light-absorption device for measuring absorbance of a dye solution for a dye-sensitized solar cell; and a pH measuring device for measuring pH of a dye solution for a dye-sensitized solar cell. 2. The dye solution monitoring device for a dye-sensitized solar cell according to claim 1, wherein acidity or basicity of dye in the dye solution changes during an adsorption process. 3. The dye solution monitoring device for a dye-sensitized solar cell according to claim 2, wherein the dye is organic dye or organometallic dye. 4. The dye solution monitoring device for a dye-sensitized solar cell according to claim 3, wherein the dye is ruthenium-based dye. 5. The dye solution monitoring device for a dye-sensitized solar cell according to claim 1, wherein the light-absorption device directly measures absorbance from a storage tank or a transfer line of the dye solution, or collects a sample from the storage bath or the transfer line and measures absorbance, and the pH measuring device directly measure pH from the storage tank or transfer line of the dye solution, or collects a sample from the storage tank or transfer line and measures pH. 6. The dye solution monitoring device for a dye-sensitized solar cell according to claim 1, wherein the light source applied to the light-absorption device has a wavelength of 175 nm to 3300 nm, or is an UV light source. 7. The dye solution monitoring device for a dye-sensitized solar cell according to claim 1, further comprising an additional measuring device for measuring turbidity or conductivity of the dye solution. 8. A dye solution control device for a dye-sensitized solar cell comprising a storage tank of the dye solution; a dye solution monitoring device for a dye-sensitized solar cell according to claim 1; a dye supply device for supplying the storage tank with a dye solution of higher concentration than the dye solution in the storage bath; a pH control device for supplying the storage tank with acid or base; and a controller controlling the dye supply device and the pH control device according to the absorbance and pH values obtained from the monitoring device. 9. The dye solution control device for a dye-sensitized solar cell according to claim 8, wherein the device further comprises a solvent supply device supplying the storage tank with a solvent of the dye solution, and the controller controls the dye supply device, the pH control device and the solvent supply device according to the absorbance and pH values obtained from the monitoring device. 10. A dye adsorption device for a dye-sensitized solar cell comprising a storage tank of the dye solution, having a transfer apparatus for entrance and exit of a dye support; the dye solution monitoring device for a dye-sensitized solar cell according to claim 1; a dye supply device supplying the storage tank with a dye solution of higher concentration than the dye solution in the storage tank; a pH control device supplying the storage tank with acid or base; a temperature control part measuring and controlling temperature of the dye solution in the storage tank; a pressure control part measuring and controlling pressure of the dye solution in the storage tank; and a controller controlling the dye supply device and the pH control device according to absorbance and pH values obtained from the monitoring device. 11. The dye adsorption device for a dye-sensitized solar cell according to claim 10, wherein the device further comprises a solvent supply device supplying the storage tank with a solvent of the dye solution, and the controller controls the dye supply device, the pH control device and the solvent supply device according to absorbance and pH values obtained from the monitoring device. 12. A dye adsorption device for a dye-sensitized solar cell comprising a storage tank of the dye solution, having a transfer line circulating the dye solution to a module of the dye-sensitized solar cell; the dye solution monitoring device for a dye-sensitized solar cell according to claim 1; a dye supply device supplying the storage tank with a dye solution of higher concentration than the dyes solution in the storage tank; a pH control device supplying the storage tank with acid or base; a temperature control part measuring and controlling temperature of the dye solution in the transfer line or temperature of the dye-sensitized solar cell module; a pressure control part measuring and controlling pressure of the dye solution in the transfer line or pressure in the dye-sensitized solar cell module; and a controller controlling the dye supply device and the pH control device according to absorbance and pH values obtained from the monitoring device. 13. The dye adsorption device for a dye-sensitized solar cell according to claim 12, wherein the device further comprises a solvent supply device supplying the storage tank with a solvent of the dye solution, and the controller controls the dye supply device, the pH control device, and the solvent supply device according to absorbance and pH values obtained from the monitoring device. 14. A method for monitoring a dye solution for a dye-sensitized solar cell, wherein measurement of absorbance of the dye solution for a dye-sensitized solar cell is conducted simultaneously with measurement of pH of the dye solution for a dye-sensitized solar cell. 15. The method according to claim 14, wherein the acidity or basicity of dye in the dye solution changes during the adsorption process. 16. A method for controlling a dye solution for a dye-sensitized solar cell, wherein the dye solution for a dye-sensitized solar cell from a storage tank is monitored by the method according to claim 14, and the storage tank is supplied with a dye solution of higher concentration than the dye solution in the storage tank, or with acid or base, according to absorbance and pH values obtained by the monitoring. 17. A method for controlling a dye solution for a dye-sensitized solar cell, wherein the dye solution for a dye-sensitized solar cell from a storage tank is monitored by the method according to claim 14, and the storage tank is supplied with a dye solution of higher concentration than the dye solution in the storage tank, with acid or base, or with a solvent of the dye solution, according to absorbance and pH values obtained by the monitoring. 