A solar cell module that is prevented from being damaged by the wind and can be installed at low cost is provided. The solar cell module includes a supporting substrate, a plurality of first cells, and a plurality of second cells. The first cell is disposed so as to form an angle a between the first cell and the supporting substrate. The second cell is disposed so as to form an angle b between the second cell and the first cell and so as to form the angle a+the angle b between the second cell and the supporting substrate. A light-receiving surface of the first cell and a light-receiving surface of the second cell face each other. The module can be installed substantially horizontally to the level ground without impairing power generation capability.
Claims 1. A solar cell module comprising: a supporting substrate; a first cell; a second cell; and a protective substrate over the supporting substrate, wherein the first cell is disposed so as to form an angle a between a bottom surface of the first cell and a top surface of the supporting substrate, wherein the second cell is disposed so as to form the angle a+an angle b between a bottom surface of the second cell and the top surface of the supporting substrate, the angle b being between the bottom surface of the second cell and the bottom surface of the first cell, and wherein the first cell and the second cell are disposed so that a light-receiving surface of the first cell and a light-receiving surface of the second cell face each other. 2. The solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the angle a is greater than or equal to 30.degree. and less than or equal to 60.degree.. 3. The solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the angle b is greater than or equal to 60.degree. and less than or equal to 70.degree.. 4. The solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the first cell and the second cell are electrically connected in parallel. 5. The solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the supporting substrate and the protective substrate are substantially parallel to each other. 6. The solar cell module according to claim 1, further comprising a sealing resin between the protective substrate and the first cell and between the protective substrate and the second cell. 7. A solar cell module comprising: a supporting substrate; a first cell stand having a first surface and a second surface; a first cell; a second cell stand having a first surface and a second surface; a second cell; and a protective substrate over the supporting substrate, wherein the first surface of the first cell stand and the first surface of the second cell stand are in contact with the supporting substrate, wherein the first cell is disposed on the second surface of the first cell stand so as to form an angle a between a bottom surface of the first cell and a top surface of the supporting substrate, wherein the second cell is disposed on the second surface of the second cell stand so as to form the angle a+an angle b between a bottom surface of the second cell and the top surface of the supporting substrate, the angle b being between the bottom surface of the second cell and the bottom surface of the first cell, and wherein the first cell and the second cell are disposed so that a light-receiving surface of the first cell and a light-receiving surface of the second cell face each other. 8. The solar cell module according to claim 7, wherein the angle a is greater than or equal to 30.degree. and less than or equal to 60.degree.. 9. The solar cell module according to claim 7, wherein the angle b is greater than or equal to 60.degree. and less than or equal to 70.degree.. 10. The solar cell module according to claim 7, wherein the first cell and the second cell are electrically connected in parallel. 11. The solar cell module according to claim 7, wherein the supporting substrate and the protective substrate are substantially parallel to each other. 12. The solar cell module according to claim 7, further comprising a sealing resin between the protective substrate and the first cell and between the protective substrate and the second cell. 13. The solar cell module according to claim 7, wherein the first cell stand has a triangle prism shape and the second cell stand has a triangle prism shape. 14. A solar photovoltaic system comprising: a mounting rack; and a solar cell module attached to the mounting rack, the solar cell module comprising: a supporting substrate; a first cell; a second cell; and a protective substrate over the supporting substrate, wherein the first cell is disposed so as to form an angle a between a bottom surface of the first cell and a top surface of the supporting substrate, wherein the second cell is disposed so as to form the angle a+an angle b between a bottom surface of the second cell and the top surface of the supporting substrate, the angle b being between the bottom surface of the second cell and the bottom surface of the first cell, wherein the first cell and the second cell are disposed so that a light-receiving surface of the first cell and a light-receiving surface of the second cell face each other, and wherein the solar cell module is installed with an inclination angle greater than or equal to 0.degree. and less than 10.degree. to an installation surface. 15. The solar cell module according to claim 14, wherein the angle a is greater than or equal to 30.degree. and less than or equal to 60.degree.. 16. The solar cell module according to claim 14, wherein the angle b is greater than or equal to 60.degree. and less than or equal to 70.degree.. 17. The solar cell module according to claim 14, wherein the first cell and the second cell are electrically connected in parallel. 18. The solar cell module according to claim 14, wherein the supporting substrate and the protective substrate are substantially parallel to each other. 19. The solar cell module according to claim 14, further comprising a sealing resin between the protective substrate and the first cell and between the protective substrate and the second cell. 20. A solar photovoltaic system comprising: a mounting rack; and a solar cell module attached to the mounting rack, the solar cell module comprising: a supporting substrate; a first cell stand having a first surface and a second surface; a first cell; a second cell stand having a first surface and a second surface; a second cell; and a protective substrate over the supporting substrate, wherein the first surface of the first cell stand and the first surface of the second cell stand are in contact with the supporting substrate, wherein the first cell is disposed on the second surface of the first cell stand so as to form an angle a between a bottom surface of the first cell and a top surface of the supporting substrate, wherein the second cell is disposed on the second surface of the second cell stand so as to form the angle a+an angle b between a bottom surface of the second cell and the top surface of the supporting substrate, the angle b being between the bottom surface of the second cell and the bottom surface of the first cell, wherein the first cell and the second cell are disposed so that a light-receiving surface of the first cell and a light-receiving surface of the second cell face each other, and wherein the solar cell module is installed with an inclination angle greater than or equal to 0.degree. and less than 10.degree. to an installation surface. 21. The solar cell module according to claim 20, wherein the angle a is greater than or equal to 30.degree. and less than or equal to 60.degree.. 22. The solar cell module according to claim 20, wherein the angle b is greater than or equal to 60.degree. and less than or equal to 70.degree.. 23. The solar cell module according to claim 20, wherein the first cell and the second cell are electrically connected in parallel. 24. The solar cell module according to claim 20, wherein the supporting substrate and the protective substrate are substantially parallel to each other. 25. The solar cell module according to claim 20, further comprising a sealing resin between the protective substrate and the first cell and between the protective substrate and the second cell. 26. The solar cell module according to claim 20, wherein the first cell stand has a triangle prism shape and the second cell stand has a triangle prism shape. 