A telescopic probe monitoring system for riverbed elevation monitoring at a bridge pier is revealed. The system includes a measurement module for measuring riverbed elevation under water and a control module. The measurement module includes a housing, a multi-layer tube, a driving member with scales, a photographic unit for capturing images, and a sensing unit. The control module controls the driving member to extend the multi-layer tube. Thus the sensing unit on the bottom of the multi-layer tube contacts the riverbed and then sends a sensing signal to the control module for stopping pushing the multi-layer tube and controlling the photographic unit to capture images of the driving member. According to the images and movement of the measurement module, the control module learns the riverbed elevation and sends the riverbed elevation to a remote monitor unit for real-time monitoring of the riverbed elevation.
Claims 1. A telescopic probe monitoring system for riverbed elevation monitoring at bridge piers comprising: a measurement module arranged at a bridge pier under the water for measuring elevation of a riverbed under water; the measurement module having a housing, a multi-layer tube mounted in the housing, a driving member that is attached with a plurality of scales, mounted in the housing and used for pushing the multi-layer tube to extend and contact the riverbed; a photographic unit mounted in the housing for taking pictures of the driving member and producing images; and a sensing unit disposed on bottom of the multi-layer tube; a control module coupled to the driving member and the photographic unit; the measurement module and the control module separated with each other; wherein the control module controls the driving member to push the multi-layer tube for extension of the multi-layer tube; while the sensing unit on bottom of the multi-layer tube contacts the riverbed under the water, the sensing unit sends a sensing signal to the control module for control of the driving member to stop pushing the multi-layer tube; the photographic unit shoots the driving member to generate the image; the control module gets the elevation of the riverbed according to the image and sends the elevation to a remote monitor unit. 2. The system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the driving member further includes: a motor; a rotating disc disposed on the motor; and a driving hose wound around the rotating disc; the motor drives the rotating disc to rotate for further driving the driving hose to push the multi-layer tube to extend. 3. The system as claimed in claim 2, wherein the telescopic probe monitoring system for riverbed elevation monitoring at bridge piers further includes: a driving unit under control of the control module and used to drive the motor. 4. The system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the multi-layer tube further includes: a plurality of pipes with different diameters; the pipe with smaller diameter is sleeved in the pipe with larger diameter and the pipes are connected; the driving hose pushes the pipe with smallest diameter and further drives the rest pipes to extend so that the multi-layer tube is extended to reach the riverbed. 5. The system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the telescopic probe monitoring system for riverbed elevation monitoring at bridge piers further includes: a waterproof telescopic protective tube disposed outside the multi-layer tube. 6. The system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the telescopic probe monitoring system for riverbed elevation monitoring at bridge piers further includes: a power supply unit coupled to the measurement module and the control module for providing the measurement module and the control module power required; the power supply unit is a utility power, a battery, a hydroelectric power unit or a photovoltaic energy unit. 7. The system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the control module includes: an image transmission unit that is coupled with the photographic unit and is used to receive images from the photographic unit, an image capture unit coupled to the image transmission unit and used for capturing images from the image transmission unit; an analog-digital converter that is coupled to the image capture unit and is used for converting the image captured by the image capture unit to generate a digital image; an image processing unit coupled to the analog-digital converter and used for analyzing the digital image so as to get the elevation of the riverbed; a processor coupled to the image processing unit and used for receiving the elevation of the riverbed; an external transmission unit coupled to the processor and used for transmitting the elevation of the riverbed to the remote monitor unit; a control unit coupled to the processor and receiving a command from the processor to generate a control signal according to the command; and a control port coupled to the control unit, receiving the control signal, and sending the control signal to the driving member for control of the driving member. 8. The system as claimed in claim 7, wherein the telescopic probe monitoring system for riverbed elevation monitoring at bridge piers further includes: a storage unit that is coupled to the processor and is stored with a system software executed by the processor. 9. The system as claimed in claim 7, wherein the external transmission unit is a wired transmission unit or a wireless transmission unit. 10. The system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the photographic unit is disposed with a lighting unit. 11. A telescopic probe monitoring system for riverbed elevation monitoring at bridge piers comprising: a measurement module arranged at a bridge pier under the water for measuring elevation of a riverbed under water; the measurement module having a housing, a multi-layer tube mounted in the housing, a driving member that is attached with a plurality of scales, mounted in the housing and used for pushing the multi-layer tube to extend and contact the riverbed; and a sensing unit disposed on bottom of the multi-layer tube; a control module coupled to the driving member; the measurement module and the control module separated with each other; wherein the control module controls the driving member to push the multi-layer tube for extension of the multi-layer tube; while the sensing unit on bottom of the multi-layer tube contacts the riverbed under the water, the sensing unit sends a sensing signal to the control module for control of the driving member to stop pushing the multi-layer tube; the control module analyzes a movement of the measurement module to get the elevation of the riverbed and sends the elevation to a remote monitor unit. 12. The system as claimed in claim 11, wherein the driving member further includes: a motor; a rotating disc coupled to the motor; and a driving hose wound around the rotating disc; the motor drives the rotating disc to rotate for further driving the driving hose to push the multi-layer tube to extend; the control module gets the elevation of the riverbed by analyzing the number of turns the motor or the rotating disc rotates. 13. The system as claimed in claim 12, wherein the telescopic probe monitoring system for riverbed elevation monitoring at bridge piers further includes: a driving unit under control of the control module and used to drive the motor. 14. The system as claimed in claim 11, wherein the multi-layer tube further includes: a plurality of pipes with different diameters; the pipe with smaller diameter is sleeved in the pipe with larger diameter and the pipes are connected; the driving hose pushes the pipe with smallest diameter and further drives the rest pipes to extend so that the multi-layer tube is extended to reach the riverbed. 15. The system as claimed in claim 11, wherein the telescopic probe monitoring system for riverbed elevation monitoring at bridge piers further includes: a waterproof telescopic protective tube disposed outside the multi-layer tube. 16. The system as claimed in claim 11, wherein the telescopic probe monitoring system for riverbed elevation monitoring at bridge piers further includes: a power supply unit coupled to the measurement module and the control module for providing the measurement module and the control module power required; the power supply unit is a utility power, a battery, a hydroelectric power unit or a photovoltaic energy unit. 17. The system as claimed in claim 11, wherein the control module includes: a processor for analyzing the movement of the measurement module to get the elevation of the riverbed; an external transmission unit coupled to the processor and transmitting the elevation of the riverbed to the remote monitor unit; a control unit coupled to the processor and receiving a command from the processor to generate a control signal according to the command; and a control port coupled to the control unit, receiving the control signal, and sending the control signal to the driving member for control of the driving member. 18. The system as claimed in claim 17, wherein the telescopic probe monitoring system for riverbed elevation monitoring at bridge piers further includes: a storage unit that is coupled to the processor and is stored with a system software executed by the processor. 19. The system as claimed in claim 17, wherein the external transmission unit is a wireless transmission unit or a wired transmission unit. 