A fault detection system for use with a solar hot water system may include a data acquisition module which may, in turn, include a plurality of sensors. Input data may include a sensed condition. The system may also include a neural network to receive the input data which may be a multi-layer hierarchical adaptive resonance theory (ART) neural network. The neural network may perform an analysis on the input data to determine existence of a fault or a condition indicative of a potential fault. The fault and the condition indicative of the potential fault are prioritized according to the analysis performed by the neural network. A warning output relating to the fault and the condition indicative of the potential fault is generated responsive to the analysis, and is displayed on the user interface.
Claims 1. A fault detection system for use with a solar hot water system, the fault detection system comprising: a data acquisition module to collect input data relating to the solar hot water system, the data acquisition module comprising a plurality of sensors in communication with portions of the solar hot water system, the input data relating to a sensed condition sensed by at least one of the plurality of sensors; a neural network in communication with the data acquisition module to receive the input data, the neural network being a multi-layer hierarchical adaptive resonance theory (ART) neural network; and a user interface in communication with at least one of the neural network and the data acquisition module; wherein the data acquisition module transmits the input data to the neural network; wherein the neural network performs an analysis on the input data to determine existence of at least one of a fault and a condition indicative of a potential fault; wherein at least one of the fault and the condition indicative of the potential fault are prioritized according to the analysis performed by the neural network; wherein a warning output relating to at least one of the fault and the condition indicative of the potential fault is generated responsive to the analysis; and wherein the warning output is displayed on the user interface. 2. A system according to claim 1 wherein the plurality of sensors comprises at least one of a collector outlet temperature sensor, a storage water tank top temperature sensor, a controller signal sensor, a collector inlet temperature sensor, a collector fin temperature sensor, a storage water tank bottom temperature sensor, a flow rate sensor, an ambient temperature sensor, a global radiation sensor, a beam radiation sensor, an incidence angle sensor, a wind speed sensor, a relative humidity sensor, and a time of day sensor. 3. A system according to claim 1 wherein the fault and the condition indicative of the potential fault are related to at least one of a collector fault indicating a fault or potential fault with a solar collector of the solar hot water system, a pipe fault indicating a fault or potential fault in a pipe of the solar hot water system, a pump fault indicating a fault or potential fault with a pump of the solar hot water system, a thermosiphon fault indicating a fault or potential fault with a thermosiphon of the solar hot water system, a scaling fault indicating that scales have built up on a portion of the solar hot water system, a shading fault indicating that a portion of the solar hot water system is in shade, and an unknown fault indicating another type of fault or potential fault. 4. A system according to claim 1 wherein the neural network comprises a plurality of cascading layers of Fuzzy ART networks. 5. A system according to claim 4 wherein each of the cascading layers of Fuzzy ART networks is calibrated to have a vigilance level substantially proportional to its numerical layer value, wherein the vigilance level is defined by a threshold similarity between patterns of the input data and patterns known to the neural network. 6. A system according to claim 5 wherein the analysis comprises: passing the input data to incrementally higher numerical cascading layers of Fuzzy ART networks in the neural network until at least one of the fault and the condition indicative of the potential fault are found; and assigning the fault and the condition indicative of the potential fault a priority based on the numerical cascading layers in which the fault and the condition indicative of the potential fault are found. 7. A system according to claim 6 wherein the neural network identifies the fault and the condition indicative of the potential fault as a fault type based on the input data received by the neural network and based on the priority assigned to the fault and the condition indicative of the potential fault during the analysis of the input data. 8. A system according to claim 1 wherein the solar hot water system further comprises a controller that controls operation of the solar hot water system, and wherein the neural network is in communication with the controller. 9. A system according to claim 8 wherein the controller receives an output control signal relating to operation of the solar hot water system from the neural network; wherein the controller transmits a control signal to portions of the solar hot water system; and wherein the control signal is generated responsive to the analysis and the warning output. 10. A system according to claim 1 wherein the warning output comprises a prompt that allows a user to make a choice using the user interface, the choice including at least one of: shutting down the solar hot water system; viewing more information relating to the warning output; waiting a time period and reviewing a new warning output at a later time; and ignoring the warning output. 11. A system according to claim 10 wherein the neural network is a learning system including a knowledge base; and wherein the knowledge base of the neural network is augmented based on the choice of ignoring the warning output being selected. 12. A system according to claim 10 wherein the user is a solar hot water system monitoring service or a maintenance service. 13. A system according to claim 12 wherein the user interface is positioned at a facility associated with the solar hot water system monitoring service or the maintenance service. 14. A fault detection system for use with a solar hot water system having a controller that controls operation of the solar hot water system, the fault detection system comprising: a data acquisition module to collect input data relating to the solar hot water system, the data acquisition module comprising a plurality of sensors in communication with portions of the solar hot water system, the input data relating to a sensed condition sensed by at least one of the plurality of sensors; a neural network in communication with the data acquisition module to receive the input data, and in communication with the controller, the neural network being a multi-layer hierarchical adaptive resonance theory (ART) neural network; and a user interface in communication with at least one of the neural network and the data acquisition module; wherein the data acquisition module transmits the input data to the neural network; wherein the neural network performs an analysis on the input data to determine existence of at least one of a fault and a condition indicative of a potential fault; wherein at least one of the fault and the condition indicative of the potential fault are prioritized according to the analysis performed by the neural network; wherein a warning output relating to at least one of the fault and the condition indicative of the potential fault is generated responsive to the analysis; wherein the warning output is displayed on the user interface, and wherein the warning output comprises a prompt that allows a user to make a choice using the user interface, the choice including at least one of shutting down the solar hot water system, viewing more information relating to the warning output, waiting a time period and reviewing a new warning output at a later time, and ignoring the warning output; and wherein the controller receives an output control signal relating to operation of the solar hot water system from the neural network; wherein the controller transmits a control signal to the solar hot water system; and wherein the control signal is generated responsive to the analysis and the warning output. 15. A system according to claim 14 wherein the plurality of sensors comprises at least one of a collector outlet temperature sensor, a storage water tank top temperature sensor, a controller signal sensor, a collector inlet temperature sensor, a collector fin temperature sensor, a storage water tank bottom temperature sensor, a flow rate sensor, an ambient temperature sensor, a global radiation sensor, a beam radiation sensor, an incidence angle sensor, a wind speed sensor, a relative humidity sensor, and a time of day sensor. 16. A system according to claim 14 wherein the fault is related to at least one of a collector fault indicating a fault or potential fault with a solar collector of the solar hot water system, a pipe fault indicating a fault or potential fault in a pipe of the solar hot water system, a pump fault indicating a fault or potential fault with a pump of the solar hot water system, a thermosiphon fault indicating a fault or potential fault with a thermosiphon of the solar hot water system, a scaling fault indicating that scales have built up on a portion of the solar hot water system, a shading fault indicating that a portion of the solar hot water system is in shade, and an unknown fault indicating another type of fault or potential fault. 17. A system according to claim 14 wherein the neural network comprises a plurality of cascading layers of Fuzzy ART networks. 18. A system according to claim 17 wherein each of the cascading layers of Fuzzy ART networks is calibrated to have a vigilance level substantially proportional to its numerical layer value, wherein the vigilance level is defined by a threshold similarity between patterns of the input data and patterns known to the neural network. 19. A system according to claim 18 wherein the analysis comprises: passing the input data to incrementally higher numerical cascading layers of Fuzzy ART networks in the neural network unto at least one of the fault and the condition indicative of the potential fault are found; and assigning the fault and the condition indicative of the potential fault a priority based on the numerical cascading layers in which the fault and the condition indicative of the potential fault are found. 20. A system according to claim 19 wherein the neural network identifies the fault and the condition indicative of the potential fault as a fault type based on the input data received by the neural network and based on the priority assigned to the fault and the condition indicative of the potential fault during the analysis of the input data. 21. A system according to claim 14 wherein the neural network is a learning system including a knowledge base; and wherein the knowledge base of the neural network is augmented based on the choice of ignoring the warning output being selected. 22. A system according to claim 14 wherein the user is a solar hot water system monitoring service or a maintenance service. 23. A system according to claim 22 wherein the user interface is positioned at a facility associated with the solar hot water system monitoring service or the maintenance service. 24. A method of using a fault detection system with a solar hot water system having a controller that controls operation of the solar hot water system, the fault detection system comprising a data acquisition module having a plurality of sensors in communication with portions of the solar hot water system to collect input data relating to a sensed condition sensed by at least one of the plurality of sensors, a neural network in communication with the data acquisition module and the pump controller, the neural network being a multi-layer hierarchical adaptive resonance theory (ART) neural network, and a user interface in communication with at least one of the neural network and the data acquisition module, the method comprising: collecting the input data relating to the solar hot water system; transmitting the input data from the data acquisition module to the neural network; executing a command to perform an analysis on the input data within the neural network; determining existence of at least one of a fault and a condition indicative of a potential fault; prioritizing at least one of the fault and the condition indicative of the potential fault according to the analysis performed by the neural network; generating a warning output relating to at least one of the fault and the condition indicative of the potential fault responsive to the analysis; displaying the warning output on the user interface; providing a prompt that allows a user to make a choice using the user interface, the choice including at least one of shutting down the solar hot water system, viewing more information relating to the warning output, waiting a time period and reviewing a new warning output at a later time, and ignoring the warning output; and transmitting an output control signal relating to operation of the solar hot water system from the neural network to the controller, wherein the controller sends a control signal to the solar hot water system, and wherein the control signal is generated responsive to the analysis and the warning output. 25. A method according to claim 24 wherein the plurality of sensors comprises at least one of a collector outlet temperature sensor, a storage water tank top temperature sensor, a controller signal sensor, a collector inlet temperature sensor, a collector fin temperature sensor, a storage water tank bottom temperature sensor, a flow rate sensor, an ambient temperature sensor, a global radiation sensor, a beam radiation sensor, an incidence angle sensor, a wind speed sensor, a relative humidity sensor, and a time of day sensor. 26. A method according to claim 24 wherein the fault is related to at least one of a collector fault indicating a fault or potential fault with a solar collector of the solar hot water system, a pipe fault indicating a fault or potential fault in a pipe of the solar hot water system, a pump fault indicating a fault or potential fault with a pump of the solar hot water system, a thermosiphon fault indicating a fault or potential fault with a thermosiphon of the solar hot water system, a scaling fault indicating that scales have built up on a portion of the solar hot water system, a shading fault indicating that a portion of the solar hot water system is in shade, and an unknown fault indicating another type of fault or potential fault. 27. A method according to claim 24 wherein the neural network comprises a plurality of cascading layers of Fuzzy ART networks. 28. A method according to claim 27 further comprising calibrating each of the cascading layers of Fuzzy ART networks to have a vigilance level substantially proportional to its numerical layer value, wherein the vigilance level is defined by a threshold similarity between patterns of the input data and patterns known to the neural network. 29. A method according to claim 28 wherein the analysis comprises: passing the input data to incrementally higher numerical cascading layers of Fuzzy ART networks in the neural network until at least one of the fault and the condition indicative of the potential fault are found; and assigning the fault and the condition indicative of the potential fault a priority based on the numerical cascading layers in which the fault and the condition indicative of the potential fault are found. 30. A method according to claim 29 further comprising identifying the fault and the condition indicative of the potential fault as a fault type based on the input data received by the neural network and based on the priority assigned to the fault during the analysis of the input data. 31. A method according to claim 24 wherein the neural network is a learning system including a knowledge base; and further comprising augmenting the knowledge base of the neural network based on the choice of ignoring the warning output being selected. 32. A method according to claim 24 wherein the user is a solar hot water system monitoring service or a maintenance service. 33. A method according to claim 32 wherein the user interface is positioned at a facility associated with the solar hot water system monitoring service or the maintenance service. 