A method and apparatus for solar attic fan with air flow guide have been disclosed. In one version a solar array provides energy for a fan having an air flow guide within a shroud thereby decreasing back pressure and increasing air flow.
Claims 1. An apparatus comprising: a planar base having a circular opening on which is mounted vertically a circular extension; a fan assembly having a motor coupled to a fan; one or more mountings which are attached to said motor and said circular extension, wherein said fan is centered within a diameter of said circular extension and wherein airflow from said fan is parallel to a wall of said circular extension; and a circular shroud, said circular shroud secured to said circular extension at an end distal to said planar base and wherein a diameter of said circular shroud is larger than said diameter of said circular extension. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said motor is a direct current (DC) motor. 3. The apparatus of claim 2 wherein a thermal switch is connected to said DC motor to control operation of said DC motor. 4. The apparatus of claim 3 wherein said thermal switch allows said DC motor to operate when an ambient temperature in vicinity of said DC motor rises to approximately 80 degrees Fahrenheit and said thermal switch does not allow said DC motor to operate when an ambient temperature in vicinity of said DC motor dips to approximately 65 degrees Fahrenheit. 5. The apparatus of claim 2 further comprising: a solar panel, said solar panel generating DC when exposed to sunlight and wherein said solar panel generated DC is operatively coupled to said DC motor. 6. The apparatus of claim 4 further comprising: a solar panel, said solar panel generating DC when exposed to sunlight and wherein said solar panel generated DC is operatively coupled to said DC motor and said thermal switch. 7. The apparatus of claim 5 further comprising: a tiltable assembly which is attached to said shroud and to said solar panel. 8. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein said tiltable assembly is mounted on a rotatable assembly yielding a tiltable rotatable assembly. 9. The apparatus of claim 7 wherein said tiltable rotatable assembly is mounted on said shroud. 10. The apparatus of claim 9 further comprising an air flow guide, wherein said air flow guide is mounted between said fan and said shroud. 11. The apparatus of claim 10 wherein said air flow guide is cone shaped. 12. The apparatus of claim 11 wherein an apex of said cone shaped air flow guide is proximate to said fan and wherein a base of said cone shaped air flow guide is proximate to said shroud. 13. A method comprising: mounting a fan blade to a shaft of a direct current motor creating a fan assembly; mounting said fan assembly within a tube, said tube having a first end and a second end; mounting said first end of said tube to a circumferential edge of an opening on a planar base, said opening on said planar base similar in diameter to a diameter of said tube; mounting on said second end of said tube a shroud, said shroud diameter larger than a diameter of said tube. 14. The method of claim 13 further comprising: mounting a base of a cone shaped air flow guide proximate to said shroud. 15. The method of claim 14 further comprising: mounting an apex of said cone shaped air flow guide proximate to said fan blade. 16. The method of claim 15 further comprising: mounting on said shroud a rotatable-tiltable assembly. 17. The method of claim 16 further comprising: mounting on said rotatable-tiltable assembly a solar panel. 18. The method of claim 17 further comprising: connecting a output from said solar panel to said direct current motor 19. The method of claim 17 further comprising: connecting a output from said solar panel to a thermal switch, said thermal switch connected to said direct current motor. 20. The method of claim 19 wherein said thermal switch closes when an ambient temperature in vicinity of said direct current motor rises to approximately 80 degrees Fahrenheit and said thermal switch opens when an ambient temperature in vicinity of said direct current motor dips to approximately 65 degrees Fahrenheit. 