A portable device includes a wireless communications module configured to communicate with a communication device, a rechargeable energy storage device coupled to the wireless communications module, a solar power cell coupled to the rechargeable energy storage device configured to charge the rechargeable energy storage device and a port coupled to the rechargeable energy storage device configured to provide energy to charge an external device via the port.
Claims 1. A portable device comprising: means for communicating wirelessly to a communication device; means for converting light energy to electrical energy to provide power to the communicating means; means for storing the electrical energy; and a port means for supplying the stored electrical energy to an charge external device. 2. The portable device of claim 1, wherein the wireless communicating means provides voice communication. 3. The portable device of claim 1, wherein the energy storage means comprises at least one of a battery and a capacitor. 4. The portable device of claim 1, wherein the port means comprises a USB compatible connector port. 5. The portable device of claim 1, further comprising a voltage regulator coupled to the power storage means to provide a standardized voltage to the port means. 6. The portable device of claim 1, further comprising a current limiting means coupled to the energy storage means to protect the portable device and the external device from damage due to an excessive current flow. 7. The portable device of claim 1, further comprising a mounting means attachable to a surface to expose the light energy converting means to a source of light energy. 8. The portable device of claim 7, wherein the surface is transparent, and the light energy converting means is configured to receive light energy through the transparent surface. 9. The portable device of claim 1, wherein the external device is at least one of a cell phone, MP3 player, portable computer, and personal digital assistant. 10. The portable device of claim 1, wherein the stored electrical energy is supplied at approximately 5 Volt and a selected maximum DC current. 11. The portable device of claim 3, further comprising a recharge port means to enable electrically recharging the electrical energy storage means as an alternative to solar recharging using the light energy converting means. 12. A portable device comprising: a wireless communications module configured to communicate with a communication device; a rechargeable energy storage device coupled to the wireless communications module; a solar power cell coupled to the rechargeable energy storage device configured to charge the rechargeable power storage device; and a port coupled to the rechargeable energy storage device configured to provide energy to charge an external device via the port. 13. The portable device of claim 12, wherein the wireless communication module provides voice communication. 14. The portable device of claim 12, wherein the rechargeable power storage device is at least one of a battery and a capacitor. 15. The portable device of claim 12, wherein the port is a USB compatible connector port. 16. The portable device of claim 12, further comprising a voltage regulator coupled to the rechargeable power storage device to provide a regulated voltage to the port. 17. The portable device of claim 12, further comprising a current limiter coupled to the rechargeable power storage device to protect at least one of the portable device and the external device from damage due to an excessive current flow. 18. The portable device of claim 12, further comprising a supporting case attachable to a surface configured to expose the solar power cell to a source of light energy. 19. The portable device of claim 18, wherein the surface is transparent, and the solar power cell is configured to receive light energy through the transparent surface. 20. The portable device of claim 17, wherein the surface comprises at least one of an automobile window and a windshield. 21. The portable device of claim 12, wherein the external device comprises at least one of a cell phone, MP3 player, portable computer, and personal digital assistant. 22. The portable device of claim 12, wherein the stored electrical energy is supplied at approximately 5 Volt and up to a selected maximum DC current. 23. The portable device of claim 12, further comprising a recharge port to enable electrically recharging the rechargeable energy storage device as an alternative to solar recharging using the solar cell. 24. A method of charging an external device from a solar powered speakerphone comprising: connecting the external device to the solar powered speakerphone, wherein the solar powered speakerphone comprises: a solar cell for conversion of light energy to electrical energy; a rechargeable energy storage device coupled to the solar cell, the rechargeable energy storage device comprising at least one of a battery and a capacitor for storing the electrical energy; a port for connecting the rechargeable energy storage device to the external device to provide the stored electrical energy to the device; and a wireless communications module coupled to and powered by the rechargeable energy storage device, the wireless communications module configured to communicate with a communication device; and providing energy from the rechargeable energy storage device to the external device via the port. 