A method for testing a conductive web includes moving a conductive web past at least one electrostatic probe, providing an alternating current or voltage which generates an alternating current to the at least one electrostatic probe, measuring a current or voltage in the at least one electrostatic probe induced by a capacitance between the conductive web and the at least one electrostatic probe, comparing the measured current or voltage to a reference value, and determining a level of bagginess of the conductive web based on the step of comparing.
Claims 1. A method for making a photovoltaic device, comprising: monitoring a moving conductive web; determining a level of bagginess of the conductive web; and depositing a plurality of layers of the photovoltaic device on the conductive web if the level of bagginess meets a predetermined criteria. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising depositing the plurality of layers of the photovoltaic device on the conductive web if the level of bagginess of the conductive web is equal to or less than a predetermined level of bagginess, or rejecting the conductive web and not depositing the plurality of layers of the photovoltaic device on the conductive web if the bagginess of the conductive web is greater than the predetermined level of bagginess. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the step of monitoring the moving conductive web is performed optically. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein the step of monitoring the moving conductive web is performed using at least one electrostatic probe. 5. The method of claim 4, wherein the at least one electrostatic probe comprises a first linear array of electrostatic probes arranged in a cross web direction adjacent to but not in contact with a first surface of the conductive web. 6. The method of claim 5, wherein the at least one electrostatic probe further comprises a second linear array of electrostatic probes arranged in a cross web direction adjacent to but not in contact with a second surface of the conductive web. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein the step of monitoring the moving conductive web comprises: providing an alternating current or voltage which generates an alternating current to at least one electrostatic probe of the first linear array of electrostatic probes; and measuring a current or voltage in the at least one electrostatic probe induced by a capacitance between the conductive web and the at least one electrostatic probe. 8. The method of claim 7, wherein the step of determining the level of bagginess of the conductive web comprises: comparing the measured current or voltage to a reference value; and determining the level of bagginess based on the step of comparing. 9. The method of claim 8, further comprising: providing an alternating current or a voltage which generates an alternating current to at least one electrostatic probe of the second linear array of electrostatic probes; measuring a current or voltage in the at least one electrostatic probe of the second linear array of electrostatic probes induced by a capacitance between the conductive web and the at least one electrostatic probe of the second linear array of electrostatic probe; and checking the determined level of bagginess of the conductive web based on the measured current or voltage in the at least one electrostatic probe of the second linear array of electrostatic probes. 10. The method of claim 8, wherein: the reference value comprises a reference value of current or voltage which corresponds to a predetermined distance between the at least one electrostatic probe and the conductive web; and the step of determining the level of bagginess based on the step of comparing comprises determining a distance between the at least one electrostatic probe and the moving conductive web and generating the level of bagginess based on the determined distance. 11. The method of claim 10, wherein: the reference value of current or voltage is stored in a look-up table; and the step of generating the level of bagginess comprises generating a two dimensional map of the conductive web as a function of down web and cross web directions showing locations of bagginess. 12. The method of claim 5, wherein the step of monitoring the moving conductive web comprises: sequentially providing an alternating current or voltage to each electrostatic probe of the linear array of electrostatic probes; and sequentially measuring a current or voltage in each electrostatic probe induced by a capacitance between the conductive web and the at least one electrostatic probe. 13. The method of claim 1, wherein the level of bagginess of the conductive web depends on a uniformity of a tension level of the moving conductive web in a cross web direction. 14. The method of claim 1, further comprising applying an input forcing function to the conductive web. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein the input forcing function is performed by a fan. 16. A method for testing a conductive web, comprising: moving a conductive web past at least one electrostatic probe; providing an alternating current or voltage which generates an alternating current to the at least one electrostatic probe; measuring a current or voltage in the at least one electrostatic probe induced by a capacitance between the conductive web and the at least one electrostatic probe; comparing the measured current or voltage to a reference value; and determining a level of bagginess of the conductive web based on the step of comparing. 17. The method of claim 16, further comprising determining whether the level of bagginess of the conductive web is less than a predetermined level of bagginess. 18. The method of claim 17, further comprising: depositing at least one layer on the conductive web if the level of bagginess of the conductive web is equal to or less than a predetermined level of bagginess; or rejecting the conductive web if the level of bagginess of the conductive web is greater than the predetermined level of bagginess. 19. The method of claim 16, wherein the at least one electrostatic probe comprises a first linear array of electrostatic probes arranged in a cross web direction adjacent to but not in contact with a first surface of the conductive web. 20. The method of claim 19, wherein the at least one electrostatic probe further comprises a second linear array of electrostatic probes arranged in a cross web direction adjacent to but not in contact with a second surface of the conductive web. 21. The method of claim 19, wherein: the reference value comprises a reference value of current or voltage which corresponds to a predetermined distance between the at least one electrostatic probe and the conductive web; and the step of determining the level of bagginess based on the step of comparing comprises determining a distance between the at least one electrostatic probe and the moving conductive web and generating the level of bagginess based on the determined distance. 22. The method of claim 21, wherein: the reference value of current or voltage is stored in a look-up table; and the step of generating the level of bagginess comprises generating a two dimensional map of the conductive web as a function of down web and cross web directions showing locations of bagginess. 23. The method of claim 19, wherein the step of monitoring the moving conductive web comprises: sequentially providing an alternating current or voltage to each electrostatic probe of the linear array of electrostatic probes; and sequentially measuring a current or voltage in each electrostatic probe induced by a capacitance between the conductive web and the at least one electrostatic probe. 24. The method of claim 16, wherein the level of bagginess of the conductive web depends on a uniformity of a tension level of the moving conductive web in a cross web direction. 25. An apparatus for monitoring the bagginess of a conductive web, comprising: at least one electrostatic probe positioned adjacent to a position where the conductive web would pass; an alternating current or voltage source electrically connected to the at least one electrostatic probe; and a processor in communication with the at least one electrostatic probe and configured to perform steps comprising: measuring a current or voltage in the at least one electrostatic probe induced by a capacitance between the conductive web and the at least one electrostatic probe in response to an alternating current or voltage provided to the at least one electrostatic probe; comparing the measured current or voltage to a reference value; and determining a level of bagginess of the conductive web based on the step of comparing. 26. The apparatus of claim 25, further comprising a controller for controlling provision of alternating current or voltage from the alternating current or voltage source. 27. An apparatus, comprising: a first means for electrostatically monitoring a conductive web for bagginess; and a second means for determining a level of bagginess of the conductive web based on comparing a measured current or voltage in the first means induced by a capacitance between the conductive web and the first means to a stored reference value of current or voltage. 