A device configured to be worn around the wrist of a user and operable to charge an electrical device is provided. The device includes a cover and a band. The band is adapted to be worn around a wrist of a user. The cover may be adapted to mount onto the band. The band having a storage space configured for holding electrical components operable to store and discharge electrical power, such as a battery. The device further includes an output operable to connect the battery to an electrical device so as to charge the electrical device.
Claims 1. A device for charging an electrical device, the device configured to be worn around a wrist of a user, the device comprising: a band adapted to be worn around the wrist, the band having a storage space configured for holding components; a cover having an outer surface exposed to the environment, the cover adapted to mount onto the band; a battery; at least one solar cell disposed on the outer surface of the cover, the at least one solar cell electrically wired to the battery; and an output operable to connect the battery to the electrical device so as to charge the electrical device while the user holds the electrical device. 2. The device as set forth in claim 1, further including an electrical circuit operable to control discharging and charging of the battery. 3. The device as set forth in claim 2, the cover may be decorated with design and indicia so as to present an aesthetically pleasing accessory for wear with an outfit. 4. The device as set forth in claim 3, including a plurality of covers, each of the plurality of covers are removably attached to the band so as to allow the user to change the cover with a different covers. 5. The device as set forth in claim 4, further including a fastening device, operable to secure and release the cover to and from the band. 6. The device as set forth in claim 5, further including a female member disposed on the band, the female member in electrical connection with the battery, the fastening device is a male member electrically connected to the solar cell, the male member configured to engage the female member so as to secure the cover to the band and transmit electricity from the solar cell to the battery. 7. The device as set forth in claim 2, wherein the band includes in first surface and a second surface, the first surface of the band is covered by the cover, and the second surface of the band is exposed to the wrist of a user when worn, the band further including at least one mounting portion disposed on the first surface of the band, the one of the at least one mounting portions configured to hold the battery, and another of the at least one mounting portions is configured to hold the electric circuit. 8. The device as set forth in claim 2, wherein the output includes a electrical chord and a mechanism operable to retract the electrical chord, the electrical chord and mechanism stored within the storage space, the electrical chord having an end portion adapted to engage a power input of an electrical device, the other end of the electrical chord is wired to the battery 9. The device as set forth in claim 8, wherein the end portion includes an adapter configured to engage an electrical chord operable to connect to the power input of an electrical device. 10. The device as set forth in claim 9 wherein the adapter is a micro-USB port. 11. The device as set forth in claim 2, wherein the second surface of the band includes a detent, the output is exposed on the second surface of the band and within the detent so as to be behind the second surface of the band with respect to the user's wrist. 12. The device as set forth in claim 2, further including an auxiliary electric device operable to transform the swaying motion of an arm into electricity, the auxiliary device is wired to the battery so as to charge the battery. 13. The device as set forth in claim 11, wherein the electric circuitry may be further operable to step down electrical power generated by the auxiliary device. 14. The device as set forth in claim 2, wherein the cover includes a hinge operable to displace one end of the cover with respect to an opposite end of the cover, the hinge having a fastening device operable to secure the cover to the band. 15. The device as set forth in claim 14, further including a female member disposed on the band, the female member in electrical connection with the battery, the fastening device is a male member electrically connected to the solar cell, the male member configured to engage the female member so as to secure the cover to the band and transmit electricity from the solar cell to the battery. 16. The device as set forth in claim 2, wherein the band includes a base portion, the cover includes a display and the cover is adapted to be disposed over the base portion, the device further includes electrical components operable to tell time, the electrical components contained between the cover and the base portion, time is shown on the display. 17. The device as set forth in claim 16, wherein the outer surface of the cover includes a detent, the output is exposed on the outer surface of the cover and within the detent so as to be behind the outer surface of the cover. 18. The device as set forth in claim 17, wherein the output is an adapter configured to engage a electrical chord operable to connect to the power input of an electrical device. 