A solar boiler includes a plurality of solar boiler panels forming a perimeter surrounding a boiler interior space. A support structure within the boiler interior space supports the solar boiler panels. A steam/water vessel, such as a steam drum, is mounted to the support structure within the boiler interior space. A method of constructing a solar boiler includes raising a steam/water vessel, such as a steam drum, through a leave-out area in a boiler support structure. The method also includes mounting the steam/water vessel within the boiler support structure below an upper extent of the boiler support structure.
Claims 1. A solar boiler comprising: a) a plurality of solar boiler panels forming a perimeter surrounding a boiler interior space; b) a support structure within the boiler interior space supporting the solar boiler panels; and c) a steam/water vessel mounted to the support structure within the boiler interior space. 2. A solar boiler as recited in claim 1, wherein the solar boiler panels define upper and lower extents of the boiler interior space, and wherein the steam/water vessel is mounted below the upper extent of the boiler interior space. 3. A solar boiler as recited in claim 1, wherein the solar boiler panels form a substantially contiguous heat transfer surface configured to block solar radiation incident thereon from the boiler interior space. 4. A solar boiler as recited in claim 3, wherein the solar boiler panels form four boiler walls surrounding the boiler interior space. 5. A solar boiler as recited in claim 1, wherein the support structure includes vertical load bearing supports arranged around a leave-out area dimensioned to allow passage of the steam/water vessel therethrough. 6. A solar boiler as recited in claim 5, wherein the leave-out area is devoid of vertical load bearing supports to accommodate passage of the steam/water vessel therethrough. 7. A solar boiler as recited in claim 6, wherein the leave-out area extends upwards from an area proximate a base of the support structure to an area in which the steam/water vessel is mounted. 8. A solar boiler as recited in claim 6, further comprising secondary support structure in the leave-out area below the steam/water vessel. 9. A solar boiler as recited in claim 8, further comprising at least one feedwater distribution pipe extending through the leave-out area from a pumping section to the steam/water vessel, the at least one feedwater distribution pipe being mounted to the secondary support structure. 10. A solar boiler as recited in claim 1, wherein the steam/water vessel includes drum internals including chevrons, steam separators, a chemical feed line, a blowdown line, downcomers, and feedwater distribution pipes. 11. A method of constructing a solar boiler comprising: a) raising a steam/water vessel through a leave-out area in a boiler support structure; and b) mounting the steam/water vessel within the boiler support structure below an upper extent of the boiler support structure. 12. A method of constructing a solar boiler as recited in claim 11, wherein the step of mounting the steam/water vessel within the boiler includes suspending the boiler within the support structure with straps. 13. A method of constructing a solar boiler as recited in claim 11, further comprising the step of installing piping to be located above the steam/water vessel, wherein the step of installing piping to be located above the steam/water vessel is performed prior to the step of raising the steam/water vessel. 14. A method of constructing a solar boiler as recited in claim 11, further comprising the step of installing secondary support structure in the leave-out area below the steam/water vessel. 15. A method of constructing a solar boiler as recited in claim 14, further comprising mounting piping below the steam/water vessel to the secondary support structure in the leave-out area. 16. A method of constructing a solar boiler as recited in claim 11, further comprising the step of installing steam/water vessel insulation and lagging on the steam/water vessel. 17. A method of constructing a solar boiler as recited in claim 11, further comprising the step of mounting a plurality of solar boiler panels to the support structure to form an exterior heat transfer surface substantially surrounding a boiler interior space, wherein the solar boiler panels are in fluid communication with the steam/water vessel, and wherein the exterior heat transfer surface has an upper extent above the steam/water vessel to shield the steam/water vessel and boiler interior space from concentrated solar radiation. 