A solar conversion apparatus and method includes two or more conversion cells and a reflector assembly. Each of the two or more solar conversion cells is responsive to a different one of at least a first band of wavelengths from solar radiation and a second band of wavelengths from the solar radiation. The reflector assembly comprises at least two integrated reflective sections. One of the at least two reflective sections is positioned to reflect and direct the first band of wavelengths towards one of the two or more solar conversion cells and another one of the at least two reflective sections is positioned to reflect and direct the second band of wavelengths towards another one of the two or more solar conversion cells. At least one of the two integrated reflective structures further comprises a Fresnel microstructure.
Claims 1. A solar conversion apparatus comprising: two or more solar conversion cells, each of the two or more solar conversion cells is responsive to a different one of at least a first band of wavelengths from solar radiation and a second band of wavelengths from the solar radiation; and a reflector assembly comprising at least two integrated reflective sections, one of the at least two reflective sections is positioned to reflect and direct the first band of wavelengths towards one of the two or more solar conversion cells and another one of the at least two reflective sections is positioned to reflect and direct the second band of wavelengths towards another one of the two or more solar conversion cells and at least one of the two integrated reflective structures comprises a Fresnel microstructure. 2. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1 wherein the two or more solar conversion cells are physically separated from each other. 3. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1 wherein the two or more solar conversion cells are substantially aligned along an optical axis which extends through the reflector assembly. 4. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1 wherein the two or more solar conversion cells are offset from an optical axis which extends through the reflector assembly. 5. The apparatus as set forth in claim 4 wherein the two or more solar conversion cells are each substantially positioned along a plane through which the optical axis intersects. 6. The apparatus as set forth in claim 4 wherein the two or more solar conversion cells further comprise at least four of the solar conversion cells which are each responsive to a different one of at least the first band of wavelengths from solar radiation, the second band of wavelengths from the solar radiation, a third band of wavelengths from the solar radiation, and a fourth band of wavelengths from the solar radiation. 7. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1 wherein at least one of the two or more solar conversion cells comprises a single junction photovoltaic cell. 8. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1 further comprising at least one mounting assembly that supports the two or more solar conversion cells with respect to the reflector assembly. 9. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1 wherein the one of the at least two reflective sections that is at least partially reflective to the first band of wavelengths is substantially transmissive to at least the second band of wavelengths. 10. The apparatus as set forth in claim 9 wherein the at least one of the reflective sections with the Fresnel microstructure further comprises an internal reflector on a surface of the Fresnel microstructure, the internal reflector is at least partially reflective to one of the first band of wavelengths and the second band of wavelengths, the Fresnel microstructure is optically configured to direct the one of the first band of wavelengths and the second band of wavelengths at least partially reflected by the internal reflector towards one of the two or more solar conversion cells. 11. The apparatus as set forth in claim 10 wherein the internal reflector is at least partially transmissive to at least the other one of the first band of wavelengths and the second band of wavelengths. 12. The apparatus as set forth in claim 9 wherein the reflective system further comprises: a first spacer layer having one surface adjacent at least one of the reflective sections; an intake reflector which is at least partially transmissive to at least the first band of wavelengths and the second band of wavelengths on an opposing surface of the first spacer layer; and a second spacer layer between the at least two reflective sections. 13. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1 wherein the first band of wavelengths is substantially non-overlapping with the second band of wavelengths. 14. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1 further comprising at least one condensing lens apparatus positioned to converge the solar radiation on the reflector assembly. 15. The apparatus as set forth in claim 14 wherein the at least one condensing lens assembly further comprises a Fresnel microstructure optically configured to converge at least a portion of the solar radiation on the reflector assembly. 16. The apparatus as set forth in claim 15 further comprising at least a third one of the two or more solar conversion cells, the third one of the two or more solar conversion cells is responsive to a third band of wavelengths from solar radiation, wherein the Fresnel microstructure in the at least one condensing lens assembly is further optically configured to converge at least a portion of the third band of wavelengths on to the third one of the two or more solar conversion cells. 17. The apparatus as set forth in claim 16 wherein the first band of wavelengths, the second band of wavelengths and the third band of wavelength are substantially non-overlapping with respect to each other. 18. The apparatus as set forth in claim 1 wherein the one of the two or more solar conversion cells positioned closer to a first incident location for receiving the solar radiation is responsive to a shorter band of wavelengths than the other of the two or more solar conversion cells positioned further from the first incident location. 