There is provided a high power laser system for powering a remotely located laser device, such as an ROV, using a high power laser fiber optic tether and a photo-conversion device, such as a laser photovoltaic assembly. Laser device systems, such as ROV systems that utilizes a high power laser cutting and/or cleaning tools are also provided.
Claims 1. A high power laser subsea vehicle system comprising: a. a high power laser for providing a coherent light energy; b. a high power laser tether for transmitting the coherent light energy; c. a subsea vehicle comprising a means for converting the coherent light energy; and, d. the high power laser, the high power laser tether and the means for converting the coherent light energy in optical association with one another; e. whereby, the coherent light energy is converted in the subsea vehicle to provide energy for an operation of the subsea vehicle. 2. The high power laser subsea vehicle system of claim 1, wherein the subsea vehicle is selected from the group consisting of: a remotely operated vehicle, a subsea tractor, a subsea trencher, and a subsea excavation tool. 3. The high power laser subsea vehicle system of claim 1, wherein the operation of the subsea vehicle is selected from the group consisting of the operation of a thruster, the operation of a mechanical tool, the operation of a camera, and the operation of a light. 4. The high power laser subsea vehicle system of claim 1, comprising a high power laser-cutting tool. 5. The high power laser subsea vehicle system of claim 4, comprising: a first and a second high power optical fiber; wherein at least one of the first or the second high power optical fibers has a core having a diameter of at least about 200 .mu.m; and, wherein the first high power optical fiber is in optical association with the laser-cutting tool, and the second high power optical fiber is in optical association with the means for converting the coherent light energy. 6. The high power laser subsea vehicle system of claim 5, comprising a third high power optical fiber in optical association with the high power laser and in optical association with a means for directing the coherent light energy, and wherein at least one of the first or the second high power optical fibers is in optical association with the means for directing. 7. The high power laser subsea vehicle system of claim 4, wherein the first high power optical fiber is in direct optical association with the laser-cutting tool, and the second high power optical fiber is in optical association with the means for converting the coherent light energy. 8. The high power laser subsea vehicle system of claim 4, wherein the first high power optical fiber is in optical association with the laser-cutting tool, and the second high power optical fiber is in direct optical association with the means for converting the coherent light energy. 9. The high power laser subsea vehicle system of claim 1, comprising an optical fiber comprising a core having a diameter of at least about 500 .mu.m and a fiber length of at least about 1000 feet, whereby the optical fiber is contained within and protected by the high power tether. 10. The high power laser subsea vehicle system of claim 6, wherein the means for directing the laser beam is located within the subsea vehicle. 11. The high power laser subsea vehicle system of claim 2, comprising a means for delivering a high power laser beam to a work location below sea level. 12. The high power laser subsea vehicle system of claim 1, wherein the means for converting the coherent light energy is selected from the group consisting of a quantum well, a micro array antenna, a steam engine, and a turbine engine. 13. The high power laser subsea vehicle system of claim 1, wherein the means for converting the coherent light energy is a sterling engine. 14. The high power laser subsea vehicle system of claim 1, wherein the means for converting the coherent light energy is a laser photovoltaic assembly. 15. The high power laser subsea vehicle system of claim 1, wherein the means for converting the coherent light energy is a photovoltaic assembly. 16. The high power laser subsea vehicle system of claim 1, wherein the means for converting the coherent light source is a photovoltaic cell. 17. The high power laser subsea vehicle system of claim 14, wherein the laser photovoltaic assembly comprises: a. an optically active surface; and, b. a means for providing a predetermined energy distribution pattern to the optically active surface. 18. The high power laser subsea vehicle system of claim 17, wherein the optically active surface comprises a plurality of photovoltaic cells. 19. The high power laser subsea vehicle system of claim 17, wherein the optically active surface defines an inner surface of the laser photovoltaic assembly and comprises a plurality of photovoltaic cells. 20. The high power laser subsea vehicle system of claim 18, wherein each of the plurality of photovoltaic cells comprise a material selected from the group consisting of: a. Al.sub.xIn.sub.yGa.sub.1-x-yAs, wherein 0.ltoreq.x.ltoreq.0.45 and 0.ltoreq.y.ltoreq.1, b. Si.sub.xGe.sub.1-x, wherein 0.ltoreq.x.ltoreq.1, c. Al.sub.xIn.sub.yGa.sub.1-x-yP, wherein 0.ltoreq.x.ltoreq.0.80 and 0.ltoreq.y.ltoreq.1, d. Al.sub.xIn.sub.yGa.sub.1-x-yN, wherein 0.ltoreq.x.ltoreq.0.5, and 0.1.ltoreq.y.ltoreq.1, e. In.sub.xGa.sub.1-xSb, wherein 0.ltoreq.x.ltoreq.0.3, f. In.sub.xGa.sub.1-xN.sub.yAs.sub.1-y, wherein 0.ltoreq.x.ltoreq.0.3 and 0<y.ltoreq.0.1, and g. In.sub.xGa.sub.1-xAs.sub.yP.sub.1-y, wherein 0.ltoreq.x.ltoreq.1 and 0.ltoreq.y.ltoreq.1. 21. The high power laser subsea vehicle system of claim 18, wherein each of the plurality of photovoltaic cells comprise an alloy of one or more elements selected from the group consisting of: Al, In, Ga, Si, Sb, N, P and As. 22. The high power laser subsea vehicle system of claim 17, wherein the means for providing a predetermined energy distribution pattern to the optically active surface comprises a collimating lens. 23. The high power laser subsea vehicle system of claim 17, wherein the means for providing a predetermined energy distribution pattern to the optically active surface comprises an optical fiber face. 24. The high power laser subsea vehicle system of claim 17, wherein the means for providing a predetermined energy distribution pattern to the optically active surface comprises a lens. 25. The high power laser subsea vehicle system of claim 14, wherein the laser photovoltaic assembly comprises: a. an optically active surface; b. a means for providing a predetermined energy distribution pattern to the optically active surface; and, c. a means for controlling the temperature of the photovoltaic assembly. 26. The high power laser subsea vehicle system of claim 25, wherein the means for controlling the temperature of the photovoltaic assembly comprises seawater. 27. The high power laser subsea vehicle system of claim 25, wherein the means for controlling the temperature of the photovoltaic assembly comprises water from a body of water in which the subsea vehicle is submerged. 28. The high power laser subsea vehicle system of claim 25, wherein the means for controlling the temperature of the photovoltaic assembly comprises flowing water from a body of water in which the subsea vehicle is submerged around the laser photovoltaic assembly and then discharging the water to the body of water. 29. The high power laser subsea vehicle system of claim 25, wherein the means for controlling the temperature of the photovoltaic assembly comprises flowing seawater. 30. The high power laser subsea vehicle system of claim 25, wherein the means for controlling the temperature of the photovoltaic assembly comprises non-recirculating water. 31. The high power laser subsea vehicle system of claim 1, wherein the tether is characterized by a weight-power-distance value of less than about 1,000. 32. The high power laser subsea vehicle system of claim 1, wherein the tether is characterized by a weight-power-distance value less than about 500. 33. The high power laser subsea vehicle system of claim 1, wherein the tether is characterized by a weight-power-distance value less than about 100. 34. The high power laser subsea vehicle system of claim 1, wherein the tether is characterized by a weight-power-distance value from about 2 to about 50. 35. The high power laser subsea vehicle system of claim 1, comprising a submersible tether management system, the tether management system comprising a frame, the frame comprising a laser housing, wherein the laser housing is submergible and has a pressure rating of at least about 2,000 psi, and wherein the high power laser is located within the laser housing and is protected thereby upon submersion. 36. The high power laser subsea vehicle system of claim 1, wherein the high power laser subsea system provides at least about 5 kW of laser power to the means for converting the coherent light energy. 37. The high power laser subsea vehicle system of claim 1, wherein the high power laser subsea system provides at least about 10 kW of laser power to the means for converting the coherent light energy. 38. The high power laser subsea vehicle system of claim 1, wherein the high power laser subsea system provides at least about 15 kW of laser power to the means for converting the coherent light energy. 39. A high power laser ROV system comprising: a. a support vessel, the support vessel comprising a laser housing containing a high power laser, the high power laser capable of propagating at least a 10 kW laser beam; b. a tether having a distal end and a proximal end defining a length there between, and comprising a high power optical fiber having a length equal to or greater than the length of the tether; c. a means for playing out and retrieving the tether; d. a remotely operated vehicle; e. the support vessel comprising a means for handling the remotely operated vehicle; and, f. a proximal end of the tether in optical communication with the high power laser and a distal end of the tether in optical communication with the remotely operated vehicle. 40. The high power laser ROV system of claim 39, comprising a laser-cutting tool. 41. The high power laser ROV system of claim 39, wherein the tether comprises a plurality of high power optical fibers. 42. The high power laser ROV system of claim 39, comprising a laser photovoltaic assembly. 43. The high power laser ROV system of claim 42, wherein the high power laser provides a laser beam having a predetermined wavelength range and the laser photovoltaic assembly is optimized for the predetermined wavelength range. 44. The high power laser ROV system of claim 43, wherein the laser beam has a predetermined wavelength range selected in part for the reduction of non-linear effects. 45. The high power laser ROV system of claim 43, wherein the laser beam has a predetermined wavelength range selected in part for the optimization of the laser photovoltaic assembly. 46. The high power laser ROV system of claim 42, wherein the high power laser provides a laser beam having a predetermined wavelength range and the laser photovoltaic assembly and the wavelength range are matched. 47. The high power laser ROV system of claim 46, wherein the predetermined laser wavelength range is from about 1060 nm to 1080 nm and the laser photovoltaic assembly comprises a photovoltaic cell, 48. The high power laser ROV system of claim 47, wherein the photovoltaic cell comprises a material selected from the group consisting of: a. Al.sub.xIn.sub.yGa.sub.1-x-yAs, wherein 0.ltoreq.x.ltoreq.0.45 and 0.ltoreq.y.ltoreq.1, b. Si.sub.xGe.sub.1-x, wherein 0.ltoreq.x.ltoreq.1, c. Al.sub.xIn.sub.yGa.sub.1-x-yN, wherein 0.ltoreq.x.ltoreq.0.5, and 0.1.ltoreq.y.ltoreq.1, d. In.sub.xGa.sub.1-xSb, wherein 0.ltoreq.x.ltoreq.0.3, e. In.sub.xGa.sub.1-xN.sub.yAs.sub.1-y, wherein 0.ltoreq.x.ltoreq.0.3 and 0<y.ltoreq.0.1, and f. In.sub.xGa.sub.1-xAs.sub.yP.sub.1-y, wherein 0.ltoreq.x.ltoreq.1 and 0.ltoreq.y.ltoreq.1. 49. The high power laser ROV system of claim 42, wherein the laser photovoltaic assembly comprises: a. an optically active surface; and, b. a means for controlling the temperature of the optically active surface. 50. The high power laser ROV system of claim 49, wherein the means for controlling the temperature of the optically active surface comprises seawater. 51. The high power laser ROV system of claim 49, wherein the means for controlling the temperature of the optically active surface comprises water from a body of water in which the high power laser ROV system is submerged. 52. The high power laser ROV system of claim 49, wherein the means for controlling the temperature of the optically active surface comprises flowing water from a body of water in which the high power laser ROV system is submerged in thermal association with the laser photovoltaic assembly and then discharging the water to the body of water. 53. The high power ROV system of claim 39, wherein the tether is characterized by a weight-power-distance value less than about 50,000. 54. The high power laser ROV system of claim 39, wherein the tether is characterized by a weight-power-distance value less than about 40,000. 55. The high power laser ROV system of claim 39, wherein the tether is characterized by a weight-power-distance value from about 100 to about 30,000. 56. The high power laser ROV system of claim 39, wherein the laser housing is submergible and is characterized by a pressure rating of at least about 1,000 psi. 57. A high power laser system comprising: a. a high power laser, the high power laser capable of propagating at least a 15 kW laser beam; b. an umbilical having a distal end and a proximal end defining a length there between and the umbilical comprising a high power optical fiber; c. a means for playing out and retrieving the umbilical; d. a remote device comprising a photo-conversion device; and, e. the proximal end of the umbilical in optical communication with the high power laser and the distal end of the umbilical in optical communication with the remote device; f. wherein the umbilical length is at least about 1000 feet and the system is capable of delivering at least about 10 kW to the remote device. 58. The high power laser system of claim 57, wherein the umbilical is characterized by a weight-power-distance value of less than about 1,000. 59. The high power laser system of claim 57, wherein the umbilical is characterized by a weight-power-distance value less than about 500. 60. The high power laser system of claim 57, wherein the umbilical characterized by a weight-power-distance value less than about 100. 61. The high power laser system of claim 57, wherein the umbilical characterized by a weight-power-distance value from about 2 to about 50. 62. A high power laser system comprising: a. a high power laser, the high power laser capable of propagating at least a 10 kW laser beam; b. an umbilical having a distal end and a proximal end defining a length there between and the umbilical comprising a high power optical fiber; c. a remote device comprising a laser photovoltaic assembly; and, d. the proximal end of the umbilical in optical association with the high power laser and the distal end of the umbilical in optical association with the photovoltaic assembly; e. wherein the high power laser system delivers at least about 5 kW to the photovoltaic assembly. 63. The high power laser system of claim 62, wherein the remote device is selected from the group consisting of: a remotely operated vehicle, a subsea tractor, a subsea trencher, and a subsea excavation tool. 64. The high power laser system of claim 62, wherein the laser photovoltaic assembly comprises: a. an optical fiber having a face for launching the laser beam into the photovoltaic device; b. a housing having an inner optically active surface and an outer surface; c. the housing having an opening for receiving the laser beam from the fiber face; and d. the housing having a cooling device. 65. The high power laser system of claim 64, wherein the inner optically active surface comprises a plurality of laser photovoltaic cells paired to a predetermined laser beam wavelength range. 66. The high power laser system of claim 64, wherein the inner optically active surface comprises a means for managing back reflections. 67. The high power laser system of claim 64, wherein the inner optically active surface defines a disc. 68. The high power laser system of claim 64, wherein the inner optically active surface defines a portion of a sphere. 69. The high power laser system of claim 64, wherein the inner optically active surface defines a wood's horn. 70. The high power laser system of claim 64, wherein the inner optically active surface defines a cylinder having an open end and a closed end. 71. A method of performing laser powered operations by a subsea device, the method comprising: a. optically associating a subsea device with a high power laser by means of a high power laser tether comprising a high power laser fiber; b. lowering the subsea device into a body of water; c. propagating a high power laser beam; d. launching the high power laser beam into the high power laser fiber in the high power laser tether; e. transmitting the high power laser beam through the high power laser fiber to the subsea device without substantial loss of power; f. converting at least a portion of the laser beam into electrical energy; and, g. utilizing the electrical energy to power an operation of the subsea device. 72. The method of claim 71, wherein at least a portion of the laser beam is directed at a work area located below a surface of the body of water. 73. A high power laser system for providing high power laser energy to an operations unit for use at a remote distant location for utilizing the high power laser energy at the local to provide a source of power, the system comprising: a. a high power laser for providing a high power laser beam of coherent light energy; b. a high power laser tether for transmitting the high power laser beam of coherent light energy; c. an operations unit; d. a device comprising a means for converting the coherent light energy; and, e. the high power laser, the high power laser tether and the means for converting the coherent light energy in optical association with one another; f. whereby, the coherent light energy is converted to provide energy for an operation of the operations unit. 74. The high power laser system of claim 73, wherein the operations unit is selected from the group consisting of: a robot, a down hole tool, a drilling tool, a mining tool, a cutting tool, a cleaning tool, a remotely operated vehicle, a subsea tractor, a subsea trencher, a blow out preventer, mining equipment, drilling equipment, flow control equipment, well and rig plugging, abandonment and decommissioning equipment, and nuclear remediation, monitoring and decommissioning equipment. 75. The high power laser system of claim 73, comprising an optical fiber comprising a core having a diameter of at least about 500 .mu.m and a fiber length of at least about 2000 feet, whereby the optical fiber is contained within and protected by the high power tether. 76. The high power laser system of claim 74, wherein the means for converting the coherent light energy is a laser photovoltaic assembly. 77. The high power laser subsea vehicle system of claim 73, wherein the means for converting the coherent light energy is a photovoltaic assembly. 78. The high power laser subsea vehicle system of claim 77, wherein the laser photovoltaic assembly comprises: a. an optically active surface; and, b. a means for providing a predetermined energy distribution pattern to the optically active surface. 