A Conical reflecting, concentrating, two-axis tracking solar energy collector is disclosed. An inverted multi-segmented conical reflecting surface concentrates and focuses solar energy at very high concentrations onto a very thermodynamically efficient receiver tube or absorber pipe assembly. The receiver tube consists of a cylindrical array of HCPV solar cells mounted onto a polygonal extruded Aluminum tube. These HCPV solar cells are 36% efficient and can receive solar concentrations as high as 1000 SUNS. A heat transfer fluid is pumped through the receiver tube in contact with the interior surface of the Aluminum tube to remove the heat from the HCPV solar cells. In cooling the HCPV cells, the heat transfer fluid is heated. The resulting thermal energy, 2/3 of the available solar energy, can be utilized for ammonia absorption air conditioning and home heating, about 2/3-3/4 of a home's energy requirement. The absorber pipe assembly encloses a black surfaced absorber pipe within a larger diameter transparent glass pipe and a heat transfer fluid is pumped through the annulus in direct contact with the black absorbing surface. A very efficient transfer of heat is effected. This conical concentrator and receiver combination is caused to track the by three hydraulic cylinders. The concentrating solar energy collector disclose is intended to and is capable of economically providing for all of the energy needs of a home or building.
Claims 1. A multi-segmented conical solar concentrator reflecting surface which concentrates and focuses incoming solar radiation onto a linear receiver tube assembly. Very high concentrations of solar radiation can be achieved such as is necessary for the economical use of HCPV solar cells. 2. A receiver tube assembly which can be placed at the central focal line of the conical concentrator described in claim 1. A cylindrical array of HCPV solar cells is placed around the periphery of a metal tube which has a plurality of flat sides for mounting of the columns of HCPV solar cells. This metal tube may be extruded. It may also be formed and brazed or otherwise sealed using flat metal sheet. 3. A means of actively cooling the solar cells of claim 2 while concurrently heating the fluid which is being used to cool the cells. Maximum amounts of both electrical and thermal energies are thus produced. A smaller diameter tube is placed coaxially within the flat sided receiver tube. Cool heat transfer fluid is pumped through the smaller tube and then flows through the annulus between the flat-sided receiver tube and the smaller tube and acts to remove heat from the cells. 4. An absorber pipe assembly which can be placed at the central focal line of the conical concentrator of claim 1. A transparent glass process is placed coaxially around a smaller black-surfaced absorber pipe. The concentrated solar energy is focused onto the outside glass surface of this absorber pipe assembly. Most of this concentrated energy travels through the glass wall and enters into the annulus between the glass pipe and the smaller black pipe. A heat transfer fluid is caused to flow through the annulus in direct contact with the hot black absorbing surface. A maximum heat transfer efficiency is thus achieved. 5. A hydraulic tracking mechanism which utilizes three vertically oriented hydraulic cylinders mounted around the support pedestal at 120.degree. intervals to control the orientation of the collector/receiver assembly towards the sun. The collector/receiver assembly is supported by these hydraulic cylinders. The extension or retraction of these hydraulic positioning cylinders causes the collector to always face the sun. 6. The mechanism of claim 1 further comprising a plurality of solenoid valves which control retraction or extension of the positioning cylinders to maintain the orientation of the collector towards the sun. Automated means is provided to control the movement of the collector in response to the suns movement across the sky. 