An air conditioning system for a start-stop vehicle employs a compressor with a variable displacement. A controller determines a normal Climate Thermal Load (CTL) value for controlling a variable stroke of the variable displacement compressor. A stop event is detected in response to a speed of the vehicle and the occurrence of a predetermined deceleration. During the stop event, the variable stroke is increased by an amount determined in response to the normal CTL value, the speed of the vehicle, and a measure of the deceleration of the vehicle so that an evaporator temperature within the air conditioning system is allowed to decrease while the vehicle is stopping so that climate comfort can be maintained even while the engine is shut off during the subsequent time that the vehicle is stopped.
Claims 1. A vehicular air conditioning system for a vehicle having a start-stop technology, comprising: an evaporator; an evaporator temperature sensor for generating an evaporator temperature signal according to a temperature of the evaporator; an exterior temperature sensor for generating an exterior temperature signal according to a temperature outside of the vehicle; an occupant control element for setting an occupant demand signal; a variable displacement compressor driven by the engine and having a variable stroke for generating a variable amount of cooling of the evaporator in response to a stroke control signal; a vehicle speed sensor generating a speed signal according to an instantaneous speed of the vehicle; and a controller receiving the evaporator temperature signal and the speed signal, the controller 1) determining a Climate Thermal Load (CTL) value in response to the exterior temperature signal and the occupant demand signal, 2) determining an evaporator target temperature in response to the CTL value, 3) varying the variable stroke to keep the evaporator temperature signal near the evaporator target temperature, 4) detecting a stop event of the vehicle in response to the speed signal being less than or equal to a threshold speed and the occurrence of a deceleration, 5) during the stop event, determining the evaporator target temperature in response to a modified CTL value determined in response to the CTL value, the speed signal, and a magnitude of the deceleration. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein the adjustment to the CTL value is further determined in response to a blower speed in the vehicular air conditioning system. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein the controller maintains an estimated stopping duration, and wherein the adjustment to the CTL value is further determined in response to the estimated stopping duration. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein the controller includes a lookup table for relating the speed signal and the magnitude of deceleration to corresponding values of the adjustment. 5. The system of claim 1 further comprising a brake pedal in the vehicle, wherein the occurrence of a deceleration is detected in response to a predetermined action of the brake pedal of the vehicle. 6. The system of claim 5 wherein the brake pedal can be depressed through a range of brake angles, and wherein the predetermined action is a depression of the brake pedal to a predetermined brake angle. 7. The system of claim 5 wherein the brake pedal can be depressed through a range of brake angles, and wherein the predetermined action is a predetermined rate of change of the brake angle. 8. The system of claim 1 wherein the occurrence of a deceleration is detected in response to a predetermined drop in the speed signal. 9. The system of claim 8 wherein the predetermined drop in the speed signal is comprised of a deceleration of the vehicle being greater than a threshold deceleration as determined from the speed signal. 10. The system of claim 1 further comprising an internal temperature sensor for generating an internal temperature signal according to a temperature inside the vehicle, wherein the CTL value is further determined in response to the internal temperature signal. 11. The system of claim 1 further comprising a sunload sensor for generating a sunload signal according to a solar radiation level impinging on the vehicle, wherein the CTL value is further determined in response to the sunload signal. 12. A method of controlling a variable stroke for a variable displacement compressor in an air conditioning system of a vehicle having start-stop technology, the method comprising the steps of: sensing an evaporator temperature of an evaporator of the air conditioning system; sensing an exterior temperature outside of the vehicle; setting an occupant demand for the air conditioning system; is sensing an instantaneous speed of the vehicle; determining a Climate Thermal Load (CTL) value in response to the exterior temperature and the occupant demand; determining an evaporator target temperature in response to the CTL value; varying the variable stroke to keep the evaporator temperature near the evaporator target temperature; detecting a stop event of the vehicle in response to the instantaneous speed signal being less than or equal to a threshold speed and the occurrence of a deceleration; during the stop event, determining the evaporator target temperature in response to a modified CTL value determined in response to the CTL value, the instantaneous speed, and a magnitude of the deceleration. 13. The method of claim 12 further comprising the step of: determining a blower speed of a blower within the air conditioning system; wherein the adjustment to the CTL value is further determined in response to the blower speed. 14. The method of claim 12 further comprising the step of: estimating a stopping duration during which the engine may be stopped; wherein the adjustment to the CTL value is further determined in response to the estimated stopping duration. 15. The method of claim 12 wherein the step of determining the modified CTL value includes accessing a lookup table relating the instantaneous speed and the magnitude of deceleration to corresponding values of the adjustment. 16. The method of claim 12 further comprising the step of: monitoring a brake pedal in the vehicle, wherein the occurrence of a deceleration is detected in response to a predetermined action of the brake pedal. 17. The method of claim 12 wherein the occurrence of a deceleration is detected in response to a predetermined drop in the instantaneous speed. 18. The method of claim 12 further comprising the step of: sensing an internal temperature inside the vehicle; wherein the CTL value is further determined in response to the internal temperature. 19. The method of claim 12 further comprising the step of: sensing a sunload according to a solar radiation level impinging on the vehicle; wherein the CTL value is further determined in response to the sunload. 20. A start-stop vehicle comprising: a compressor with variable displacement; a controller for 1) determining a normal CTL value for controlling the variable displacement, 2) detecting a stop event in response to a speed of the vehicle, 3) during the stop event, increasing the variable displacement by an amount determined in response to the normal CTL value, the speed of the vehicle, and a measure of the deceleration of the vehicle. 