A module for use in stacking plate panels, having: a supporting portion a load transmitting portion, connected to the outside of a supporting portion and a portion for positioning the plate panels horizontally, wherein the load transmitting portion includes receiving surfaces formed on the upper and lower portions of the module, and when the releasing surface of one module is mounted on the receiving surface of a second module, upon stacking the upper module on the lower module, the positioning portion has and upper engaging portion attached to an edge of the receiving surface, and limits a relative movement of the upper module to the lower module, and a lower engaging portion attached to the edge on the same side as the releasing surface on which the upper engaging portion is formed to offset the upper engaging portion, and limits a relative movement of the upper and lower modules.
Claims 1. A module for use in stacking thin plate panels, comprising: a supporting portion for supporting thin plate panels from below; a load transmitting portion, connected to the supporting portion on the outside thereof, for transmitting the weight of the thin plate panels supported by the supporting portion in a longitudinal direction; and a positioning portion for positioning the thin plate panels in the horizontal direction, wherein the load transmitting portion includes a load receiving surface formed on the upper portion of the module and a load releasing surface formed on the lower portion of the module, and in a mode in which the load releasing surface of an upper module is mounted on the load receiving surface of a lower module, upon stacking the upper module on the lower module, the positioning portion is provided with an upper engaging portion that is attached to an inner edge or an outer edge of the load receiving surface, and limits a relative movement of the upper module to the lower module, and a lower engaging portion that is attached to the edge on the same side as the side of the load releasing surface on which the upper engaging portion is formed in such a manner as to offset from the upper engaging portion in the horizontal direction, and limits a relative movement of the upper module to the lower module. 2. The module for use in stacking thin plate panels according to claim 1, wherein the supporting portion has an upper plate member, a lower plate member, and a longitudinal wall that connects an outer edge of the upper plate member and an outer edge of the lower plate member in such a manner as to form a substantially U-shaped cross section together with the upper plate member and the lower plate member so that by inserting thin plate panels through an opening of the U-shaped cross section between the lower plate member and the upper plate member, a sandwiched supporting process is carried out, the load transmitting portion is provided with load transmitting surfaces formed on the longitudinal wall, and the load receiving surface is formed on the upper portion of the longitudinal wall, and the load releasing surface is formed on the lower portion of the longitudinal wall. 3. The module for use in stacking thin plate panels according to claim 1, wherein the upper engaging portion and the lower engaging portion are respectively formed on inner edges of the load receiving surface and the load releasing surface so that the upper engaging portion limits the upper module from relatively shifting inward to the lower module, while the lower engaging portion limits the upper module from relatively shifting outward to the lower module. 4. The module for use in stacking thin plate panels according to claim 1, wherein the upper engaging portion and the lower engaging portion are respectively formed on outer edges of the load receiving surface and the load releasing surface so that the upper engaging portion limits the upper module from relatively shifting outward to the lower module, while the lower engaging portion limits the upper module from relatively shifting inward to the lower module. 5. The module for use in stacking thin plate panels according to claim 2, wherein the load releasing surface is formed on a lower surface of the longitudinal wall and the load receiving surface is formed on an upper surface of the longitudinal wall, the longitudinal wall having a solid structure. 6. The module for use in stacking thin plate panels according to claim 3, wherein the upper engaging portion includes a slanting portion that slants from the load receiving surface upward in a manner so as to leave the inner edge of the load receiving surface inward. 7. The module for use in stacking thin plate panels according to claim 3, wherein the lower engaging portion includes a slanting portion that slants from the load releasing surface downward in a manner so as to leave the inner edge of the load releasing surface inward. 8. The module for use in stacking thin plate panels according to claim 6, wherein the slanting portion has a slanting angle in a range from 20 degrees to 70 degrees relative to the vertical straight line. 9. The module for use in stacking thin plate panels according to claim 7, wherein the slanting portion has a slanting angle in a range from 20 degrees to 70 degrees relative to the vertical straight line. 10. The module for use in stacking thin plate panels according to claim 2, wherein the upper engaging portion and the lower engaging portion cooperate with each other so as to cover substantially the entire inner edge or outer edge of the longitudinal wall. 11. The module for use in stacking thin plate panels according to claim 6, wherein the longitudinal wall has an L shape on the horizontal cross section thereof, and at least one upper engaging portion is formed on each of the respective sides of intersecting portions of the L-shaped load receiving surface, and at least one lower engaging portion is formed on each of the respective sides of the intersecting portions of the L-shaped load releasing surface. 12. The module for use in stacking thin plate panels according to claim 11, wherein the upper engaging portion is formed on a closer side to each intersecting portion of the L-shaped load receiving surface, and the lower engaging portion is formed on a far side from each intersecting portion of the L-shaped load releasing surface. 13. The module for use in stacking thin plate panels according to any one of claims 1, wherein the thin plate panel is a solar light panel having a rectangular shape. 14. The module for use in stacking thin plate panels according to any one of claims 1, wherein the module is made of resin, and integrally molded. 15. A method for stacking thin plate panels, comprising the steps of: preparing a module including a supporting portion for supporting corner portions of thin plate panels from below, a load transmitting portion, connected to the supporting portion and provided with load transmitting surfaces on respective upper and lower portions, for transmitting the weight of the thin plate panels in a longitudinal direction, and a positioning portion for positioning the thin plate panels in the horizontal direction by using an engaging portion formed on an edge of each of the load transmitting surfaces; and sequentially stacking a plurality of thin plate panels in a manner so as to stack the modules in a pillar shape in a longitudinal direction, with each of the thin plate panels being allowed to transmit the weight thereof in a longitudinal direction through the load transmitting portion at each of the corner portions, wherein the stacking step further comprises the step of positioning the upper thin plate panel in the horizontal direction relative to the lower thin plate, by limiting a relative movement of the upper module to the lower module in the horizontal direction by using the engaging portion between the longitudinally adjacent modules at each of the corner portions. 16. The method for stacking thin plate panels according to claim 15, comprising the steps of: preparing the supporting portion that further includes an upper plate member, a lower plate member, and a longitudinal wall that connects an outer edge of the upper plate member and an outer edge of the lower plate member in a manner so as to form a substantially U-shaped cross section together with the upper plate member and the lower plate member; and prior to the stacking step, fitting the module to the respective four corners of a plurality of thin plate panels in parallel with the thin plate panels to be stacked, wherein the fitting step further comprises the step of inserting the thin plate panels between the lower plate member and the upper plate member so as to be sandwiched and supported therein from an opening portion of the U-shaped cross section, and the stacking step further comprises the step of successively stacking the thin plate panels in a manner so as to stack the modules in a pillar shape in a longitudinal direction, with each of the thin plate panels being allowed to transmit the weight thereof in a longitudinal direction through the load transmitting portion at each of the four corner portions, with respect to the thin plate panels whose four corners are fitted to the module. 17. The method for stacking thin plate panels according to claim 15, comprising the steps of: preparing the load transmitting surfaces that include a lead receiving surface formed on an upper portion of the longitudinal wall and a load releasing surface formed on a lower portion of the longitudinal wall; and preparing the engaging portions that include an upper engaging portion that is attached to an inner edge or an outer edge of the load receiving surface and limits the upper module from shifting relative to the lower module and a lower engaging portion that is attached to the edge on the same side as the side of the load releasing surface on which the upper engaging portion is formed in such a manner as to offset from the upper engaging portion in the horizontal direction, and limits the upper module from shifting relative to the lower module, wherein upon mounting the load releasing surface of the upper module on the load receiving surface of the lower module, at the respective corner portions, the positioning step is carried out by engaging the lower engaging portion of the upper module with the inner edge or outer edge of the load receiving surface of the lower module, and engaging the upper engaging portion of the lower module with the inner edge or outer edge of the load releasing surface of the upper module. 18. The method for stacking thin plate panels according to claim 17, comprising the steps of: preparing the upper engaging portion that has a slanting portion that slants from the load receiving surface upward in a manner so as to leave the inner edge of the load receiving surface inward; and preparing the lower engaging portion that has a slanting portion that slants from the load releasing surface downward in a manner so as to leave the inner edge of the load releasing surface inward, wherein the stacking step is carried out by stacking the upper module on the lower module, with the slanting portion of the upper engaging portion and/or the lower engaging portion being used as a guide surface. 19. The module for use in stacking thin plate panels according to claim 2, wherein the upper plate member is formed right below the lower end of the upper engaging portion, and the lower plate member is formed right above the upper end of the lower engaging portion, and the thin plate panel is prepared as a panel, with no frame being formed on the peripheral edge thereof, so that each of four corners of the panel is directly sandwiched and supported by the modules. 20. The module for use in stacking thin plate panels according to claim 2, wherein the supporting portion is prepared as a plate member having a supporting surface on the upper surface thereof, and the thin plate panel, prepared as a panel with a frame formed on the peripheral edge thereof, is mounted in a manner so as to come in contact with the inner surface of the longitudinal wall, with each of four corners of the panel in contact with the inner surface of the supporting surface with the frame interposed therebetween. 21. The module for use in stacking thin plate panels according to claim 12, wherein the upper engaging portions, each placed on a side closer to the intersecting portion of the L-shaped load receiving surface, are continuously formed with each intersecting portion sandwiched therebetween. 22. The module for use in stacking thin plate panels according to claim 6, wherein the upper engaging portions and the lower engaging portions are alternately placed on the respective sides of the intersecting portions of the L-shaped load receiving surface. 23. The module for use in stacking thin plate panels according to claim 13, wherein each of the load receiving surface and the load releasing surface has a width of 15 mm or less. 