The organic material in a landfill's incoming solid waste is converted into a useful biogas (methane). A bio vapor stimulation system comprises components for mixing bacteria and nutrients and for growing bacteria, as well as process sensors, and a delivery system to provide an appropriate balance of: (1) anaerobic bacteria, (2) nutrients, and (3) humidification. Measurements of landfill site conditions, landfill gas, landfill gas condensate for temperature, pH, alkalinity, COD/BOD and gas composition, oxidation-reduction potential (ORP), volatile acid concentration, and/or other parameters are used as process control inputs. Based upon these measured indicators of the health and status of the anaerobic bacteria community within the site, various process changes may be administered such as bacteria composition, additives, nutrient composition and quantity, and temperature and ph of the liquid being fed into a carrier gas for site humidification, thereby facilitating a more efficient conversion of organic waste into biogas.
Claims 1. A bio vapor stimulation process for introducing a bio vapor into a biomass at a waste site, comprising the steps: selecting at least two types of bacteria and corresponding nutrients for each; adding the selected bacteria and nutrients into an aqueous mixing chamber to form a bio-nutrient mixture of bacteria and nutrient; transferring the bio-nutrient mixture of bacteria and nutrient into a temperature controlled tank; growing the selected bacteria in the temperature controlled holding tank; filtrating of bacteria from growth chamber effluent; transporting a bio-nutrient mixture of filtered bacteria and nutrient from the holding tank to an injector via a transfer pump; injecting the bio-nutrient mixture into the biomass in the vicinity of the injector; monitoring the landfill site biomass in the vicinity of the injector for temperature and moisture; testing extraction well condensate in the vicinity of injector for chemical and biologic parameters; and adjusting process ingredients and process variables to maintain the temperature, moisture and other parameters within a desired range. 2. The bio vapor stimulation process of claim 1 further comprising the step of adding one or more of the following to the bio-nutrient mixture: alkalinity, pure bacteria families, ph additives, and CO2 sequestrian agents. 3. The bio vapor stimulation process of claim 1 further comprising the step of using a heated carrier gas for humidification with subsequent condensation of the bio-nutrient bacteria within the biomass upon cooling of the carrier gas. 4. The bio vapor stimulation process of claim 1 further comprising the step of using thermal sensors within the biomass to determine existing predominant anaerobic bacteria communities for subsequent bacteria families selection to be introduced into bio-vapor stimulation process, as well as to determine vapor condensation temperatures, resulting in the carrier gas temperature for biomass humidification. 5. The bio vapor stimulation process of claim 1, wherein Biologic measurements (COD, BOD) and chemical measurements (ph, N, P) are used as process control variables to adjust nutrients feed, micro-nutrient additive, alkalinity adjustments, temperature control, and bacteria formulations. 6. The bio vapor stimulation process of claim 1 wherein pure bacteria family strains (spores) are activated in the mixing and growing tanks and subsequently humidified into the biomass thereby being more efficient at anaerobically converting the biomass into methane than the site's mutated or wild bacteria. 7. The bio vapor stimulation process of claim 1 wherein the carrier gas, carbon dioxide (plus varying percentages of methane), is sequestered via conversion to methane. 8. The bio vapor stimulation process of claim 1 wherein the carrier gas, carbon dioxide (plus varying percentages of methane) also facilitates the conversion of biomass via anaerobic bacteria by reducing the partial pressure of hydrogen within the biomass allowing the bacteria to operate more efficiently at digesting the carbon in the site. 9. The bio vapor stimulation process of claim 1 wherein special families of bacteria are added to the bio-nutrient solution to perform specific biomass conversion functions such as the elimination of hydrogen sulfide or the digestion of lignin within the biomass. 10. The bio vapor stimulation process of claim 1 wherein the bio-nutrient solution is heated in one or more stages to within 5.degree. F. to 20.degree. F. of the injection temperature to maximize the survival of the bacteria families entering the biomass via vapor injection. 11. The bio vapor stimulation process of claim 1 wherein the injection temperature into the biomass is modified by the ratio of carrier gas to bio-nutrient solution due to the change in partial pressure of the mixture caused by the change n the ratio of carrier gas to bio-nutrient solution. 12. The bio vapor stimulation process of claim 1 wherein the carrier gas is heated in a central area via a process heater, solar energy, waste heat, electric heater, or other means or at the injector via a process heater (gas fired, electric heater, solar heater) on top of the injector. 13. The bio vapor stimulation process of claim 1 wherein the injection temperature of the bio-nutrient mixture is controlled by measuring the carrier gas temperature and the humidified gas temperature after the carrier gas has been mixed with the bio-nutrient solution. 14. The bio vapor stimulation process of claim 1 wherein injection temperature, carrier gas temperature, thermal sensor, moisture sensors, and other process-control signals are transmitted via radio waves (cell phones) or other methods to the process controller for process control modifications. 15. The bio vapor stimulation process of claim 1 wherein process monitoring equipment of thermal sensors, moisture sensors, temperature, carrier gas bio-nutrient ratio, etc., provide inputs into a 3-D model of the biomass area being converted to biogas to ensure process humidification containment and monitor the process conversion's efficiency such that no hydraulic column is formed. 16. The bio vapor stimulation process of claim 1 wherein process signal and the biologic measurement of COD, BOD, ph, etc., is used as inputs to modify (1) bacteria families, (2) nutrients, (3) micro-nutrients, (4) carrier gas temperature, (5) ratio of carrier gas to bio-nutrient solution, and (6) bacteria mixing tank and bacteria growing temperature, etc., 17. The bio vapor stimulation process of claim 1 wherein bio-nutrient solution is introduced into the carrier gas in the injector via one or more atomizing nozzles to ensure rapid vaporization. 18. The bio vapor stimulation process of claim 1 wherein a family of injector and collector wells is placed into the biomass matrix at approximately 100 foot centers. Via a piping modification on the biomass site, the injector wells can become collector wells and the collector wells can become injector wells thus providing a more thorough mixing of the bio-nutrient solution in the carrier gas with the biomass. 19. The bio vapor stimulation process of claim 1 wherein the injectors inject the mixture of carrier gas and bio-nutrient mixture by means of injector wells constructed of steel with a vertical pattern of 3'' long.times.1/8'' width slots extending through the bottom two-thirds of the well length and with small sections of pipe with circular holes to facilitate the vapor injection pattern into the biomass matrix. 20. The bio vapor stimulation process of claim 1 wherein a hole pattern in the injectors is slotted to be area specific, to accommodate the injection of temperature predominant bacteria species into a specific area. 21. The bio vapor stimulation process of claim 1 wherein a swirl vane is added at the top of the injector to put a spin on the injector vapor, resulting in a different trajectory on the carrier gas as it exits the injector slots which will also aide in the mixing of the carrier gas and bio-nutrient solution into the biomass matrix. 22. The bio vapor stimulation process of claim 1 wherein at least three thermal sensors are be placed inside injector pipes to measure the biomass matrix temperature at various depth. 23. The bio vapor stimulation process of claim 1 wherein a small amount of dirt is put at the bottom of monitoring wells having a depth is at least 10 to 20 feet below the injector wells into which a moisture sensor is placed to ensure that the process is not creating a hydraulic column, and which are slotted only in the bottom one to two feet. 24. The bio vapor stimulation process of claim 1, further comprising the steps: pressurizing a carrier gas; adding heat to the carrier gas; and mixing the heated carrier gas with the bio-nutrient mixture in the injector. 25. The bio vapor stimulation process of claim 1, wherein: the chemical and biologic parameters include pH, chemical oxygen demand (COD), and biologic oxygen demand (BOD). 26. The bio vapor stimulation process of claim 7, wherein the conversion to methane is performed by anaerobic bacteria. 