A method of producing a dye solar cell photovoltaic device. The method comprises the steps of providing a transparent envelope, with at least a portion of the envelope having a curved profile; and forming a dye solar cell voltaic element by depositing a plurality of layers of film on an inside surface of the envelope and thereby defining a space within the photovoltaic element.
Claims 1-52. (canceled) 53. A method of producing a dye solar cell photovoltaic device, the method comprising the steps of: providing a transparent envelope, with at least a portion of the envelope having a curved profile; and forming a dye solar cell voltaic element by depositing a plurality of layers of film on an inside surface of the envelope and thereby defining a space within the photovoltaic element. 54. The method according to claim 53, further comprising the steps of forming a dome shape with the envelope; and containing the device within the dome. 55. The method according to claim 54, further comprising the steps of mounting the dome on a substrate; and forming a base of the dome with the substrate. 56. The method according to claim 53, further comprising the step of forming the curved shape profile of the envelope into a shape having a radius less than 30 mm. 57. The method according to claim 53, further comprising the steps mounting an electronic apparatus within the curved profile of the envelope; electronically connecting the electronic apparatus to the photovoltaic element; and arranging the photovoltaic element to provide electric power to the electronic apparatus. 58. The method according to claim 57, further comprising the steps of including a transmitter as part of the electronic apparatus for transmitting information. 59. The method according to claim 58, further comprising the steps of forming an antenna by a conductive region of the envelope; and connecting the antenna to the transmitter. 60. The method according to claim 58, further comprising the steps of connecting an antenna to the transmitter; including, as part of the antenna, a conductive member extending outwardly from the envelope. 61. The method according to claim 53, further comprising the step of providing an energy storage device. 62. The method according to claim 61, further comprising the step of forming at least one thin layer proximate the plurality of layers of film of the photovoltaic element, with the at least one thin layer functioning as the energy storage device. 63. The method according to claim 53, further comprising the step of providing a sensor. 64. The method according to claim 63, further comprising the step of extending the sensor outwardly from the envelope; and forming the curved profile of the envelope such that it has a radius of less than 10 mm. 65. The method according to claim 53, further comprising the steps of forming the photovoltaic device as a mote; arranging the mote arranged to provide information about an environment. 66. The method according claim 65, further comprising the step of enclosing the photovoltaic device is enclosed with a resilient cover. 67. The method according to claim 65, further comprising the step of forming the outer shape of the photovoltaic device such that the outer shape is aerodynamic. 68. The method according to claim 65, further comprising the step of providing means for orienting the photovoltaic device. 69. The method according to claim 68, further comprising the step of selecting the orienting means such that the orienting means includes a predetermined center of gravity of the photovoltaic device. 70. The method according to claim 69, further comprising the step of selecting the orienting means such that the orienting means includes a projection projecting outwardly of the photovoltaic device. 71. The method according to claim 68, further comprising the step of selecting the orienting means such that the orienting means includes an adhesive portion on an outer surface of the photovoltaic device. 72. The method according to claim 53, further including the steps of mounting the device on a substrate; and electrically connecting the device to the substrate. 73. A method of producing a dye solar cell photovoltaic device, the method comprising: a element including a plurality of layers of film; providing an envelope with at least a portion of the envelope having a curved profile; forming a dye solar cell voltaic element on an inwardly facing surface of the envelope; comprising the dye solar cell voltaic element out of a plurality of layers of film; mounting the device on a substrate; electrically connecting the device to the substrate; forming a channel through the envelope to a conductive layer of the device and connecting the conductive layer to the substrate via a conductor. 74. The method according to claim 73, further comprising the steps of including a grid of conductors in the substrate; and electrically connecting the photovoltaic device to the grid. 75. The method according to claim 72, further comprising the steps of including a depression in the substrate, and mounting the photovoltaic device within the depression. 76. The method according to claim 72, further comprising the step of including reflective means as part of the substrate to reflect radiation incident on the substrate towards the photovoltaic device. 77. The method according to claim 53, further comprising the step of comprising an internal electrode of the voltaic element out of carbon; and forming the envelope such that the curved profile has a radius of curvature of less than 5 mm. 78. The method according to claim 53, further comprising the steps of comprising storing a reservoir of electrolyte in the device; and providing an electrolyte supply from the reservoir of electrolyte to an electrolyte layer of the voltaic element. 79. The method according to claim 53, further including the step of providing a resilient material within the device to secure elements of the device and provide mechanical rigidity. 80. The method according to claim 53 and further comprising the step of accommodating one of an electronic block and a conductive pin within the space. 