A system for sensing, analyzing and reporting a collision event experienced by a person or object sensor module designed to a person or object, module angular velocities over time and a processor for analyzing the sensed velocities, calculating properties of angular velocities, such as jerk and jolt, comparing these properties with threshold values selected to correlate to predicted severities of injury to the person or object, transmitting information regarding these properties to communication device user-designated persons. Also provided are group tracking and communication devices for use by monitors to manage multiple persons equipped with sensor modules. The sensor modules and group tracking and communication devices are designed to be portable, attachable and detachable so that they can be attached to different types of gear used by persons engaging in different activities.
Claims 1. A system for sensing, analyzing and reporting a collision event of a person or object with another person, or object, said system comprising: a sensor module consisting of at least one sensor operationally connected to one or more persons or objects and capable of sensing angular velocity of said person or object over time as a result of said collision event and of producing first signals comprising information representing properties of said angular velocity over time; a sensor module processor in signal communication with said sensor module via a first receiver and programmed to analyze said information and compare it to one or more threshold values indicative of said collision event's severity, to produce a second signal comprising data representing the results of said comparison(s); a group tracking and communication device with a second receiver for receipt of said second signals and which is attached to one or more people or objects and is programmed to send third signals to one or more receivers, and; a mobile communication device capable of receiving said third signals and transmitting messages. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein said sensor module comprises one or more elements selected from the group consisting of: gyroscopes, 3-axis accelerometers, MEMS (microelectric mechanical systems), piezoelectric accelerometers, force or strain gauges or transducers, and force-sensing textiles. 3. The system of claim 1 also comprising components capable of analyzing and reporting information selected from the group consisting of consisting of climatic data, biometric parameter data, the presence or levels of nerve agents, poisonous gases, bioweapons, oxygen, and sonic, percussive and/or concussive results of explosions. 4. The system of any of claim 1 also comprising a user interface capable of producing a perceptible audible, visible, or tactile stimulus to the user in response to a signal received by a receiver at said user interface. 5. The system of any of claim 1 wherein said sensor module processor is equipped with a low energy communication component for receipt and transmittal of signals. 6. The system of claim 1 where the low energy communication component is Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) component. 7. The system of claim 1 wherein the low energy communication component also comprises a converter for converting the BLE signal to a classic Bluetooth signal for further transmission. 8. The system of any of claim 1 said sensor module measures angular velocity, and/or G-forces in 3 axes and calculates at least one of angular acceleration, angular deceleration, jerk and jolt. 9. The system of any of claim 1 wherein the sensor module is removably attachable to said person or an item of said person's clothing, equipment or accessories. 10. The system of any of claim 1 comprising an encryption component for encrypting signals prior to transmission. 11. The system of any of claim 1 wherein said group tracking and communication device comprises at least one wireless transmitter capable of broadcasting low frequency or broadband signals, a processor, and a RAM data storage module. 12. The system of any of claim 1 wherein said sensor module comprises at least one gyroscope and said sensor module is positioned relative to said person such that the axis of rotation of said gyroscope is vertical when the person is standing with his or her head normally aligned. 13. The system of any of claim 1 wherein the sensor module comprises sensors for measuring one or more biological parameters selected from the group consisting of: heart rate, brain waves, blood pressure, and temperature. 14. The system of any of claim 1 wherein said sensor module comprises two or three gyroscopes with axes orthogonally positioned with respect to each other. 15. The system of any of claim 1 wherein said sensor module is insensitive to velocities resulting from normal movement of said object or person. 16. The system of any of claim 1 wherein said sensor module also comprises a component capable of detecting directional linear collision forces. 17. The system of any of claim 1 wherein said sensor also comprises a component capable of detecting the integrity of contact between the sensor module and the person or object to which it is attached. 18. The system of any of claim 1 wherein said sensor module is positioned adjacent to or atop said person's head for detecting angular velocity of the head during normal movement and head collision. 19. The system of any of claim 1 wherein said sensor module is positioned adjacent to a spring positioned at the inside top of a helmet, such that in use said spring pushes said sensor module against the head of a wearer of said helmet. 20. The system of any of claim 1 wherein said sensor module is housed directly within a material with approximate density similar to brain density in the range of 0.95 g/mL to 1.15 g/mL. 21. The system of any of claim 1 wherein said sensor module is attached to or integral with an accessory carried or worn by said person. 22. The system of claim any of claim 1 wherein said group tracking and communication device is attached to or integral with an object designed to be easily carried about or attached to a person. 23. The system of any of claim 1 wherein said sensor module is removably attached to the person or an accessory worn or carried by a person and is capable of being removably attached to another person or accessory. 24. The system of any of claim 1 wherein said sensor processing unit comprises a signal-conditioning device for filtering and conditioning signals from sensor. 25. The system of claim 1 wherein said signal-conditioning device filters low frequency signals and converts them from analog to digital or digital to analog. 26. The system of claim 1 wherein said signal-conditioning device comprises a band pass filter to allow selected signals to be transmitted. 27. The system of any of claim 1 wherein said sensor processor comprises a differentiator for determining a plurality of time derivatives of accumulated angular velocity signals from a gyroscope over a predetermined period of time. 28. The system of claim 1 wherein said time derivatives are selected from the group consisting of angular acceleration, angular jerk, and angular jolt. 29. The system of claim 1 further comprising an integrator for integrating said time derivatives over a predetermined period of time. 30. The system of any of claim 1 also comprising a power supply connected to said sensor module. 31. The system of claim 1 wherein said power supply is selected from the group consisting of photovoltaic cells, charging pads, contact charger adaptors and converters. 32. The system of any of claim 1 wherein said sensor module comprises a wake-up module that begins functioning when movement is detected. 33. The system of any of claim 1 wherein said sensor module produces a burst data stream. 34. The system of any of any of claim 1 also comprising an electronic storage unit operationally connected to said sensor module processor, said electronic storage unit being capable of receiving, storing and transmitting information from said first and second signals to and from said sensor module processor. 35. The system of claim 1 wherein said electronic storage unit comprises a flash or RAM memory device or a micro SD card. 36. The system of any of claim 1 wherein said first receiver comprises a component selected from the group consisting of portable communication devices, processors, and internet terminals. 37. The system of claim 1 wherein said processor is selected from the group consisting of notebook computers, tablet computers, and personal digital assistants. 38. The system of any of claim 1 wherein said group tracking and communication device comprises or is operationally connected to a position reporting unit capable of generating a signal representing the location of said device and/or said sensor module. 39. The system of any of claim 1 wherein said group tracking and communication device comprises an interface for direct connection to the Internet. 40. The system of any of claim 1 wherein said group tracking and communication device is a cellular telephone. 41. The system of claim 1 wherein said cellular telephone comprises a global positioning system. 42. The system of claim 1 wherein said cellular telephone is in operational connection with a positioning satellite network. 43. The system of claim 1 wherein said cellular telephone is in operational connection with a portable satellite communication device (SPOT). 44. The system of claim 1 wherein said SPOT is capable of sending signals to a communication satellite. 45. The system of any of claims 1 wherein said group tracking and communication device is capable of sending to and receiving signals from a portable satellite communication device. 46. The system of any of claim 1 wherein said group tracking and communication device is capable of sending signals to and receiving signals from a cellular tower network, an internet terminal, or a receiving component of an internet cloud. 47. The system of any of claim 1 wherein said second signals comprise demographic information about the person connected to sensor module and information about properties of a collision event and/or another adverse condition. 48. The system of claim 1 comprising an internet-connected server capable of receiving said second signals and comprising information collected from other collision events and/or adverse situations involving the same and other persons. 49. The system of claim 1 wherein said demographic information comprises information selected from the group consisting of size, weight, head size, age, height, sex, income, political affiliation, net worth, race, ethnicity and lifestyle habits. 50. The system of claim 1 wherein said database also comprises stored information representing the type and severity of injuries sustained by persons as a result of experiencing previous collision events, and information representing properties of angular velocities over time during each said previous collision event. 51. The system of claim 50 wherein said internet-connected server comprises or is operationally connected with a prediction processor programmed to analyze data in said database and correlate properties of measured angular velocity over time with type and severity of injuries, and to generate prediction signals which predict the severity and type of injury that results from a subsequent collision event. 52. The system of claim 51 wherein said prediction processor comprises components capable of performing one or more functions selected from the group consisting of: receiving and storing data in a flash memory; determining global position via a GPS; and generating and transmitting signals. 53. The system of claim 52 wherein said prediction processor comprises one or more components selected from the group consisting of: broadband or low frequency wireless interfaces; antennae for direct-to-Internet communication; and software to determine if a collision event having measured properties exceeding said threshold values has occurred. 54. The system of any of claim 1 wherein said group tracking and communication device is attached to or integral with a device designed to be worn, clipped to or carried upon the person. 55. The system of any of claim 1 wherein said group tracking and communication device is in signal communication with one or more mobile communication devices comprising receivers capable of receiving signals from multiple sensor modules operationally connected to multiple persons or objects, and is capable of sending signals to multiple receivers. 56. The system of claim 55 wherein said receivers of said mobile communication devices are selected from the group consisting of: Internet connection devices; portable communication devices, and communication satellites. 57. The system of claim 55 wherein said mobile communication devices are cellular telephones. 58. The system of claim 55 wherein said mobile communication devices are programmed to send messages to entities selected from the group consisting of: third party emergency contact resources, rescue and/or emergency provider networks, and user-defined contacts. 59. The system of claim 58 wherein said messages are sent through communication devices selected from the group consisting of: cellular telephone towers and communication satellites. 60. The system of claim 59 wherein said sensor module and/or said prediction processor generates third and/or prediction signals carrying messages sent to communication satellites via portable satellite communication devices (SPOT. 61. The system of any of claim 60 wherein said messages generated from said third signals are selected from the group consisting of: (1) a message to the person connected to the sensor that they have been involved in a minor collision event which has been stored in their sensor device, and advising that based on the accumulated collision events they have experienced and making a recommendation as to whether or not they should seek medical attention; (2) a message to the person connected to the sensor that they have been involved in a moderate collision event and advising that and recommending that they see a doctor; (3) a message to a third party emergency contact resource that the person has been involved in a collision event of a specified severity and a message to the person advising that the emergency contact resource has been notified; (4) a message to a rescue and/or emergency provider network that the person has been involved in a collision event requiring emergency response and a message to the person that the rescue/emergency provider network has been notified; and (5) a message to the group tracking and communication device of a monitor that a person has involved in a collision event and making a recommendation as to whether or not the person should receive medical attention. 62. The system of any of claim 61 wherein said group tracking and communication device is in signal communication with a communication device capable of receiving signals from multiple sensor modules operationally connected to multiple persons or objects, and is capable of sending signals to multiple receivers. 63. The system of claim 36 wherein the group tracking and communication device is in signal communication via the Internet with a processor capable of cloud computing to process and accumulate information selected from the group consisting of demographic information, information on current and previous impact collisions, biological parameters and/or climatic information from single or multiple users, and information about the seriousness and type of previous impact collisions of said persons, and to calculate correlations between injury types and seriousness with the other information, and to predict the seriousness of injury caused by a current collision event from the collected information and correlations. 64. The sensor module of claim 1 operationally connected to a person or object capable of determining angular, and optionally direct velocity, of said person or object over time as a result of a collision event and of producing first signals comprising information representing properties of said angular velocity over time, wherein the sensor module comprises one or more components selected from the group consisting of gyroscopes, 3-axis accelerometers, processors, wireless transmitters and data storage buffers. 65. The sensor module processor of claim 1 in signal communication with a sensor module, wherein said processor is configured to analyze information about measured properties of a collision event received from said sensor module, and compare said information to one or more selected threshold values indicative of the severity of the collision event, and to produce signals comprising information representing the results of said comparisons. 66. The sensor module of claim 65 comprising firmware capable of analyzing and comparing said information and producing said signals. 67. The sensor module of claim 66 wherein said firmware comprises Bluetooth Low Energy to Classic Converter (BLEC) circuitry. 68. The sensor module of claim 66 wherein said firmware comprises Bluetooth Enabled Accelerometer (BEA) circuitry. 69. The sensor module of claim 66 having a size no larger than that of three quarters. 70. The sensor module of claim 66 configured with miniaturized electronic circuitry for converting Bluetooth Low Energy transmission to classic Bluetooth signal wherein said circuit is capable of being disposed on a component having a size no larger than a quarter. 71. The group tracking and communication device of claim 1 comprising a receiver for receiving signals from two or more sensor modules attached to two or more persons or objects, wherein said signals carry information about measured properties of a collision event occurring to said persons or objects, wherein said group tracking and communication device is programmed to send signals to one or more receivers. 72. The group tracking and communication device of claim 71 also comprising at least one wireless transmitter capable of broadcasting low frequency or broadband signals. 73. The group tracking and communication device of claim 71 also comprising a processor and RAM data storage unit. 74. The group tracking and communication device of claim 71 also Bluetooth Low Energy to Classic Converter (BLEC) circuitry. 75. The group tracking and communication device of claim 71 also comprising Bluetooth Enabled Accelerometer (BEA) circuitry. 76. The group tracking and communication device of claim 71 having a size no larger than a cylinder 25 mm in diameter and 6 mm in height. 77. The group tracking and communication device of claim 71 having a size no larger than a cylinder 10 mm in diameter and 2 mm in height. 78. A method of evaluating the severity of a collision event experienced by a person or object with another person or object, said method comprising: sensing angular velocities of said person or object over time as a result of said collision event; calculating jerk and/or jolt from said angular velocities over time; comparing said jerk or jolt with threshold values selected to correspond to one or more levels of severity of the collision event. 79. The method of claim 78 also comprising communicating the level of severity of the collision event to said person. 80. The method of claim 78 wherein said severity levels are determined adjusting the said jerk or jolt values by factors representative of the person or object's fragility. 81. The method of claim 80 wherein said factors comprise one or more factors selected from the group consisting of: the person or object's size, weight, presence and toughness of protective materials around the person or object, severity and type of collision events previously suffered by the person or object, biological parameters of the person, and severity and type of collision events suffered by other persons or objects having similar fragility factors. 82. The method of claim 78 wherein said levels of severity comprise: (1) severe enough to recommend seeking medical attention at a later time; severe enough to warrant calling for emergency medical treatment. 83. The method of claim 78 also comprising notifying one or more third parties of the occurrence and severity of the collision event. 84. The method of claim 83 wherein said third parties are selected from the group consisting of monitors comprising teachers, parents, military observers and/or coaches; emergency contact resources, rescue/emergency provider networks, and user-defined contacts. 85. The method of claim 78 also comprising determining the location of the person or object and notifying the person or third parties of said location. 86. The method of claim 83 also comprising determining the person's medical insurance and/or financial resources and providing the information to said third parties. 87. A method for predicting type and severity of an injury to a person or object caused by a particular collision event, said method comprising: setting threshold values for jerk and or jolt experienced by the person or object during a collision event that are likely to cause injury to said person or object, based on at least one fragility factor of the person or object, comparing and jerk and/or jolt forces on the person or object as a result of the particular collision event to said threshold values to predict the severity of said injury. 88. The method of claim 87 also comprising collecting and correlating jerk and/or jolt data from multiple persons or objects during collision events, fragility factors of said persons or objects, and levels of injury caused by said collision events to each person or object, and setting said threshold values based on said correlations. 89. An electronic storage device comprising a database comprising stored information comprising jerk and/or jolt data from multiple persons or objects during collision events, fragility factors of said persons or objects, and levels of injury caused by said collision events to each person or object. 90. The electronic storage device of claim 89 operationally connected to a processor programmed to correlate said jerk and/or jolt and fragility factor data with said levels of injury and predict the level of injury likely to be sustained by a person or object in a specific collision event. 91. A method of making a system for sensing, analyzing and reporting a collision event of a person or object with another person, or object, said system comprising: providing a sensor module consisting of at least one sensor capable of sensing angular velocity of said person or object over time as a result of said collision event and of producing first signals comprising information representing properties of said angular velocity over time; operationally connecting said sensor module to one or more persons or objects; establishing signal communication between said sensor module and a processor programmed to analyze said information and compare it to one or more threshold values indicative of said collision event's severity and to produce a signal comprising data representing the results of said comparison(s); establishing signal communication between said processor and a group tracking and communication device attached to one or more people or objects and programmed to send signals to one or more receivers, and; establishing signal communication between said group tracking and communication device capable of receiving the third signals and transmitting messages. 