The present disclosure relates to an improved method of providing a Ni silicide metal contact on a silicon surface by electrodepositing a Ni film on a silicon substrate. The improved method results in a controllable silicide formation wherein the silicide has a uniform thickness. The metal contacts may be incorporated in, for example, CMOS devices, MEM (micro-electro-mechanical) devices, and photovoltaic cells.
Claims 1. A method of forming a silicide, having a controllable, uniform thickness, on a silicon substrate comprising: (A) electrodepositing a Ni film on a silicon substrate, wherein the Ni film is electrodeposited from a saccharin-free plating bath comprising Ni sulfamate and boric acid; and (B) (brining a metallic silicide pattern by annealing the Ni film on the silicon substrate. 2. The method according to claim 1, wherein the annealing occurs at a temperature of about 250 degrees Celsius to about 400 degrees Celsius, and for a time of about 5 seconds to about 600 seconds. 3. The method according to claim 2, wherein the plating bath is maintained at a pH of about 2 to about 5, and a temperature of about 0 degrees Celsius to about 60 degrees Celsius, and a concentration of Ni sulfamate in plating bath is about 0.01 M to about 5 M. 4. The method according to claim 3, wherein the concentration of Ni sulfamate is about 0.1 M to about 2 M. 5. The method according to claim 1, wherein the Ni film is about 20 nanometers to about 500 nanometers thick. 6. The method according to claim 1, wherein the annealing further comprises monitoring the formation of the metallic silicide pattern, wherein monitoring comprises: (A) placing the silicon substrate in an oven having in situ stress measurement capability; (B) ramping a temperature in the oven from about room temperature to a higher temperature; and (C) measuring a bowing of the silicon substrate in situ during the ramping process. 7. The method according to claim 6, wherein the higher temperature is about 500 degrees Celsius, and the temperature is ramped from about room temperature to about 500 degrees Celsius at least two times. 8. A CMOS device, a micro-electro-mechanical (MEM) device, or a photovoltaic cell comprising a suicide formed by the method according claim 1. 9. A method of forming a silicide, having a controllable, uniform thickness, on a silicon substrate comprising: (A) texturing a front side of a doped silicon substrate; (B) forming a diode junction by diffusing a dopant opposite to a dopant of the doped silicon substrate on the front side of the silicon substrate; (C) depositing an anti-reflective coating on the oppositely-doped front side of the silicon substrate; (D) depositing a metallic layer on a back side of the silicon substrate and heating the metallic layer to form a back surface field; (E) patterning a mask over the anti-reflection coating; (F) etching out exposed regions of the anti-reflection coating; (G) electrodepositing a Ni film from a saccharin-free plating bath comprising Ni sulfamate and boric acid on the etched regions of the front side of the silicon substrate; (H) removing the mask: (I) annealing the Ni film to form a Ni silicide pattern on the from side of the silicon substrate; and (J) depositing a conductor layer on the Ni silicide pattern. 10. The method according to claim 9, wherein the annealing occurs at a temperature of about 250 degrees Celsius to about 400 degrees Celsius. 11. The method according to claim 10, wherein the Ni film is about 20 nanometers to about 500 nanometers thick. 12. The method according to claim 11, wherein the plating bath is maintained at a pH of about 2 to about 5, and a temperature of about 0 degrees Celsius to about 60 degrees Celsius, and a concentration of Ni sulfamate in the plating bath is about 0.01 M to about 5 M. 13. The method according to claim 12, wherein the concentration of Ni sulfamate is about 0.1 M to about 2 M. 14. The method according to claim 9, wherein the silicon substrate is doped with phosphorous, and annealing of the Ni film is done at about 300 degrees Celsius for approximately 10 minutes. 15. The method according to claim 9, wherein the conductor layer is deposited using an electrode position process. 16. The method according to claim 9, wherein the conductor layer comprises Cu, Ag, Au, Ni, Al, Co, Sn, Zn, or an alloy thereof. 17. The method according to claim 9, wherein the annealing further comprises monitoring the formation of the metallic silicide pattern, and wherein monitoring comprises: (A) placing the silicon substrate in an oven having in situ stress measurement capability; (B) ramping a temperature in the oven from about room temperature to a higher temperature; and (C) measuring a bowing of the silicon substrate in situ during the ramping process. 18. The method according to claim 17, wherein the higher temperature is about 500 degrees Celsius, and the temperature is ramped from about room temperature to about 500 degrees Celsius at least two times. 19. The method according to claim 9, further comprising controlling a thickness of the metallic silicide pattern by adjusting an annealing temperature and a length of time the front side metal film is annealed. 20. A CMOS device, a micro-electro-mechanical (MEM) device, or a photovoltaic cell comprising a silicide formed by the method according to claim 9. 