An attachment device for a module for collecting energy originating from solar radiation to a structure, such as a roof, a facade, or a mounting structure of a ground-mounted structure, wherein the module includes on its rear face at least one reinforcing profiled section. The attachment device includes at least one support secured to the structure. The support includes a snap-fastening mechanism with respect to the reinforcing profiled section of the module, which snap-fastening mechanism can be activated by applying a one-way thrust force pushing the module in the direction of the structure.
Claims 1-14. (canceled) 15. An attachment device for attaching a module for collecting energy originating from solar radiation to a structure, the module including on its rear face at least one reinforcing profiled section, the device comprising: at least one support secured to the structure, the support comprising snap-fastening means with respect to the reinforcing profiled section of the module, which snap-fastening means can be activated by applying a one-way thrust force pushing the module toward the structure. 16. An attachment device according to claim 15, wherein the structure is a roof, or a facade, or a mounting structure of a ground-mounted system. 17. An attachment device according to claim 15, wherein the support comprises, for locking the snap-fastening means in their activated state, elastic means for pushing the module away from the structure. 18. An attachment device according to claim 15, wherein the snap-fastening means comprises at least one tongue of the support configured to collaborate by snap-fastening with a notch of the reinforcing profiled section. 19. An attachment device according to claim 18, wherein the tongue defines a groove for accommodating an edge of the notch, this groove being open toward the structure. 20. An attachment device according to claim 19, comprising, as locking means for locking the snap-fastening means in their activated state, elastic thrust means for pushing the module away from the structure so as to keep the edge inside the groove. 21. An attachment device according to claim 20, wherein the reinforcing profiled section comprises an unlocking orifice which, when the snap-fastening means is in the activated state, faces the tongue, the snap-fastening means being configured to change from the activated state to a deactivated state under a combined effect of a thrust force pushing the module toward the structure against action of the elastic means and of a thrust force pushing the tongue away from the notch and applied through the unlocking orifice. 22. An attachment device according to claim 15, wherein the reinforcing profiled section comprises at least one part with a U-shaped cross section substantially complementing a U-shaped cross section of a part of the support, these U-shaped parts being engaged in one another when the snap-fastening means is in the activated state. 23. An attachment device according to claim 15, further comprising at least one peg secured to one of either the reinforcing profiled section or the support, the peg being configured to collaborate with an orifice in the other of either the reinforcing profiled section or the support to align the snap-fastening means of the support with respect to the reinforcing profile section. 24. An attachment device according to claim 15, wherein the support is a metal blank which has been cut and bent to form the snap-fastening means. 25. An attachment device according to claim 15, wherein the reinforcing profiled section is inwardly offset with respect to peripheral edges of the module. 26. An attachment device according to claim 15, wherein the reinforcing profiled section of the module is of elongate shape and is configured to collaborate by snap-fastening with a support at each of its ends. 27. An attachment device according to claim 15, wherein the module comprises at least two reinforcing profiled sections secured to its rear face and evenly distributed over the rear face. 28. An attachment device according to claim 15, wherein the module is a frameless photovoltaic module, which comprises a front substrate, a rear substrate, and at least one photovoltaic cell inserted between the front and rear substrates, the or each reinforcing profiled section being secured to a rear face of the rear substrate which is the opposite face to the photovoltaic cell. 29. A method of mounting at least one module for collecting energy originating from solar radiation on a structure, in which the module includes on its rear face at least one reinforcing profiled section, by an attachment device according to claim 15, the method comprising: securing at least one support to the structure; obtaining alignment of the snap-fastening means of the support with respect to the reinforcing profiled section; activating the snap-fastening means by applying a one-way thrust force pushing the module toward the structure. 30. A method according to claim 28, wherein the structure is a roof, or a facade, or a mounting structure of a ground-mounted system. 