A method of constructing a solar harvesting site includes positioning support risers for supporting numerous solar panel cartridges before any solar panel cartridges are mounted. Preferably, risers for the entire site are positioned consecutively in a continuous process. Solar panel cartridges, preferably with pre-mounted and pre-wired solar panels, are then mounted on the risers consecutively in a continuous process. Unique equipment to automate the method includes an anchor vehicle to position risers in a continuous manner and a carrier to automatically position cartridges onto the risers in a continuous manner.
Claims 1. A method of constructing a solar energy collection area, the area including a plurality of solar panels, the method comprising the steps of: a. positioning a first plurality of risers for supporting a first solar panel cartridge, b. positioning a second plurality of risers for supporting a second solar panel cartridge, c. mounting the first solar panel cartridge onto the first plurality of risers after the second plurality of risers is positioned. 2. The method of claim 1 further comprising the step of mounting the second solar panel cartridge onto the second plurality of risers. 3. The method of claim 2 wherein each of the first and second solar panel cartridges includes at least one solar panel, the method further comprising the step of electrically connecting the solar panels. 4. The method of claim 3 wherein at least one of the cartridges is comprised of a plurality solar panels, and wherein the method further comprises the step of electrically connecting the solar panels of the at least one cartridge to each other prior to mounting the at least one cartridge onto the risers. 5. The method of claim 2 wherein at least one of the first and second cartridges is mounted onto at least one of the first plurality of risers and onto at least one of the second plurality of risers. 6. The method of claim 1 wherein the first pluralities of risers are positioned in a first linear array and the second plurality of risers are positioned in a second linear array parallel to the first linear array. 7. The method of claim 6 further comprising the step of positioning a third plurality of risers in a third linear array parallel to the first and second linear arrays. 8. A method for construction a solar energy collection site, the method comprising: a. forming a solar panel cartridge, b. mounting a plurality of solar panels onto the solar panel cartridge, and c. delivering the solar panel cartridge to a solar collection site for mounting on a solar panel support. 9. The method of claim 8 further comprising the step of wiring the plurality of solar panels together prior to delivering the solar panel cartridge. 10. The method of claim 9 further comprising the step of securing the solar panel wires to the cartridge prior to delivering the solar panel cartridge. 11. The method of claim 8 further comprising the step of palletizing a plurality of solar panel cartridges prior to delivering the solar panel cartridge. 12. The method of claim 10 further comprising the step of palletizing a plurality of solar panel cartridges prior to delivering the solar panel cartridge. 13. A device for positioning solar panel support risers comprising: a frame configured for attachment to a vehicle, a drive for forcing a riser into the ground, a drive for orienting the device, whereby the riser can be positioned in a predetermined orientation. 14. The device of claim 13 further including a drive for rotating a riser as it is being positioned in the ground. 15. The device of claim 13 wherein the device may be rotated about three axes by the drive for orienting the device. 16. The device of claim 13 further including a gyroscope for providing data for the drive for orienting the device. 17. The device of claim 13 wherein the frame comprises a frame component for attaching the device to a vehicle, wherein the drive for orienting the device is configured to orient the device relative to the vehicle. 