An apparatus to deliver an alternating current (AC) power may include a controller having a processor and a memory. The apparatus may also include a plurality of power inverters in communication with the controller. Each power inverter may be configured to convert direct-current (DC) power into the (AC) power. Each of the plurality of power inverters may be configured to be controlled by the controller to generate AC power below at least one predetermined operating threshold. The plurality of power inverters may be configured to combine AC power generated by each of the plurality of power inverters, such that the combined AC power is delivered to a common AC load above the predetermined operating threshold. The apparatus may be arranged and operated according to a ratio of FMA=F.sub.r/N, where Fr=f.sub.s/f.sub.l, f.sub.s is the switching frequency of the plurality of power inverters, f.sub.l is the frequency of the common AC load, and N is the number of power inverters of the apparatus.
Claims 1. An apparatus to deliver an alternating current (AC) power, the apparatus comprising: a controller having a processor and a memory; and a plurality of power inverters in communication with the controller, each power inverter configured to convert direct-current (DC) power into the (AC) power, wherein each of the plurality of power inverters is configured to be controlled by the controller to generate AC power below at least one predetermined operating threshold, wherein the plurality of power inverters is configured to combine AC power generated by each of the plurality of power inverters, and wherein the combined AC power is delivered to a common AC load above the predetermined operating threshold. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein each of the power inverters is configured to deliver an AC current at a frequency of fu, wherein each of the power converters comprises a set of respective switches configured to operate in a series of switching cycles during which the relative timing and duration of on and off times of switches within each set of switches are configured to be controlled by the controller to control the AC power delivered by each respective power converter, wherein duration of each switching cycle is defined by a switching period and a switching frequency, fs, for each power inverter, wherein the controller is configured to control the switching cycles of the plurality of power inverters to be interleaved with respect to one another, and wherein a ratio FMA=Fr/N is less than four, where Fr=fs/fu is the normalized switching frequency for each set of switches switching converters and N is the number of power inverters converters. 3. The apparatus of claim 2 in which the number of power inverters is N, the switching period is each equal to T, and the controller is configured to control the plurality of power inverters to stagger beginning of each successive one of the switching cycles to occur substantially T/N seconds after the beginning of a preceding one of the switching cycles. 4. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein FMA is less than 1. 5. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein Fr is greater than one and less than fifty. 6. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein Fr is greater than one and less than three. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the DC power is received from a single DC power source. 8. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein each power inverter is configured to be a current-sourcing inverter for delivering a fraction of total AC current delivered to the AC load. 9. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein each power inverter delivers a substantially equal fraction of the total AC current delivered to the AC load. 10. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein each power inverter is configured as an active filter for delivering a fraction of time-varying power delivered to the AC load. 11. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein the time-varying power comprises a power component at twice the load frequency. 12. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein the operating threshold is at least one of inverter switching frequency and level of AC voltage received by the AC load. 13. A power inverter configured to receive power from a direct current (DC) input source and to deliver alternating current (AC), at a first frequency, fu, the power inverter comprising: a controller having a processor and memory; an active filter in communication with the controller and configured to supply AC power at twice the first frequency, the active filter comprising: at least two switching converters, each switching converter comprising a set of switches and configured to deliver an AC current, each set of switches configured to operate in a series of switching cycles during which the relative timing and duration of the on and off times of each switch within the set of switches is configured to be controlled by the controller to control AC power delivered by each switching converter, the duration of each switching cycle defining a switching period and a switching frequency, fs, for a switching converter, and wherein the controller is configured to control the switching cycles of the plurality of switching converters to be interleaved with respect to one another. 14. The power inverter of claim 13, wherein each switching converter is operated at a ratio of FMA=Fr/N that is less than four, wherein fu is the frequency of current delivered by each switching converter, and wherein Fr=fs/(2*fu) is the normalized switching frequency of the switching converters and N is the number of switching converters. 15. The power inverter of claim 14, wherein FMA is less than 1. 16. The power inverter of claim 14, wherein Fr is greater than one and less than fifty. 17. The power inverter of claim 14, wherein Fr is greater than one and less than three. 18. The power inverter of claim 13, wherein each of the switching converters receives power from a single DC source. 19. The power inverter of claim 18, wherein the single DC source is a photovoltaic (PV) module comprising a number M PV cells and the power inverter comprises a number N switching converters. 20. The power inverter of claim 19, wherein M equals seventy-two. 21. The power inverter of claim 20, wherein N equals seventy-two. 22. The power inverter of claim 13, wherein each switching converter is configured to operate in a tri-level pulse width modulation (PWM) mode of operation. 22. A method of operating an array of direct current (DC)--alternating current (AC) inverters, comprising: configuring the array to comprise N switching DC-AC inverters, the inverters configured so that the array FMA<4, where FMA=Fr/N, Fr=fs/fu and where fs is the switching frequency of the DC-AC inverters and fu is the frequency of current delivered by the array of DC-AC inverters, and controlling the array of DC-AC inverters to operate in an interleaved manner. 23. The method of claim 22, wherein controlling the array of DC-AC inverters to operate in an interleaved manner comprises sequentially controlling the beginning of a switching cycle in each DC-AC inverter to occur at a different time during the array operating period, such that each switching cycle is to occur substantially at 1/(fs*N) seconds after the beginning of a preceding switching cycle. 24. The method of claim 22, wherein controlling the array of DC-AC inverters comprises controlling each DC-AC inverter in the array to deliver substantially the same amount of power. 25. The method of claim 22, wherein configuring the array comprises configuring each DC-AC inverter such that each respective Fr is less than 50. 