Passive solar wire screens mount vertically on an edifice. The screens have rods vertically arranged parallel to one another and have wires horizontally arranged parallel to one another. The wires attach to the rods and have first surfaces facing away from the edifice in an upward direction from vertical. The wires also have second surfaces facing toward the edifice in a downward direction from vertical. When the sun has a summer elevation on the horizon, the first surfaces passively reflect solar energy incident thereto away from the wire screens. When the sun has a winter elevation on the horizon, however, the first surfaces passively reflect solar energy incident thereto toward the second surfaces, which in turn passively reflect the solar energy toward the edifice. A concave surface on the wires can also reflect thermal energy back to the edifice.
Claims 1-21. (canceled) 22. A solar wire screen, comprising: a plurality of rods arranged vertically; and a plurality of wires arranged horizontally, the wires having first edges attached to the rods and having second edges disposed away from the rods, each of the wires having first and second surfaces extending from the second edge, the first surface facing upward (at a first angle), the second surface facing downward (at a second angle different from the first angle), the first surfaces reflecting at least a portion of first solar energy, incident thereto at a first elevation, away from a front side of the wire screen, the first and second surfaces reflecting at least a portion of second solar energy, incident thereto at a second elevation, toward a back side of the wire screen. 23. The screen of claim 22, wherein the back side of the wire screen mounts adjacent an edifice. 24. The screen of claim 23, wherein a plurality of the wire screens are constructed as panels mounting onto the edifice. 25. The screen of claim 22, further comprising a solar collector disposed adjacent the back side of the wire screen. 26. The screen of claim 22, wherein each of the wires comprise a third surface facing toward the back side of the wire screen, the third surfaces reflecting at least a portion of thermal radiation, incident thereto, away from the back side of the wire screen. 27. The screen of claim 26, wherein the third surface extends from the first surface and faces upward toward the back side of the wire screen. 28. The screen of claim 26, wherein the third surface is oriented vertically at the first edge. 29. The screen of claim 22, wherein the first surfaces face upward at a first acute angle from vertical toward the front side of the wire screen. 30. The screen of claim 22, wherein the second surfaces face downward at a second acute angle from vertical toward the back side of the wire screen, the second acute angle being greater than the first acute angle. 31. The screen of claim 22, wherein the first surfaces on the wires reflect at least a portion of the second solar energy, incident thereto at the second elevation, toward the second surfaces on adjacent ones of the wires. 32. The screen of claim 31, wherein the second surfaces on the wires reflect at least a portion of the second solar energy reflected from the first surfaces toward the back side of the wire screen. 33. The screen of claim 22, wherein the first and second surfaces are polished, flat, or concave. 34. The screen of claim 22, wherein the first edges weld to the rods. 35. The screen of claim 22, wherein the wires define gaps therebetween directly passing at least a portion of the second solar energy toward the back side of the wire screen. 36. The screen of claim 22, wherein the first elevation corresponds to when the sun has a summer elevation on the horizon, and wherein the second elevation corresponds to when the sun has a winter elevation on the horizon. 37. A solar wire screen, comprising: a plurality of rods arranged vertically; and a plurality of wires arranged horizontally, the wires having first edges attached to the rods and having second edges disposed away from the rods, each of the wires having a front surface extending from the second edge and facing upward, each of the wires having a back surface facing toward the back side of the wire screen, the front surfaces reflecting at least a portion of first solar energy, incident thereto at a first elevation, away from a front side of the wire screen, the back surfaces reflecting at least a portion of thermal radiation, incident thereto, away from a back side of the wire screen. 38. The screen of claim 37, wherein the back side of the wire screen mounts adjacent an edifice. 39. The screen of claim 38, wherein a plurality of the wire screens are constructed as panels mounting onto the edifice. 40. The screen of claim 37, further comprising a solar collector disposed adjacent the back side of the wire screen. 41. The screen of claim 37, wherein the back surface extends from the first surface and faces upward toward the back side of the wire screen. 42. The screen of claim 37, wherein the back surface is oriented vertically at the first edge. 43. The screen of claim 42, wherein the back surface is concave. 44. The screen of claim 37, wherein the first edges weld to the rods. 45. The screen of claim 37, wherein each of the wires comprises a bottom surface extending from the second edge and facing downward, the front and bottom surfaces reflecting at least a portion of second solar energy, incident thereto at a second elevation, toward a back side of the wire screen. 46. The screen of claim 45, wherein the front surfaces face upward at a first acute angle from vertical toward the front side of the wire screen, and wherein the bottom surfaces face downward at a second acute angle from vertical toward the back side of the wire screen, the second acute angle being greater than the first acute angle. 47. The screen of claim 45, wherein the front surfaces on the wires reflect at least a portion of the second solar energy, incident thereto at the second elevation, toward the bottom surfaces on adjacent ones of the wires. 48. The screen of claim 47, wherein the bottom surfaces on the wires reflect at least a portion of the second solar energy reflected from the front surfaces toward the back side of the wire screen. 49. The screen of claim 45, wherein the front and bottom surfaces are polished, flat, or concave. 50. The screen of claim 45, wherein the wires define gaps therebetween passing at least a portion of the second solar energy toward the back side of the wire screen. 51. The screen of claim 45, wherein the first elevation corresponds to when the sun has a summer elevation on the horizon, and wherein the second elevation corresponds to when the sun has a winter elevation on the horizon. 