A multi-purpose solar panel providing for electricity generation and for additional digital and analog services that may be provided for one end user, other third party end users and/or the community at large.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic device that provides at least one electronic services that are in addition to the primary purpose of generating electricity and where such generated electricity is delivered to external, non-photovoltaic, devices and where the photovoltaic device is comprised of: a. One, or more, photovoltaic cells arranged and interconnected to provide the generation of electricity; b. A transparent cover to provide light to the photovoltaic cells; c. At least one co-located electronic service device; d. A support structure to secure all photovoltaic device components; e. An encasement to house the components of the photovoltaic device; f. An external connection to mount the photovoltaic device onto a surface; 2. A photovoltaic device that provides at least one electrical service and at least electronic service that in addition to the primary purpose of generating electricity and where such generated energy is delivered to co-located electronic services through co-located electrical services and also to external, non-photovoltaic, devices and where the photovoltaic device is comprised of a. One, or more, photovoltaic cells arranged and interconnected to provide the generation of electricity; b. A transparent cover to provide light to the photovoltaic cells; c. At least one co-located electrical service; d. At least one co-located electrical service that is a rechargeable battery; e. At least one co-located electronic service device; f. A support structure to secure all photovoltaic device components; g. An encasement to house the components of the photovoltaic device; h. An external connection to mount the photovoltaic device onto a surface; 3. A photovoltaic device that provides at least one electrical service and at least electronic service that in addition to the primary purpose of generating electricity and where such generated energy is delivered to co-located electronic services through co-located electrical services and also to external, non-photovoltaic, devices and where the photovoltaic device is comprised of: a. One, or more, photovoltaic cells arranged and interconnected to provide the generation of electricity; b. A transparent cover to provide light to the photovoltaic cells; c. At least one co-located electrical service; d. At least one co-located electrical service that is a rechargeable battery; e. At least one co-located electronic service device; f. At least one co-located electronic service devices that is a digital media storage device; g. A support structure to secure all photovoltaic device components; h. An encasement to house the components of the photovoltaic device; i. An external connection to mount the photovoltaic device onto a surface; 4. A photovoltaic device that provides at least one electrical service and at least electronic service that in addition to the primary purpose of generating electricity and where such generated energy is delivered to co-located electronic services through co-located electrical services and also to external, non-photovoltaic, devices and where the photovoltaic device is comprised of: a. One, or more, photovoltaic cells arranged and interconnected to provide the generation of electricity; b. A transparent cover to provide light to the photovoltaic cells; c. At least one co-located electrical service; d. At least one co-located electrical service that is a rechargeable battery; e. At least one co-located electronic service device; f. At least one co-located electronic service devices that is a digital computing device; g. A support structure to secure all photovoltaic device components; h. An encasement to house the components of the photovoltaic device; i. An external connection to mount the photovoltaic device onto a surface; 5. A photovoltaic device comprised to provide one, or more, electronic functions for one, or more, end users in addition to the primary purpose of electricity generation and comprised to provide for the wireless communication between it and at least one other electronic wireless-enabled device; 6. A method of making a final photovoltaic device from the photovoltaic active components and co-located electrical and electronic components, the method comprising the steps of: a. Photovoltaic cell testing and acceptance; b. Electrical/electronic component testing and acceptance; c. Photovoltaic cell alignment; d. Photovoltaic cell tabbing; e. Electrical service alignment; f. Electrical service mounting; g. Electronic service alignment; h. Electronic service mounting; i. Photovoltaic cell mounting; j. Electrical and electronic interconnection and testing; k. Back substrates mounting; l. Frame enclosure mounting; m. Transparent cover mounting; n. Sealing of photovoltaic device; o. External electrical component mounting; p. Final test. 