Systems and methods for controlling a hybrid power architecture to provide fuel or energy savings. Recharge time of an energy storage device (ESD) is reduced through the application of a controlled potential and ESD recharge time management over the life of the hybrid system through manipulation of the ESD charge state window of operation. Fuel or energy savings is achieved by controlling the partial-state-of-charge (PSOC) window of the ESD based on a recharge resistance profile of the ESD and by controlling a charging potential applied to the ESD based on a recharge current and/or the estimated recharge resistance profile of the ESD.
Claims 1. A method, comprising: affecting a change, over time, in a recharge resistance of at least one energy storage device of a hybrid power system comprising the energy storage device and at least one engine; determining how a fuel burn rate of the at least one engine-generator set is affected by the recharge resistance change; and mapping fuel burn rate of the at least one engine to a plurality of windows of partial states-of-charge (PSOC) of the at least one energy storage device based on the determining. 2. The method according to claim 1, further comprising identifying a partial state-of-charge (PSOC) window of the plurality of partial states-of-charge windows of the at least one energy storage device, based on the mapping, that reduces the fuel burn rate of the at least one engine. 3. The method according to claim 2, further comprising operating an energy storage device over the identified PSOC window. 4. A method, comprising: estimating an effect of a change in a recharge resistance of an energy storage device on a fuel burn rate of an engine of a system comprising the energy storage device and the engine using a model of the system; and mapping the fuel burn rate to windows of partial states-of-charge (PSOC) of the energy storage device based on the estimating. 5. The method according to claim 4, further comprising identifying a particular partial state-of-charge (PSOC) window of the energy storage device, based on the mapping, that provides a minimal fuel burn rate of the engine as a function of electrical power output of a generator coupled to the engine. 6. The method according to claim 6, further comprising operating an energy storage device over the identified PSOC window. 7. A method, comprising: determining a charge window of operation of an energy storage device, based at least in part on a profile of recharge resistance value versus charge state of the energy storage device; and controlling charging of the energy storage device based on the charge window of operation. 8. A system comprising: an energy storage device configured to store DC electrical power and provide DC electrical power to a DC load; a regulator operatively connected to the energy storage device and configured to convert AC electrical power, from an AC electrical power source, to DC electrical power and provide the DC electrical power to the energy storage device and/or to the DC load; and a controller in communication with the energy storage device and the regulator, and operable to: store at least one of a determined profile or map of recharge resistance value versus charge state of the energy storage device, and determine a charge window of operation of the energy storage device, based on the at least one of the profile or the map, which conserves fuel or other energy used by the AC electrical power source. 9. The system according to claim 8, wherein the energy storage device comprises a battery power source. 10. The system according to claim 8, wherein the controller is further operable to cyclically turn the AC electrical power source on and off based on the charge window of operation. 11. The system according to claim 8, wherein the controller is further operable to determine the at least one of the profile or the map by monitoring potential and recharge current of the energy storage device during operation of the system. 12. The system according to claim 8, wherein the controller is further operable to: direct the regulator to apply a first recharge potential to the energy storage device when a determined recharge resistance value of the energy storage device is below a resistance threshold value; and direct the regulator to apply a second recharge potential to the energy storage device, which is lower than the first recharge potential, when the determined recharge resistance value of the energy storage device is above the resistance threshold value. 13. The system according to claim 12, wherein the controller is further operable to determine the recharge resistance value of the energy storage device by monitoring potential and recharge current of the energy storage device during operation of the system. 14. The system according to claim 8, wherein the AC electrical power source comprises an engine and generator set that is configured to generate AC electrical power. 15. The system according to claim 8, wherein the AC electrical power source comprises a wind energy system. 16. A system comprising: an energy storage device configured to store DC electrical power and provide DC electrical power to a DC load; a regulator operatively connected to the energy storage device and configured to condition DC electrical power, from a DC electrical power source, and provide the DC electrical power to the energy storage device and/or to the DC load; and a controller in communication with the energy storage device and the regulator, and operable to: store at least one of a determined profile or map of recharge resistance value versus charge state of the energy storage device, and determine a charge window of operation of the energy storage device, based on the at least one of the profile or the map, which conserves energy produced and/or stored by the DC electrical power source. 17. The system according to claim 16, wherein the energy storage device comprises a battery power source. 18. The system according to claim 16, wherein the controller is further operable to cyclically turn the DC electrical power source on and off based on the charge window of operation. 19. The system according to claim 16, wherein the controller is further operable to determine the at least one of the profile or map by monitoring potential and recharge current of the energy storage device during operation of the system. 20. The system according to claim 16, wherein the controller is further operable to: direct the regulator to apply a first recharge potential to the energy storage device when a determined recharge resistance value of the energy storage device is below a resistance threshold value; and direct the regulator to apply a second recharge potential to the energy storage device, which is lower than the first recharge potential, when the determined recharge resistance value of the energy storage device is above the resistance threshold value. 21. The system according to claim 20, wherein the controller is further operable to determine the recharge resistance value of the energy storage device by monitoring potential and recharge current of the energy storage device during operation of the system. 22. The system according to claim 16, wherein the DC electrical power source comprises a solar energy system. 23. The system according to claim 16, wherein the DC electrical power source comprises a fuel cell energy system. 24. A method of recharging an energy storage device during a reset event, comprising: using at least one local and renewable energy source to recharge an energy storage device; using an electric grid supply to recharge the energy storage device if the at least one local and renewable energy source is not available; and using an engine-generator set (EGS) to recharge the energy storage device if the at least one local and renewable energy source and the electric grid supply are not available. 