Several systems and methods for monitoring the proximity of a device to a power line are disclosed. Electric field monitoring systems are mounted to the device and include a plurality of electric field sensors and a monitoring system base unit. Each electric field monitoring sensor senses the strength of a magnetic field in which the sensor is positioned and transmits a corresponding magnitude output signal to the base unit when polled by the base unit. If a sensor reports a magnetic field exceeding a threshold, the frequency of polling for that sensor may be increased. If a sensor reports a magnetic field exceeding another (possibly identical) threshold, an alarm may be activated, movement of the device may be limited or stopped or another action or a combination of actions may be taken.
Claims 1. A power line proximity monitoring system comprising: a plurality of sensors mountable on a piece of equipment, each sensor comprising a sensing apparatus, a sensor controller and a wireless sensor transceiver, wherein the sensing apparatus is operable to sense a magnitude of an electric field, the controller is linked to the sensing apparatus and is operable to generate a sensor magnitude output signal corresponding to the sensed magnitude, and the sensor transceiver is linked to the sensor controller and is operable to transmit the sensor magnitude output signal; a base station comprising a base controller and a wireless base transceiver, wherein the base transceiver is configured to wirelessly communicate with each of the plurality of sensor transceivers, and the base controller is linked to the base transceiver to receive the plurality of sensor magnitude output signals; and an analysis module to compare the plurality of sensor magnitude output signals to a pre-determined threshold magnitude and to output a command signal when the magnitude of at least one sensor magnitude output signal exceeds the threshold magnitude. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein each sensor transceiver is in two-way communication with the base transceiver. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein the base transceiver is operable to wirelessly transmit a sensor control signal to each sensor to remotely control an operational parameter of each sensor. 4. The system of claim 3, wherein remotely controlling the operation parameter comprises adjusting an electric field sensing resolution of the sensing apparatus. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the base controller is operable to selectably trigger the base transceiver to poll the plurality of sensors to obtain the sensor magnitude output signals. 6. The system of claim 5, wherein the base controller is operable to serially poll the plurality of sensors in a first order. 7. The system of claim 6, wherein when at least one sensor outputs a sensor magnitude output signal that exceeds the threshold magnitude the command signal comprises a poll re-order signal and the base controller is operable to poll the plurality of sensors in a different, second order based on the poll re-order signal. 8. The system of claim 7, wherein the poll re-order signal configures the base controller to poll the at least one sensor more frequently than the other sensors in the plurality of sensors. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein the poll re-order signal configures the base controller to poll the at least one sensor immediately after polling each of the other sensors in the plurality of sensors. 10. The system of claim 1, wherein the command signal comprises a least one of an alarm signal and an equipment control signal. 11. The system of claim 1, wherein each sensor further comprises an individual power source. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein each sensor further comprises a solar cell operable to charge the power source. 13. The system of claim 11, wherein each sensor enters a reduced-power sleep mode when communication between the sensor and the base station is interrupted for a pre-determined length of time. 14. A method of monitoring the magnitude of an electric field, the method comprising: a) serially polling a plurality of sensors in a first order to obtain a corresponding plurality of sensed electric field magnitudes; b) comparing the sensed magnitudes to a predetermined poll re-order threshold magnitude value; and c) serially polling the plurality of sensors in a different, second order when at least one sensors outputs a sensed electric field magnitude that exceeds the poll re-order threshold magnitude value. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein step c) further comprises the polling the at least one sensor more frequently than the other sensors. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein step c) further comprises polling the at least one sensor immediately after polling each of the other sensors in the plurality of sensors. 17. The method of claim 14, further comprising generating and an alarm output when the at least one sensor senses an electric field magnitude that exceeds an alarm threshold magnitude value. 18. The method of claim 17, further comprising inhibiting the movement of a piece of equipment toward the sensed electric field based on the alarm output. 19. The method of claim 14, further comprising remotely adjusting a sensor resolution of one sensor by wirelessly transmitting a sensor control signal to the one sensor. 20. The method of claim 14, further comprising polling each of the plurality of sensors at least once in a predetermined sampling period. 21. The method of claim 20, wherein the predetermined sampling period is less than 100 milliseconds. 