A highly efficient transformerless inverter and a method of controlling the same. The inverter is designed for use in a distributed power generation system, such as a home having photovoltaic cells (e.g., a solar panel), wind turbines, batteries, and other sources of DC electrical power. The inverter includes four switching states including a positive current path for a positive half-cycle, a free-wheel current path for the positive half-cycle, a negative current path for a negative half-cycle, and a second free-wheel current path for the negative half-cycle. The free-wheel current paths include a reduced number of circuit components (e.g., diodes), which enables a highly efficient inversion of DC power to AC power.
Claims 1. A grid-connectable inverter comprising: a first DC input node and a second DC input node; a first AC output node and a second AC output node; a first switch, a second switch, a third switch, and a fourth switch; a first diode and a second diode; a positive current path for a positive half-cycle; a first free-wheel current path for the positive half-cycle, wherein the first free-wheel current path includes the first AC output node, the first switch, the first diode, the fourth switch, and the second AC output node, and wherein no additional diode is connected in series with the first diode between the first and fourth switch; a negative current path for a negative half-cycle; and a second free-wheel current path for the negative half-cycle, wherein the second free-wheel current path includes the second AC output node, the second switch, the second diode, the third switch, and the first AC output node, and wherein no additional diode is connected in series with the second diode between the second and third switch. 2. The grid-connectable inverter of claim 1, further comprising a fifth switch and an eighth switch, wherein the positive current path includes the first DC input node, the fifth switch, the first switch, the second AC output node, the first AC output node, the fourth switch, the eighth switch, and the second DC input node. 3. The grid-connectable inverter of claim 1, further comprising a sixth switch and a seventh switch, wherein the negative current path includes the first DC input node, the seventh switch, the third switch, the first AC output node, the second AC output node, the second switch, the third switch, and the second DC input node. 4. The grid-connectable inverter of claim 1, wherein the first AC output node has a first voltage and the second AC output node has a second voltage, and wherein half of the sum of the first voltage and the second voltage remains substantially constant while the inverter is in the positive half-cycle and the negative cycle. 5. The grid-connectable inverter of claim 1, wherein the first AC output node and the second AC output node are coupled to an AC grid. 6. The grid-connectable inverter of claim 1, wherein the first DC input node and the second DC input node are coupled to outputs of a DC to DC converter. 7. The grid-connectable inverter of claim 6, wherein inputs of the DC to DC converter are coupled to a photovoltaic array. 8. The grid-connectable inverter of claim 1, further comprising a controller for selectively controlling the first switch, the second switch, the third switch, and the fourth switch. 9. The grid-connectable inverter of claim 8, wherein the controller selectively controls the first switch, the second switch, the third switch, and the fourth switch based on signals from sensors monitoring at least one of current at the first DC input node, voltage at the first DC input node, current of an AC grid to which the inverter is coupled, and voltage of the AC grid. 10. The grid-connectable inverter of claim 1, wherein the first switch and the second switch form a portion of a first three-level neutral point clamped bridge and the third switch and the fourth switch form a portion of a second three-level neutral point clamped bridge. 11. A method of inverting DC power to AC power with a grid-connectable inverter including first and second DC input nodes, first and second AC output nodes, first, second, third, and fourth switches, and first and second diodes, the method comprising: receiving DC input at the first and second DC input node; controlling the first, second, third, and fourth switches to create a positive current path for a positive half-cycle; closing the first switch and the fourth switch to create a first free-wheel current path for the positive half-cycle, wherein the first free-wheel current path includes the first AC output node, the first switch, the first diode, the fourth switch, and the second AC output node, and wherein no additional diode is connected in series with the first diode between the first and fourth switch; controlling the first, second, third, and fourth switches to create a negative current path for a negative half-cycle; and closing the second switch and the third switch to create a second free-wheel current path for the negative half-cycle, wherein the second free-wheel current path includes the second AC output node, the second switch, the second diode, the third switch, and the first AC output node, and wherein no additional diode is connected in series with the second diode between the second and third switch. 12. The method of claim 11, further comprising controlling a fifth switch and an eighth switch to create the positive current path, wherein the positive current path includes the first DC input node, the fifth switch, the first switch, the second AC output node, the first AC output node, the fourth switch, the eighth switch, and the second DC input node. 13. The method of claim 11, further comprising controlling a sixth switch and a seventh switch to create the negative current path, wherein the negative current path includes the first DC input node, the seventh switch, the third switch, the first AC output node, the second AC output node, the second switch, the third switch, and the second DC input node. 14. The method of claim 11, wherein the first AC output node has a first voltage and the second AC output node has a second voltage, and wherein half of the sum of the first voltage and the second voltage remains substantially constant while the inverter is in the positive half-cycle and the negative cycle. 15. The method of claim 11, further comprising coupling the first AC output node and the second AC output node to an AC grid. 16. The method of claim 11, further comprising coupling the first DC input node and the second DC input node to outputs of a DC to DC converter. 17. The method of claim 16, further comprising coupling inputs of the DC to DC converter to a photovoltaic array. 18. The method of claim 11, wherein the DC input is inverted by selectively directing a flow of current through the positive current path, the first free-wheel current path, the negative current path, and the second free-wheel current path. 19. The method of claim 11, wherein the first, second, third, and fourth switches are controlled by a controller based on signals from sensors monitoring at least one of current at the first DC input node, voltage at the first DC input node, current of an AC grid to which the inverter is coupled, and voltage of the AC grid. 20. The method of claim 11, wherein the first and second switches form a portion of a first three-level neutral point clamped bridge and the third and fourth switches form a portion of a second three-level neutral point clamped bridge. 