One or more embodiments of the present invention pertain to a system, method, and apparatus that accurately measures concentration of a greenhouse gas in narrow atmospheric columns above multiple sites utilizing a network of autonomous low-cost beacons that turn on for short unannounced time intervals and point to a receiving satellite. For example, each beacon can activate for short time intervals and transmit a laser beam at eye-safe low transmission power levels to a receiving satellite. The receiving satellite includes a sensor configured to receive the laser beam from one or more activated beacon and generate raw greenhouse gas concentration data based on measurement of the received laser beam intensity at selected wavelengths.
Claims 1. A system for monitoring concentration of one or more gases, comprising: a plurality of beacons, each beacon configured to activate for short time intervals and transmit a laser beam at low transmission power levels to a receiving satellite, wherein the receiving satellite comprises a sensor configured to receive the laser beam from one or more activated beacons and generate raw gas concentration data based on the laser beam. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein each beacon further comprises: a power unit configured to receive power from solar cells and power the beacon at low power; a communication unit configured to receive an activation signal from a node in order to activate the beacon for measuring gas concentration; and a global positioning unit configured to transmit a location identifier of the beacon to the node. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein the communication unit is configured to receive the activation signal based on a location of a LEO receiving satellite in a particular region, a sensor pointing and slew schedule for the LEO receiving satellite, suspected gas emissions violations at one or more sites, density of beacons in a surrounding region, weather forecasts over regions, and/or periods when the LEO receiving satellite is in view. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein each beacon further comprises: a laser unit configured to transmit the laser beam with two frequencies of light to the receiving satellite when an activation signal is received at the beacon; and a pointing unit configured to accurately point the laser beam from the laser unit to a sensor on the receiving satellite. 5. The system of claim 4, wherein each beacon further comprises: an aperture cover operatively connected to the laser unit, and configured to cover a lens of the laser unit to protect the laser unit from dust and moisture and open when the beacon is activated. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the receiving satellite further comprises: a sensor configured to receive the laser beam from the one or more activated beacons; and a communication unit configured to transmit the raw gas concentration data to a node for processing of the raw gas concentration data. 7. The system of claim 6, wherein the node is configured to process the raw gas concentration data to determine a concentration level of a gas in an atmospheric column through which the laser beam passed. 8. An apparatus, comprising: a laser unit configured to activate for short time intervals based on a command received from an electrical unit and, when activated, generate a laser beam to be transmitted to a satellite in order to measure concentration of a gas in an atmospheric column through which the laser beam passes. 9. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the electrical unit further comprises: a global positioning unit configured to transmit a location of the apparatus via a transmitter operatively connected to the global positioning unit. 10. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the electrical unit further comprises: a receiver configured to receive a command from a node to activate the apparatus for gas concentration monitoring; and a controller configured to command the laser unit to generate the laser beam for the gas concentration monitoring. 11. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein the receiver is configured to receive the command via a cellular, WIFI or other network connection. 12. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the electrical unit further comprises: a power unit operatively connected to solar cells, wherein the solar cells are configured to maintain charge to the power unit, and the power unit is configured to power the apparatus. 13. The apparatus of claim 8, further comprising: a laser alignment unit configured to align the laser beam generated from the laser unit and direct the laser beam to the satellite. 14. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the laser unit is further configured to generate simultaneously or alternatively a first frequency and a second frequency for a molecule of interest and combine the first frequency and the second frequency into the generated laser beam. 15. The apparatus of claim 14, wherein the first frequency is tuned to a molecular absorption frequency and the second frequency is tuned to be off by a molecular resonance from the molecular absorption frequency. 16. The apparatus of claim 8, further comprising: an aperture cover operatively connected to the laser unit, and configured to cover a lens of the laser unit to protect the laser unit from dust and moisture and open when the apparatus is activated. 17. A method for monitoring concentration of one or more gases, comprising: receiving an activation signal from a node for monitoring the concentration of the one or more gases; and transmitting a laser beam from a beacon to a receiving satellite in order to determine the concentration level of the one or more gases in an atmospheric column through which the laser beam passes. 18. The method of claim 17, further comprising: generating simultaneously or alternatively a first frequency and a second frequency for a molecule of interest; and combining the first frequency and the second frequency to create the laser beam. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein the first frequency is tuned to a molecular absorption frequency and the second frequency is tuned to off by a molecular resonance from the molecular absorption frequency. 20. The method of claim 17, further comprising: aligning the laser beam in order to accurately transmit the laser beam to the receiving satellite. 