A method of real-time line rating of a transmission line includes receiving, by a processor, real time transmission line conductor measurements of a transmission line having a plurality of conductor line segments from at least one real time line monitoring device. The processor generates a prediction model for at least one of the plurality of conductor line segments. Parameters of the at least one conductor line segment are predicted by the processor using the received transmission line conductor measurements and the prediction model and conductor locations of the at least one conductor line segment are simulated within a transmission line model based on the predicted parameters. The processor compares the conductor locations to one or more objects within the transmission line model determines conductor clearance distances between the simulated conductor locations and the one or more objects within the transmission line model.
Claims 1. A method of real-time line rating of a transmission line, comprising: receiving, by a processor, real time transmission line conductor measurements of a transmission line having a plurality of conductor line segments from at least one real time line monitoring device; generating, by the processor, a prediction model for at least one of the plurality of conductor line segments; predicting, by the processor, parameters of the at least one conductor line segment using the received transmission line conductor measurements and the prediction model; simulating, by the processor, conductor locations of the at least one conductor line segment within a transmission line model based on the predicted parameters; comparing, by the processor, the conductor locations to one or more objects within the transmission line model; and determining, by the processor, conductor clearance distances between the simulated conductor locations and the one or more objects within the transmission line model. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising identifying, by the processor, one or more clearance states of the conductor locations by comparing one or more of the conductor clearance distances to one or more predetermined minimum clearance values. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the identifying the clearance states of the conductor locations comprises identifying conductor clearance distances as being equal to or less than one or more corresponding predetermined minimum clearance values. 4. The method of claim 3, further comprising informing a person or entity of one or more distances identified as being equal to or less than the one or more corresponding predetermined minimum clearance values. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein the identifying the clearance states of the conductor locations comprises determining respective differences between the conductor clearance distances and the predetermined minimum clearance values. 6. The method of claim 1, further comprising: determining a maximum conductor current capacity of the at least one conductor line segment; and determining a remaining conductor current capacity as the difference between the maximum conductor current capacity of the at least one conductor line segment and a present conduct current capacity of the at least one conductor line segment. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein the simulating conductor locations comprises simulating each of the conductor locations with increasing amounts of simulated current to the at least one line segment within the transmission line model until a respective conductor clearance distance is determined to be equal to or less than the one or more corresponding predetermined minimum clearance values, and the method further comprises: determining the maximum conductor current capacity based on an amount of simulated current corresponding to the at least one line segment having a conductor clearance distance determined to be equal to or less than the one or more corresponding predetermined minimum clearance values. 8. The method of claim 6, further comprising informing a person or entity of remaining conductor current capacity. 9. The method of claim 1, wherein the simulating conductor locations comprises: simulating a first conductor location of the at least one of the plurality of line segments on the transmission line model based on a first predicted temperature at a first time; and simulating a second conductor location of the at least one of the plurality of line segments on the transmission line model based on a second predicted temperature at a second time. 10. The method of claim 1, wherein the comparing the conductor locations to one or more objects comprises comparing the conductor locations to at least one of: (i) a ground surface; and (ii) objects other than the ground surface. 11. The method of claim 1, wherein the receiving comprises receiving real time transmission line conductor temperature measurements from the at least one real time line monitoring device. 12. The method of claim 1, wherein the receiving comprises receiving real time transmission line conductor current measurements from the at least one real time line monitoring device. 13. The method of claim 1, wherein the receiving comprises receiving real time transmission line condition measurements from the at least one real time line monitoring device, the transmission line condition measurements including air temperature, wind speed and direction, solar radiation, rainfall and air pressure. 14. The method of claim 1, wherein the generating a prediction model comprises generating an individual prediction model for each of the plurality of line segments. 15. The method of claim 1, wherein the method further comprises storing the transmission line model of the transmission line having the plurality of line segments. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein the storing the transmission line model comprises storing a CAD model of the transmission line having the plurality of line segments. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein the storing a CAD model comprises storing a CAD model having data obtained via LiDAR. 18. The method of claim 16, wherein the storing a CAD model comprises storing a CAD model having data obtained via a field survey. 19. The method of claim 16, wherein the storing a CAD model comprises storing a CAD model having data obtained via thermal sensing. 20. The method of claim 1, wherein the predicting of parameters of the at least one conductor line segment comprises predicting of temperatures of the at least one conductor line segment using the received transmission line conductor measurements and the prediction model. 21. A method of real-time line rating of a transmission line, comprising: storing a CAD model of a transmission line having a plurality of line segments; receiving, by a processor, real time transmission line conductor measurements of a transmission line from at least one real time line monitoring device; generating, by the processor, a prediction model for at least one of the plurality of line segments; predicting, by the processor, temperatures of at least one of the plurality of line segments using the received transmission line conductor measurements and the prediction model; simulating, by the processor, conductor locations of the at least one of the plurality of line segments within the CAD model based on the predicted temperatures; comparing, by the processor, the conductor locations to one or more objects within the transmission line model to determine conductor clearance distances between the simulated conductor locations and the one or more objects within the transmission line model; and identifying, by the processor, one or more clearance states of the conductor locations by comparing one or more conductor clearance distances to one or more clearance zones. 22. A tangible computer readable medium comprising instructions for causing a processor to implement the steps of: receiving real time transmission line conductor measurements of a transmission line having a plurality of conductor line segments from at least one real time line monitoring device; generating a prediction model for at least one of the plurality of conductor line segments; predicting temperatures of the at least one conductor line segment using the received transmission line conductor measurements and the prediction model; simulating conductor locations of the at least one conductor line segment within a transmission line model based on the predicted temperatures; comparing the conductor locations to one or more objects within the transmission line model; and determining conductor clearance distances between the simulated conductor locations and the one or more objects within the transmission line model. 23. A real-time transmission line rating system comprising: a transmission line having a plurality of conductor line segments; at least one real time line monitoring device; and a computing system comprising: a receiver configured to receive real time transmission line conductor measurements of the transmission line from the at least one real time line monitoring device; and one or more processors configured to: (i) predict temperatures of the at least one conductor line segment using the received transmission line conductor measurements; (ii) simulate conductor locations of the at least one conductor line segment within a transmission line model based on the predicted temperatures; (iii) compare the conductor locations to one or more objects within the transmission line model; and (iv) determine conductor clearance distances between the simulated conductor locations and the one or more objects within the transmission line model. 24. The rating system of claim 23, wherein the processor is further configured to: determine a maximum conductor current capacity of the at least one conductor line segment; and determine a remaining conductor current capacity as the difference between the maximum conductor current capacity of the at least one conductor line segment and a present conduct current capacity of the at least one conductor line segment. 25. The rating system of claim 24, wherein the computing system further comprises a transmitter configured to transmit information informing a person or entity of the remaining conductor current capacity. 26. The rating system of claim 23, wherein, the processor is further configured to identify one or more clearance states of the conductor locations by comparing one or more of the conductor clearance distances to one or more predetermined minimum clearance values, and the computing system further comprises a transmitter configured to transmit information informing a person or entity of the one or more clearance states of the conductor locations. 