A system and method of manufacturing solar panels whereby parameters about how each cell, each array and each panel are recorded in a database or electronic memory. The cells, arrays and panels are also provided an identification, such as a bar code, to allow for subsequent retrieval of the parameters. The electronic memory is arranged so that different cells, arrays and panels that share the same parameters can be identified.
Claims 1. A method of manufacturing a solar cell comprising: forming an absorber layer of the solar cell on a substrate; recording parameters about the forming of the absorber layer in an electronic memory device; forming a transmissive layer on the absorber layer; recording parameters about the forming of the transmissive layer in the electronic memory device; marking the solar cell with identification information; and correlating the recorded parameters with the identification information in the electronic memory device such that the identification information can be used to subsequently electronically retrieve the recorded parameters from the electronic memory device. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein fabricating an absorber layer comprises depositing a precursor layer and then reacting the precursor layer in a reactor. 3. The method of claim 2, wherein depositing a precursor layer comprises depositing a thin film material including Cu, In, Ga and Se onto the substrate and wherein reacting the precursor layer comprises reacting the thin film material with S or Se in a high temperature annealing process to form the absorber layer. 4. The method of claim 2, wherein recording the parameters of the fabrication of the absorber layer in the electronic memory device comprises recording at least one of the composition and quantity of material deposited as the precursor layer, the thickness of the precursor layer, the temperature of the annealing chamber, the quantity and type of gas in the annealing chamber. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein fabricating a transmissive layer comprises depositing a transparent window layer on the absorber layer and wherein recording parameters about the fabrication of the transmissive layer comprises recording the materials, thicknesses and environmental factors occurring during the deposition of the transparent window layer on the absorber layer. 6. The method of claim 5, wherein fabricating a transmissive layer comprises depositing a transparent window layer comprised of at least one selected from a CdS film, a ZnO film or a CdS/ZnO film. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein marking the solar cell comprises printing a bar code on the solar cell so that the solar cell is uniquely identified. 8. A method of manufacturing solar cell panels comprising: manufacturing a plurality of solar cells; assigning identification information to each of the plurality of solar cells; recording solar cell parameters in an electronic memory so that the parameters for a particular solar cell are retrievable by the identification information; interconnecting at least some of the plurality of solar cells into one or more arrays of solar cells; assigning identification information to each of the arrays of solar cells; recording array parameters in an electronic memory so that the parameters for a particular array are retrievable by the identification information of the array of solar cells and so that the identification information and parameters of the solar cells comprising the array is retrievable from the electronic memory; mounting one or more array of solar cells onto one or more panels so as to create solar panels; assigning identification information to the solar cell panels; recording solar panel parameters in the electronic memory so that the parameters for a particular solar panel are retrievable by the identification information about the solar cell panel and so that the identification information and parameters about the arrays and the solar cells of the arrays is retrievable from the electronic memory. 9. The method of claim 8, further comprising recording distribution parameters of the solar cell panels in the electronic memory so that the distribution parameters are retrievable by the identification information about the solar cell panel. 10. The method of claim 8, wherein manufacturing the plurality of solar cells comprises: fabricating an absorber layer on a continuous substrate; recording parameters about the fabrication of the absorber layer in the electronic memory device; fabricating a transmissive layer on the absorber layer; recording parameters about the fabrication of the transmissive layer in the electronic memory. 11. The method of claim 10, wherein fabricating an absorber layer comprises depositing a precursor layer and then reacting the precursor layer in a reactor. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein depositing a precursor layer comprises depositing a thin film material including Cu, In, Ga and Se onto the substrate and wherein reacting the precursor layer comprises reacting the thin film material with S or Se in a high temperature annealing process to form the absorber layer. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein recording the parameters of the fabrication of the absorber layer in the electronic memory device comprises recording at least one of the composition and quantity of material deposited as the precursor layer, the thickness of the precursor layer, the temperature of the annealing chamber, the quantity and type of gas in the annealing chamber. 14. The method of claim 10, wherein fabricating a transmissive layer comprises depositing a transparent window layer on the absorber layer and wherein recording parameters about the fabrication of the transmissive layer in the electronic memory device comprises recording the materials, thicknesses and environmental factors occurring during the deposition of the transparent window layer on the absorber layer. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein fabricating a transmissive layer comprises depositing a transparent window layer comprised of at least one selected from a CdS film, a ZnO film or a CdS/ZnO film. 16. The method of claim 8, further comprising marking the solar cells, the arrays and the solar panel by printing identifiers adjacent the solar cells, arrays and panels so that the solar cells, arrays and panels are uniquely identified and the identifiers indicates the identification information for the solar cells, the arrays and the panels in the electronic memory. 17. The method of claim 8, wherein manufacturing the plurality of solar cells comprises manufacturing the plurality of solar cells on a web that runs through one or more processing devices that form the solar cells. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein assigning identification information to the plurality of solar cells comprise marking the web at discrete intervals along the web with unique identification information. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein recording solar cell parameters in the electronic memory comprises: recording manufacturing parameters of the solar cells based upon the location of the identification information along the web; determining the location of the solar cell along the web; and associating manufacturing parameters with the solar cell based upon the location of the solar cell on the web as determined by the identification information formed along the web. 20. The method of claim 19, wherein determining the location of the solar cell along the web comprises determining the linear location of a mark along the web; correlating the linear location of the solar cell on web to the determined linear location of the mark along the web; associating manufacturing parameters of devices to specific solar cells when the linear location of the solar cell on the web as correlated to the mark indicates the solar cell is positioned inside specific device. 21. A method of roll-to-roll forming a plurality of thin films on a continuous flexible substrate to manufacture solar cells and identifying each manufactured solar cell, comprising: marking a region of the continuous flexible substrate with at least one identification mark, wherein the at least one identification mark includes an information about the location of the region; forming a solar cell structure over the continuous flexible substrate including the region while the continuous flexible substrate is advanced through at least one process station; continuously detecting process information from the region as the solar cell structure is formed over the continuous flexible substrate including the region and as it is advanced; and data processing the process information in an electronic data-base station, the data processing comprising storing the process information detected from the region in the electronic database, correlating the process information from the region to the at least one identification mark. 22. The method of claim 21 further comprising forming a plurality of solar cells by cutting the continuous flexible substrate and the solar cell structure formed on top of the continuous flexible substrate including the region. 23. The method of claim 22 further comprising marking each solar cell from the region with a solar cell identification mark, storing the solar cell identification marks in the electronic data-base and correlating each solar cell identification mark to the at least one identification mark in the data-base and thereby the process information from the region. 24. The method of claim 23 further comprising forming a plurality of solar cell strings by interconnecting the plurality of solar cells with the solar cell identification number. 25. The method of claim 24 further comprising obtaining string manufacturing information and storing it in the electronic data-base. 26. The method of claim 25 further comprising marking each solar cell string with a string identification mark, storing the string identification marks in the electronic data-base and correlating each string identification mark to both its string manufacturing information and the solar cell identification numbers of its solar cells in the data-base. 27. The method of claim 26 further comprising forming a plurality of solar panels using the solar cell strings with string identification marks. 28. The method of claim 27 further comprising obtaining panel manufacturing information and storing it in the electronic data-base. 29. The method of claim 28 further comprising marking each solar panel with a panel identification mark, storing the panel identification marks in the electronic data-base and correlating each solar panel identification mark to both its panel manufacturing information and the solar cell identification numbers of its solar cells in the data-base. 30. The method of claim 21, wherein the steps of continuously detecting and data processing occur simultaneously. 31. The method of claim 21 further comprising the step of reading the at least one identification mark before the step of data processing. 32. The method of claim 21, wherein the step of marking the region includes marking a plurality of sections of the region ordered along the length of the continuous flexible substrate with a plurality of identification marks, wherein each of the identification marks corresponds to its assigned section along the continuous flexible substrate, and wherein the step of data processing the process information includes storing the process information from each section of the region in the electronic database and correlating the process information from each section to its corresponding identification mark. 33. The method of claim 32, wherein the region is the entire surface of the flexible continuous substrate on which the solar cell structure is formed. 34. The method of claim 32 further comprising forming a plurality of solar cells by cutting each section and the solar cell structure formed on top of it. 35. The method of claim 34 further comprising marking the solar cells from the same section with the same solar cell identification mark and thereby forming a plurality of groups of solar cell identification marks from the plurality of sections, storing the solar cell identification marks in the electronic data-base and correlating each solar cell identification mark to the identification mark of the corresponding section in the data-base and thereby the process information from the corresponding section. 36. The method of claim 35 further comprising forming a plurality of solar cell strings by interconnecting the plurality of solar cells from at least one section. 37. The method of claim 36 further comprising obtaining string manufacturing information and storing it in the electronic data-base. 38. The method of claim 37 further comprising marking each solar cell string with a string identification mark, storing the string identification marks in the electronic data-base and correlating each string identification mark to both its string manufacturing information and the solar cell identification numbers of its solar cells in the data-base. 39. The method of claim 38 further comprising forming a plurality of solar panels using the solar cell strings with the string identification number. 40. The method of claim 39 further comprising obtaining panel manufacturing information and storing it in the electronic data-base. 41. The method of claim 40 further comprising marking each solar panel with a panel identification mark, storing the panel identification marks in the electronic data-base and correlating each panel identification mark to both its panel manufacturing information and the solar cell identification numbers of its solar cells in the data-base. 42. The method of claim 32 further comprising the step of reading each section identification mark before the step of data processing the information. 43. The method of claim 32, wherein the sections are discrete and in a sequential order along the continuous flexible substrate. 44. The method of claim 29, wherein the identification marks, solar cell identification marks, string identification marks and panel identification marks include at least one of barcodes and alphanumeric characters. 45. The method of claim 21, wherein the process information includes process parameters used to manufacture solar cell structure. 46. The method of claim 45, wherein the process parameters includes process temperatures, material compositions, thickness measurements, optical measurements of different materials, gas pressures and deposition related data. 47. The method of claim 46, wherein the deposition related data includes electrodeposition currents, electrodeposition solutions and electrodeposition time. 