Device for setting off an avalanche, comprising a support intended to be fixed to the mounting side, for example on a concrete slab, and an enclosure one end of which is open, this enclosure being mounted on the support, said open end of the enclosure being intended to face towards the snow cap. The device further comprises means of filling the enclosure with an explosive gaseous mixture, firing means designed to set off the explosion of the said mixture and a remote-communication system. The enclosure is mounted removably on the support, by fitting its lower face, intended to receive the gaseous mixture, onto a bearing piece of the support, and the enclosure is autonomous in terms of energy supply and carries means of storing the gases that are intended to form the gaseous mixture.
Claims 1. A device for setting off an avalanche, comprising a support intended to be fixed to the mountainside, for example on a concrete slab, and an enclosure one end of which is open, this enclosure being mounted on the support, said open end end of the enclosure being intended to face towards the snow cap, the device further comprising means of filling the enclosure with an explosive gaseous mixture, firing means designed to set off the explosion of said mixture, and a remote communication system, characterized in that the enclosure is mounted removably on the support, by fitting its lower face, intended to receive the gaseous mixture, onto a bearing piece of the support, which is open-worked and faces upward, and the enclosure is autonomous in terms of energy supply and carries means of storing the gases that are intended to form the gaseous mixture and the firing means for the gaseous mixture. 2. The device according to claim 1, wherein the inner surface of the enclosure has a generally tapered shape, and in that the support comprises an anchor foot in the ground whereof the upper end is equipped with the bearing piece of the enclosure, comprising a crown-shaped base from which a tapered portion extends upward with the same taper as the inner wall of the enclosure. 3. The device according to claim 2, wherein the upper part of the bearing piece has several posts converging upward whereof the lower ends are fastened on the crown-shaped base. 4. The device according to claim 2, wherein the bearing piece includes guide means for the enclosure, such as skates or rollers. 5. The device according to claim 1, wherein fastened on the outer surface of the enclosure are functional pieces of equipment of the device, that equipment in particular including the gas storage means such as at least one hydrogen bottle and at least one oxygen bottle, means for filling the enclosure with gas, such as expanders and solenoid valves, control means, such as a microcontroller, electrical energy storage equipment, such as batteries and firing means, a protective shell being provided around the equipment. 6. The device according to claim 5, Wherein the functional equipment is fastened on the outer surface of the enclosure using damping supports. 7. The device according to claim 1, wherein it comprises a security system, such as an electrical contact, monitoring the firing means and the filling means so as to make the latter inoperative when the enclosure is not installed on the support. 8. The device according to claim 1, wherein it includes a vibratory measuring system, such as an accelerometer or a seismometer. 9. The device according to claim 1, wherein the enclosure is equipped with means for fastening a towing chain of a transport vehicle such as a helicopter, the means for fastening the towing chain comprising a ring with a flattened shape fastened to the upper end of the enclosure on the one hand, and a catching device on the other hand which, intended to be fastened to the end of the towing chain, comprises an open hook situated at the center of a conical enclosure the upper end of which has an oblong opening complementary to the shape of the ring. 10. The device according to claim 2, wherein the bearing piece is pivotably mounted on the foot of the support. 11. The device according to claim 10, wherein the support includes means for adjusting the incline of the support piece in relation to the foot so as to adjust the arrangement of the opening of the enclosure in relation to the snow cap. 12. The device according to claim 1, wherein the support has, on its periphery, reference members intended to guide a helicopter during installation or disassembly of the enclosure on the support. 13. The device according to claim 1, wherein it is made autonomous in twos of energy supply by energy-producing means, such as solar panels or a wind turbine. 