In the field of building energy efficiency, an analysis and control system is provided to design, retrofit and/or manage operation of the HVAC and/or hot water systems in a building, so as to minimize energy usage. The present system is an end-to-end computer software based approach for full time commissioning of mechanical systems in a building. It uses standard and advanced fluid dynamics modeling techniques in terms of air circulation, refrigerating, heating and hot water systems.
Claims 1. A system to monitor and control energy consumption of a structure, the system comprising: a plurality of sensors, each positioned at a predetermined location in the structure, to measure a plurality of parameters relating to the energy consumption of the structure; and a network configured to couple each sensor to a control unit and the control unit to a plurality of mechanical units within the structure; wherein the control unit, in response to data received from the sensors, controls the plurality of mechanical units in combination to minimize total energy consumption of the structure. 2. The system claim 1, wherein each of the mechanical units comprises at least one of an air heating or cooling unit, water heater unit, energy storage unit, or renewable sources unit. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the network includes at least one of wireless links, wired links, or power line links. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the control unit further controls attributes of the mechanical units, including at least one of damper angles, fan speeds, pump torques, or fluids velocities, pressures, or temperatures. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein at least one of the sensors provides data for a spectral analysis. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the control unit monitors parameters of the mechanical units as a function of at least one of time, fluid velocity, temperature, pressure, torque, humidity, buoyancy, mass flow rate, enthalpy, or enthropy. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the control unit mathematically defines an overall performance of the mechanical units as a combination of individual performances of the mechanical units. 8. The system of claim 7, wherein the control unit determines for each time interval a set of parameters associated with each subunit as a function of the set of parameters for a previous time period, a set of predetermined coefficients, and a set of input power levels. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein the control unit includes a plurality of control subunits in communication with one another. 10. A method to monitor and control energy consumption of a structure, the method comprising the acts of: providing a plurality of sensors, each positioned at a predetermined location in the structure, to measure a plurality of parameters relating to the energy consumption of the structure; coupling, via a network, each sensor to a control unit and the control unit to a plurality of mechanical units within the structure; and controlling, via the control unit, in response to measured data received from the sensors, the plurality of mechanical units in combination to minimize total energy consumption of the structure. 11. The method of claim 10, further comprising improving an overall efficiency of the structure by coordinating subcomponents of the overall efficiency including at least one of a source, component, storage, monitoring and control, or distribution efficiencies. 12. The method of claim 10, further comprising: determining, using Computational Fluid Dynamic (CFD) methods, flow variables associated with each mechanical units; and establishing critical trend lines, using the flow variables, to be used in control and monitoring of the mechanical units. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein determining the flow variables include determining desirable flow conditions and wherein the flow variables include variables of at least one of a linear flow, a multiphase flow, a compressive flow, a laminar flow, a turbulent flow or, a non linear flow. 14. The method of claim 12, further comprising establishing a control matrix of the structure using the flow variables as state variables of the control matrix. 15. The method of claim 12, wherein the state variables are related to at least one of local or global control commands. 16. The method of claim 11, further comprising identifying, at predetermined time intervals, a source of energy that is most cost effective. 17. The method of claim 12, further comprising benchmarking energy consumption of the structure and various energy flow sources and components. 18. The method of claim 12, further comprising identifying one or more trend lines that are indicative of a malfunction. 19. The method of claim 10, wherein minimizing the total energy consumption of the structure includes at least one of reducing global fan power, refrigeration cycle energy usage, local fan power, static pressures, non-linearties, interdependencies, or turbulences, or increasing outside air or natural air ventilations by using at least one of fuzzy logic, neural network, stochastic processing, or binary logic for decision making. 20. An apparatus to monitor and control energy consumption of a structure, the structure having a plurality of sensors positioned at predetermined locations within the structure to measure a plurality of parameters relating to energy consumption of the structure, the apparatus comprising: a port adapted to couple, via a network, to the plurality of sensors and the plurality of mechanical units within the structure; a processor coupled to the port; wherein the processor, in response to measured data received from the sensors, transmits signals via the second port to the plurality of mechanical units to control the mechanical units to minimize total energy consumption of the structure. 21. A system for configuring a plurality of mechanical units within a structure to minimize energy consumption of the mechanical units, the system comprising: a memory configured to store data provided by a plurality of sensors, each sensor positioned at a predetermined location within the structure to measure a plurality of parameters relating to the energy consumption of the structure; a processor coupled to the memory; wherein the processor, using to the data stored in the memory, determines a configuration of the plurality of mechanical units in combination to minimize total energy consumption of the mechanical units; and the memory being adapted to store the configuration of the mechanical units. 22. The system of claim 21, wherein the sensors include at least one of temperature, pressure, humidity, flow rate, gas concentration, fluid state, buoyancy, surface plasma, acoustic, magneto-electric, magneto-optic, or pneumatic sensors. 23. The system of claim 21, wherein the mechanical units include at least one of a boiler unit, a refrigeration cycle unit, a geothermal unit, a renewable energy unit, an air handling unit, an energy storage unit, an air handling unit, or a variable air volume (VAV) unit. 24. The system of claim 21, wherein configuring the plurality of the mechanical systems results in extending a life time of at least of the plurality of mechanical systems. 25. The system of claim 21, wherein configuring the plurality of mechanical systems includes modifying at least one of the plurality of mechanical systems to prevent it from over performing. 26. A processor-based method for designing and simulation of a heating and ventilation environment partitioned into a plurality of units, the method comprising: storing information relating to the heating and ventilation environment in memory; storing an initial design and a plurality of boundary conditions for the heating and ventilation environment and the plurality of units in the memory; for each unit of the plurality of units, determining an associated heat load and an associated volume; determining a set of initial conditions by modeling the heating and ventilation environment as an electrical circuit using circuit elements to model the associated heat loads and the associated volumes of the plurality of units; using a processor-based numerical method, determining solutions of a set of differential equations associated with the heating and ventilation environment, based on the boundary conditions and the determined initial conditions; and using the solutions, modifying the stored initial design. 27. The processor-based method of claim 26, wherein the plurality of units include at least one of: at least one building zones including at least one room, one or more fluid channels, or one or more mechanical systems. 28. The processor-based method of claim 26, wherein the associated heat load and the associated volumes are modeled as respective resistors and capacitors. 29. The processor-based method of claim 26, wherein the initial conditions are related to fluid flows and temperatures associated with the plurality of units. 30. The processor-based method of claim 26, wherein modifying the stored initial design comprises reducing an energy consumption of the heating and ventilation environment to a lowest value. 31. The processor-based method of claim 26, wherein reducing the energy consumption of the heating and ventilation environment includes reducing energy consumptions due to circulation of a working fluid, and at least one of heating or cooling of the working fluid. 32. The processor-based method of claim 26, further comprising modeling the heating and ventilation environment with a plurality of electrical circuits coupled in at least one of series or parallel topology. 33. The processor-based method of claim 26, wherein the circuit elements used to model the heat load and the volume comprise an electrical resistor and an electrical capacitor, respectively. 34. The processor-based method of claim 26, further comprising modeling the air flow and energy consumption as electrical current and electrical power consumption, respectively. 35. The processor-based method of claim 27, wherein the plurality of boundary conditions for the at least one building zone are determined based on at least one of outside temperature, windows locations, walls insulations, roofs insulations, solar radiation, and windows insulations. 36. The processor-based method of claim 27, wherein the plurality of boundary conditions for the mechanical system is determined based on a minimum air flow and an interior temperature. 37. The processor-based method of claim 26, wherein the plurality of boundary conditions is provided in a predetermined computer aided design (CAD) format. 38. The processor-based method of claim 26, wherein in the modified design, flow of a working fluid into the plurality of units are controlled separately to allow differing flows in each unit. 39. The processor-based method of claim 38, further comprising providing a detailed design for the heating and ventilation environment by applying the modified design to a CAD tool using computational fluid dynamics (CFD) algorithms to attain a solution. 40. The processor-based method of claim 39, wherein comprising providing the detailed design includes performing a sensitivity analysis using at least one of a flow or a temperature of the working flow. 41. The processor-based method of claim 40, further comprising: using results of the sensitivity analysis modifying the detailed design; and applying the modified detailed design to the CAD tool to attain a modified solution. 42. A machine-readable-medium storing instructions, which when executed by one or more processors perform a method for designing and simulation of a heating and ventilation environment partitioned into a plurality of units, the method comprising: storing information relating to the heating and ventilation environment in memory; storing an initial design and a plurality of boundary conditions for the heating and ventilation environment and the plurality of units in the memory; for each unit of the plurality of units, determining an associated heat load and an associated volume; determining a set of initial conditions by modeling the heating and ventilation environment as an electrical circuit using circuit elements to model the associated heat loads and the associated volumes of the plurality of units; using a processor-based numerical method, determining solutions of a set of differential equations associated with the heating and ventilation environment, based on the boundary conditions and the determined initial conditions; and using the solutions, modifying the stored initial design. 43. An apparatus for designing and simulation of a heating and ventilation environment partitioned into a plurality of units, the apparatus comprising: memory to store: information relating to the heating and ventilation environment, and an initial design and a plurality of boundary conditions for the heating and ventilation environment and the plurality of units; a processor to: determine, for each unit of the plurality of units, an associated heat load and an associated volume; determine a set of initial conditions by modeling the heating and ventilation environment as an electrical circuit using circuit elements to model the associated heat loads and the associated volumes of the plurality of units; execute a numerical method to determine solutions of a set of differential equations associated with the heating and ventilation environment, based on the boundary conditions and the determined initial conditions; and modify the stored initial design, using the solutions. 