The present invention provides a production method of a solar cell module, comprising: a first process of mounting a module layered body, which comprises at least a glass member, an encapsulant, a solar cell element and a translucent member in this order, and in which an outer periphery of the encapsulant is positioned at an inner side of outer peripheries of the glass member and the translucent member, on a mounting platen of a double vacuum chamber system laminator comprising a first chamber and a second chamber that are partitioned by a flexible member, and the mounting platen, which is provided in the second chamber facing the flexible member and comprises a heating means, the module layered body being mounted on the mounting platen so that the glass member is at the flexible member side; a second process of depressurizing the inside of the first chamber and the inside of the second chamber; and a third process of heat-pressure bonding and integrating the module layered body by raising a pressure in the first chamber to from 0.005 MPa to 0.090 MPa (gauge pressure of from -0.096 MPa to -0.011 MPa) and pressing the module layered body to the heated mounting platen by the flexible member which has undergone flexural deformation.
Claims 1. A production method of a solar cell module, comprising: a first process of mounting a module layered body, which comprises at least a glass member, an encapsulant, a solar cell element and a translucent member in this order, and in which an outer periphery of the encapsulant is positioned at an inner side of outer peripheries of the glass member and the translucent member, on a mounting platen of a double vacuum chamber system laminator comprising a flexible member, a first chamber and a second chamber that are partitioned by the flexible member, and the mounting platen, which is provided in the second chamber facing the flexible member and comprises a heating means, the module layered body being mounted on the mounting platen so that the glass member is at the flexible member side; a second process of depressurizing the inside of the first chamber and the inside of the second chamber after the first process; and a third process of heat-pressure bonding and integrating the module layered body by raising a pressure in the first chamber to from 0.005 MPa to 0.090 MPa (gauge pressure of from -0.096 MPa to -0.011 MPa) and pressing the module layered body to the heated mounting platen by the flexible member which has undergone flexural deformation, after the second process. 2. The production method of a solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein a bending elastic modulus of the translucent member is 1 GPa or greater. 3. The production method of a solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the translucent member is a glass member. 4. The production method of a solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the encapsulant comprises an ionomer of an ethylene-unsaturated carboxylic acid copolymer. 5. The production method of a solar cell module according claim 1, wherein the module layered body comprises the encapsulant and the glass member, in this order, on an amorphous silicon solar cell element of the translucent member, on which the amorphous silicon solar cell element is formed. 6. The production method of a solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein the module layered body comprises the encapsulant, which contains an ionomer of an ethylene-unsaturated carboxylic acid copolymer, and the glass member, in this order, on an amorphous silicon solar cell element of the translucent member, on which the amorphous silicon solar cell element is formed. 7. The production method of a solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein a thickness of the glass member is 4 mm or less. 8. The production method of a solar cell module according to claim 1, wherein a distance between the outer periphery of the encapsulant and the outer peripheries of the glass member and the translucent member is from 1.5 mm to 25 mm. 