A solar module having a curved surface to facilitate shedding of accumulated snow and water. The module can also be angled to achieve the same. The module includes a housing with a curved or angled upper surface and solar cells are positioned within the housing.
Claims 1. A method of installing a rooftop solar system on a roofing surface comprising: affixing an array of base elements including a plurality of fastening members to the roofing surface; engaging feet of a module support with the plurality of fastening members of base elements so as to fasten the module support to the base elements on the roofing surface, wherein the module support having a top surface that is convexly curved or angled along a longitudinal axis of the top surface, and wherein the top surface including a major surface portion that is generally separated from a minor surface portion along the longitudinal axis of the top surface; and attaching a flexible solar module onto the top surface of the module support, the flexible module having a plate like body defined by a top transparent layer disposed over a bottom layer, wherein the bottom layer of the solar module is in physical contact with and is substantially supported by the top surface of the module support by covering the major surface and partially covering the minor surface of the top surface so as to leave an exposed access space on the minor surface. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the engaging feet comprises engaging a plurality of male fastening members of the base elements with the plurality of female fastening members of the module support. 3. The method of claim 2, wherein the feet are provided with a plurality of opening members to receive the plurality of fastening members. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein affixing an array of base elements comprises affixing the bases elements to the roofing surface using an adhesive. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein the roofing surface comprises providing a generally planar surface outside a building structure. 6. The method of claim 5, wherein the roofing surface comprises at least one of PVC, TPO, EPDM, modified bitumen materials. 7. The method of claim 4, wherein the adhesive comprises at least one of TPO, PVC, or EPDM. 8. A solar module assembly installed on an application surface, comprising: at least two base elements affixed to the application surface, the base elements including a bottom surface and an upper surface, wherein the upper surface includes a plurality of fastening members; a module support fastened to the base elements by engaging feet of the module support with the plurality of fastening members, the module support having a top surface that is convexly curved or angled along a longitudinal axis of the top surface, wherein the top surface including a major surface portion that is generally separated from a minor surface portion along the longitudinal axis of the top surface; and a flexible solar module attached onto the top surface of the module support, the flexible module having a plate like body defined by a top transparent layer disposed over a bottom layer, wherein the bottom layer of the solar module is in physical contact with and is substantially supported by the top surface of the module support by covering the major surface and partially covering the minor surface of the top surface so as to leave and exposed access space on the minor surface. 9. The assembly of claim 8, wherein the bottom surface of the base elements includes an adhesive layer and the base elements are affixed to the application surface by the adhesive. 10. The assembly of claim 8, wherein the base elements have belt shape. 11. The assembly of claim 10, wherein the base elements area made of one of TPO, PVC, EPDM and a bitumen impregnated membrane. 12. The assembly of claim 10, wherein a thickness of the base elements is in the range of 1-4 mm. 13. The assembly of claim 8, wherein the feet of the module support are provided with a plurality of fastener receiving openings. 14. The assembly of claim 8, wherein the fastening members are pins received by the fastener receiving opening at the feet of the module support and locked in place by locking nuts. 15. The assembly of claim 8, wherein the module support includes a plurality of support members supporting the module on the application surface. 16. The assembly of claim 15, wherein the support members are depressions in the top surface extending downwardly towards the application surface. 17. The assembly of claim 16, wherein the depression are cylindrical. 18. The assembly of claim 17, wherein the depressions are tapered towards their bottom. 19. The assembly of claim 8, wherein the top surface is a continuous surface without any openings. 20. The assembly of claim 8, wherein the top surface is a discontinuous surface with openings. 21. The assembly of claim 8, wherein the top surface is a discontinuous surface with openings. 22. The assembly of claim 21, wherein the discontinuous surface is supported by support members extending downwardly towards the application surface. 23. The assembly of claim 22, wherein the support members are columns. 24. The assembly of claim 22, wherein the support members are walls extending between the edges of the module support. 25. A solar module assembly comprising: a first module support member that defines a support surface having a length and a lateral width that is adapted to be positioned on a mounting surface, wherein the first support member extends outward from the mounting surface and wherein the support member is shaped so as to define a first elevated surface and a second elevated surface that intersect at an apex defining the height of the elevated surfaces; a first flexible solar module that is mounted on the first support member so as to extend over at least some of the first elevated surface; and a securing assembly that secures the first module support member to the mounting surface. 26. The assembly of claim 25, wherein the first elevated surface has a first length and the second elevated surface has a second length that is less than the first length. 27. The assembly of claim 25, wherein the first elevated surface and the second elevated surface comprise a uniformly curved surface having an apex at approximately the center of the curved surface. 28. The assembly of claim 25, wherein the first module support member includes a first and a second foot member that is mounted on the mounting surface and is secured thereto. 29. The assembly of claim 28, wherein recesses are formed in the first and second foot members to accommodate fasteners to secure the first module support member to the mounting surface. 30. The assembly of claim 25, wherein the first module support member defines openings in the support surface that receives the first flexible solar module to provide cooling to the first flexible solar module. 31. The assembly of claim 30, wherein the openings define channels that extend across the lateral width of the support surface. 32. The assembly of claim 30, wherein the openings define apertures that extend through the support surface. 33. The assembly of claim 25, wherein the first module support member include support protrusions that engage with the mounting surface to provide support to the support surface. 34. The assembly of claim 33, wherein the support protrusions comprise spaced apart columns. 35. The assembly of claim 34, wherein the support columns are hollow and have openings to facilitate the draining of water from the support surface of the first support member. 36. The assembly of claim 33, wherein the support protrusions comprise members that extend across the lateral width of the first support member. 37. The assembly of claim 25, wherein the first flexible solar module is partially mounted on the second elevated surface so as to define an exposed access space. 38. The assembly of claim 25, wherein the securing assembly comprises at least one base element secured to the mounting surface and fasteners that interconnect the at least one base element and the first support member. 39. The assembly of claim 38, wherein the at least one base element comprises a first and a second base element that are positioned adjacent a first and a second edge of the first support member. 40. The assembly of claim 30, wherein the fasteners comprise protrusions that extend outward from the base member that extend through openings in the first support member and couplers that couple to the portion of the protrusions that extend through the first support member to secure the first support member to the base member. 41. The assembly of claim 40, wherein the fasteners are selected from the group consisting essentially of nuts, pins, bolts and clips. 42. The assembly of claim 38, further comprising: a second module support member that is adapted to be positioned on a mounting surface, wherein the second module support member extends outward from the mounting surface and wherein the second module support member is shaped so as to define a first elevated surface and a second elevated surface that intersect at an apex defining the height of the elevated surfaces; a second flexible solar module that is mounted on the second module support member so as to extend over the first elevated surface. 43. The assembly of claim 42, wherein fasteners from at least one base member extend through the first and the second module support member to secure both the first and the second module support member to the mounting surface. 44. The assembly of claim 43, wherein the at least one base member is adhered to the mounting surface. 45. The assembly of claim 44, wherein the at least one base member is belt shaped and has an adhesive layer. 46. A solar module assembly comprising: a first module support member that defines a support surface with an elevated surface having a length and a lateral width that is adapted to be positioned on a mounting surface, wherein the first support member extends outward from the mounting surface; a first flexible solar module that is mounted on the first support member so as to extend over at least one of the first elevated surface; a securing assembly that secures the first support member to the mounting surface wherein the first module support member has first and second foot members at the ends of the first module support member that secure the first support member to the mounting surface; and a plurality of support members that engage with the first module support member so as to extend between the first module support member and the mounting surface, wherein the plurality of support members extend in rows across the lateral width of the elevated surface. 47. The assembly of claim 46, wherein the plurality support members comprise round cup shaped recesses formed into the first module support member. 48. The assembly of claim 47, wherein the plurality of support members have substantially the same height. 49. The assembly of claim 47, wherein the plurality of support members comprise a plurality of grooves that extend across the width of the first module support member and have substantially the same size. 50. The assembly of claim 46, wherein the first module support member defines a curved support surface having an apex. 51. The assembly of claim 46, further comprising a second module support member that defines a support surface with an elevated surface having a length and a lateral width that is adapted to be positioned on the mounting surface, wherein the second support member extends outward from the mounting surface wherein the second module support member has a first and second foot member at the ends of the second module support member; a second flexible solar module that is mounted on the first support member so as to extend over at least one of the first elevated surface; and wherein the securing assembly engages with a first foot of the first module support member and a first foot of the second module member to secure the first and second module support members to the mounting surface. 