An apparatus and method for remotely monitoring the temperature of acrolein in a storage tank has a temperature sensor in communication with the acrolein in the tank and with a temperature transmitter. A global positioning receiver/transmitter communicates with the temperature transmitter and sends the temperature data to a remote base station via a linking satellite while also providing location data about the storage tank. At the base station, the temperature data related to the actual temperature of the acrolein in the tank is compared to predetermined temperature set points. These predetermined set points correlate to polymerization reaction of the acrolein. When the set points are reached, a response processor initiates a response t control the polymerization reaction of the acrolein in the storage tank.
Claims 1. An apparatus for remotely monitoring the temperature of acrolein in a storage tank to detect a polymerization reaction comprising: a temperature sensor within said tank and in communication with said acrolein; a temperature transmitter receiving temperature data signals from said sensor; a global positioning receiver/transmitter in communication with a satellite to transmit said temperature data from said temperature transmitter to a receiver/transmitter at a remote base station, said global positioning receiver/transmitter sending tank location data to said remote base; a power source at said storage tank to power said temperature transmitter and said global positioning receiver/transmitter, said power source including a storage battery having a solar panel/charge controller; a data processor and comparator for comparing said temperature data received said remote base receiver/transmitter with a predetermined temperature set point; and an alarm and response processor in communication with said comparator to initiate a response to control a polymerization reaction of said acrolein in said storage tank. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprises a response module at said storage tank receiving response data transmitted from said alarm and response processor and activating said response to control said polymerization. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, further comprising a second power source at said tank to power said response module. 4. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein said second power source includes a storage battery having a solar panel/charge controller. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said predetermined set point is in the temperature range of approximately 80.degree. to approximately 120.degree. F. 6. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein said response module further comprises a chemical delivery unit for introducing a buffer solution into said tank upon initiation of said response to control said polymerization reaction. 7. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein said response module further comprises a cooling solution delivery unit for spraying cooling solution onto the surface of said storage tank upon initiation of said response t control said polymerization reaction. 8. A method of controlling acrolein polymerization in a storage tank comprising the steps of: providing said tank with an internal temperature sensor or probe; attaching the output of the probe to a temperature transmitter powered by a battery having a solar panel/charge controller; transmitting temperature data from said temperature transmitter to a global positioning receiver/transmitter and determining the location of said tank while in communication with a satellite; receiving said transmitted temperature data and tank location data from said satellite at a remote base station; processing and collecting said temperature and location data for comparing said processed temperature data with a predetermined temperature set point; initiating alarms and responses in a response processor when said temperature data corresponds to said predetermined temperature set point. 9. The method of claim 8, further comprising the steps of: transmitting response data from the response process to a response module; providing power to said response module from a battery having a solar panel/charge controller; and activating a response at said storage tank to control a polymerization reaction of the acrolein in said storage tank. 