A wireless base unit communicates with one or more wireless load manager units to receive power measurements for one or more loads connected to the wireless load manager. In response to dynamic variables, such as the changing price of electricity, the wireless base unit transmits commands to the wireless load manager to shut off or reduce power consumed by the one or more loads. In one variation, a wireless adapter also receives commands from the wireless base unit and converts the commands into a vendor-specific format used to control other devices such as a photovoltaic (PV) inverter.
Claims 1. A base unit comprising a processor, memory, and a wireless transceiver, the processor and memory programmed to: receive from the wireless transceiver measurements from a wireless energy control unit indicating electricity used by one or more loads coupled to the wireless energy control unit; make control decisions based on one or more dynamic variables; and transmit through the wireless transceiver one or more commands to remove or reduce electrical power to the one or more loads coupled to the wireless energy control unit. 2. The base unit of claim 1, wherein the control decisions are based on a dynamic cost of electricity. 3. The base unit of claim 1, wherein the control decisions are based on a storage charge on one or more storage devices. 4. The base unit of claim 1, wherein the control decisions are based on availability of alternative non-grid sources of electricity. 5. The base unit of claim 4, wherein the control decisions are based on availability of solar power available from one or more solar panels. 6. The base unit of claim 1, wherein the control decisions are based on the measurements received from the wireless energy control unit. 7. The base unit of claim 1, wherein the processor and memory are programmed to wirelessly receive the measurements from and wirelessly transmit the one or more commands to a plurality of energy control units each coupled to different loads. 8. The base unit of claim 1, wherein the processor and memory are programmed to wirelessly transmit commands to a photovoltaic (PV) inverter that converts DC current produced by a solar panel into AC current that is available to supply current to the one or more loads coupled to the wireless energy control unit. 9. The base unit of claim 8, wherein the processor and memory are programmed to wirelessly transmit the commands to a wireless adapter that receives the commands, converts them into a different protocol, and controls the PV inverter based on the different protocol. 10. The base unit of claim 1, wherein the processor and memory are programmed to wirelessly receive a temperature measurement from a wireless thermostat and transmit commands to the wireless thermostat to change a temperature setting. 11. The base unit of claim 1, wherein the processor and memory are programmed to wirelessly receive data from a wireless power meter that measures power used by devices located in a building. 12. The base unit of claim 11, wherein the processor and memory are programmed to wirelessly receive from the wireless power meter a variable cost of electricity. 13. The base unit of claim 1, wherein the processor and memory are programmed to sell excess electricity back to a utility company's grid based on the control decisions. 14. The base unit of claim 1, wherein the processor and memory are programmed to provide a user interface to an externally-coupled computer, wherein the user interface permits a user to configure settings used by the base unit used in making the control decisions. 15. The base unit of claim 1, wherein the processor and memory are programmed to defer power consumption by the one or more loads to a later time. 16. The base unit of claim 1, wherein the measurements comprise power measurements including voltage, amperage, and power factor. 17. A wireless load manager comprising a processor, memory, and a wireless transceiver, the processor and memory programmed to: transmit, through the wireless transceiver to a wireless base unit, measurements from one or more loads coupled to the wireless load manager indicating an amount of electricity presently consumed by the one or more loads; receive, through the wireless transceiver, one or more commands from the wireless base unit indicating that power should be removed or reduced to one or more loads coupled to the wireless load manager; and in response to the one or more commands, remove or reduce power to the one or more loads. 18. The wireless load manager of claim 17, wherein the measurements comprise voltage, amperage, and power factor. 19. The wireless load manager of claim 17, further comprising one or more current transducers that measure power used by the one or more loads coupled to the wireless load manager. 20. The wireless load manager of claim 17, further comprising one or more relays for removing power to the one or more loads. 21. The wireless load manager of claim 17, wherein the measurements transmitted to the base unit include a transducer index that correlates the transducer with a particular load. 22. A kit comprising in combination: a wireless base unit comprising a first processor, first memory, and a first wireless transceiver, the first processor and first memory programmed to receive from the first wireless transceiver measurements indicating electricity used by one or more loads; make control decisions based on one or more dynamic variables; and transmit through the first wireless transceiver one or more commands to remove or reduce electrical power to the one or more loads; and a wireless load manager comprising a second processor, second memory, and a second wireless transceiver, the second processor and second memory programmed to transmit, through the second wireless transceiver to the wireless base unit, measurements from one or more loads coupled to the wireless load manager indicating an amount of electricity presently consumed by the one or more loads; receive, through the second wireless transceiver, one or more commands from the wireless base unit indicating that power should be removed or reduced to one or more loads coupled to the wireless load manager; and in response to the one or more commands, remove or reduce power to the one or more loads. 23. The kit of claim 22, wherein the control decisions are based on a dynamic cost of electricity. 24. The kit of claim 22, wherein the control decisions are based on a storage charge on one or more storage devices. 25. The kit of claim 22, wherein the control decisions are based on availability of alternative non-grid sources of electricity. 26. A wireless device comprising: a processor, memory, and a wireless transceiver, the processor and memory programmed to: receive from the wireless transceiver one or more commands received from a wireless base unit indicating at least one inverter setting associated with an inverter that inverts DC current produced by a solar panel into AC current used by loads that are controlled by the wireless base unit; and cause a setting on the inverter to be changed in accordance with the received one or more commands. 27. The wireless device of claim 26, wherein the processor and memory are programmed to convert the one or more commands from a first protocol specific to the base unit to a second protocol specific to the inverter. 28. The wireless device of claim 26, wherein the processor and memory are programmed to receive a measurement indicating electricity available from one or more solar panels and to wirelessly transmit the measurement to the base unit through the wireless transceiver. 