A structure for storing and cooling electronics comprising a frame support, an internal equipment chamber mounted to the frame support, wherein the internal equipment chamber comprises a tubelike structure defining openings in a front and a back of the internal equipment chamber, and wherein the internal equipment chamber is configured to support electronic equipment such that the weight of the electronic equipment is born by the frame support and not the internal equipment chamber, and a plurality of removable panels disposed around the frame such that a gap is formed between the exterior of the internal equipment chamber and the plurality of removable panels, wherein air may circulate in the gap between the internal equipment chamber and the plurality of removable panels to help regulate a temperature within the internal equipment chamber.
Claims 1. A modular structure for storing and cooling electronics, comprising: a frame support; an internal equipment chamber mounted to the frame support, wherein the internal equipment chamber comprises a tubelike structure defining openings in a front and a back of the internal equipment chamber, and wherein the internal equipment chamber is configured to support electronic equipment such that the weight of the electronic equipment is born by the frame support and not the internal equipment chamber; and a plurality of removable panels disposed around the frame such that a gap is formed between the exterior of the internal equipment chamber and the plurality of removable panels, wherein air may circulate in the gap between the internal equipment chamber and the plurality of removable panels to help regulate a temperature within the internal equipment chamber. 2. The structure of claim 1, further comprising: a double-walled door mounted to the frame support and forming a seal with the front of the internal equipment chamber when the door is closed. 3. The structure of claim 1, further comprising: a temperature regulating device mounted to a rear section of the internal equipment chamber and forming a seal therewith, wherein the temperature regulation device is configured to regulate the temperature within the internal equipment chamber. 4. The structure of claim 3, wherein the temperature regulating device comprises one of a fan, an air conditioning unit, a thermoelectric cooler, and a geothermal cooler. 5. The structure of claim 1, wherein the internal equipment chamber comprises a corrugated material. 6. The structure of claim 1, wherein the frame is configured to provide substantially all of the structural strength necessary to support the internal equipment chamber, electronic equipment within the internal equipment chamber, and the plurality of removable panels. 7. The structure of claim 1, wherein the internal equipment chamber comprises a single piece of material formed into the tubelike structure. 8. The structure of claim 1, wherein the plurality of removable panels are configured such that the removable panels may sustain some mechanical damage without damaging the internal equipment chamber. 9. A system for cooling and protecting electronic equipment, comprising: a structural support frame; at least two tubelike internal equipment chambers mounted to the structural support frame, wherein each of the two tubelike internal equipment chambers comprises a front and a rear opening, wherein the each of the tubelike internal equipment chambers comprises a plurality of equipment mounting areas configured such that electronic equipment support devices may be affixed to the structural support frame such that the weight of the electronic equipment is born by the structural support frame and not the at least two tubelike internal equipment chambers; a plurality of external panels mounted to the structural support frame such that at least one gap is formed between the plurality of external panels and the at least two tubelike internal equipment chambers thereby allowing air to flow in the gap, wherein the plurality of external panels are configured to protect the tubelike equipment chamber from damage; two double paneled back panels mounted to the structural support and configured such that each of the two double paneled back panels forms a back seal with a respective one of the two tubelike internal equipment chambers; and at least one double paneled door mounted to the structural support and configured to form a seal with the front opening of at least one of the tubelike internal equipment chambers when the door is closed. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein the tubelike internal equipment chamber comprises a corrugated material. 11. The system of claim 9, further comprising an interchangeable temperature regulating device mounted to the rear section of at least one of the tubelike internal equipment chambers and forming a seal with the rear section of the at least one of the tubelike internal equipment chambers. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein the temperature regulating device comprises one of a fan, an air conditioning unit, a thermoelectric cooler, and a geothermal cooler. 13. A thermal system for cooling electronic equipment, comprising: a frame including at least a first side having a first opening, a second side having a second opening, and a top side having a third opening, the third opening being substantially perpendicular to the first and second openings; a cabinet disposed within the frame, the cabinet including a first wall attached to the first side of the frame, a second wall attached to the second side of the frame, a third wall attached to the top side of the frame, and a fourth wall that is substantially parallel to the third wall, wherein the first, second, third, and fourth walls define an internal chamber of the cabinet; an inner back panel attached to a back side of the frame, the inner back panel defining a back wall of the cabinet; an inner front panel attached to a front side of the frame, the inner front panel defining a movable front door for selectively permitting access into the internal chamber, wherein the internal chamber is substantially sealed when the front door is in a closed position; a plurality of removable panels disposed around the frame, the plurality of removable panels including at least: a first outer side panel attached to the first side of the frame and disposed opposite the first wall of the cabinet, wherein the first opening of the frame defines a first gap formed between the first outer side panel and the first wall of the cabinet; a second outer side panel attached to the second side of the frame and disposed opposite the second wall of the cabinet, wherein the second opening defines a second gap formed between the second outer side panel and the second wall of the cabinet. 14. The thermal system of claim 13, wherein the plurality of removable panels further include at least one of: an outer top panel attached to the top side of the frame and disposed opposite the third wall of the cabinet, wherein the third opening of the frame defines a third gap formed between the outer top panel and the third wall of the cabinet; an outer back panel attached to the back side of the frame and disposed adjacent to the inner back panel, wherein the outer back panel is spatially offset from the inner back panel such that a fourth gap is formed therebetween; and an outer front panel attached to the front side of the frame and disposed adjacent to the inner front panel, wherein the outer front panel is spatially offset from the inner front panel such that a fifth gap is formed therebetween. 15. The thermal system of claim 14, wherein each of the plurality of removable panels comprise solar shield configured to resist heat absorption. 16. The thermal system of claim 13, wherein at least one of the first, second, third, and fourth walls of the cabinet comprise a substantially corrugated configuration. 17. The thermal system of claim 13, wherein each wall of the cabinet comprises a substantially corrugated configuration, and wherein at least the first, second, and third walls of the cabinet include a substantially non-corrugated surface for attaching the cabinet and at least one component to the frame. 18. The thermal system of claim 14, further comprising at least one temperature regulating device disposed within at least one of the first, second, third, fourth, and fifth gaps and configured to facilitate the removal of heat from the internal chamber. 19. The thermal system of claim 13, wherein the frame is configured to provide substantially all of the structural strength necessary to support the cabinet. 20. The thermal system of claim 13, wherein the cabinet walls are formed from a single sheet of metal bent at substantially four equal angles. 