A photovoltaic (PV) generating system that includes a plurality of PV tracker units, each having: a PV panel with a plurality of PV generators connected to output electrical power and an actuator for positioning the PV panel. A multiple tracker control unit is in communication with the plurality of PV tracker units, the tracker control unit monitoring the output electrical power of the PV panels and controlling, in dependance on the monitored output electrical power, both: (i) power conversion of the output electrical power and (ii) the actuators of the PV tracker units, to optimize power output for the plurality of PV tracker units.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic (PV) generating system comprising: a plurality of PV tracker units, each comprising: at least one PV panel comprising a plurality of PV generators connected to output electrical power; and an actuator for positioning the at least one PV panel; a multiple tracker control unit in communication with the plurality of PV tracker units, the tracker control unit monitoring the output electrical power of the PV panels and controlling, in dependance on the monitored output electrical power, both: (i) power conversion of the output electrical power and (ii) the actuators of the PV tracker units, to optimize power output for the plurality of PV tracker units. 2. The PV generating system of claim 1 wherein the multiple tracker control unit comprises a single chip integrated circuit (IC) controlling both the power coversion and the actuators of the PV tracker units to optimize power output for the plurality of PV tracker units. 3. The PV generator system of claim 2 wherein the IC comprises multiple processor cores including processor cores that are each associated with a respective PV tracker unit and perform calculations controlling the power conversion of electrical power therefrom. 4. The PV generator system of claim 3 wherein the processor cores that perform calculations controlling the power conversion are configured to perform maximum power point tracking for their associated PV tracker units. 5. The PV generator system of claim 2 wherein the IC comprises, for each PV tracker unit, one or both of an on-chip DC-DC converter or DC-AC inverter performing the power conversion. 6. The PV generator system of claim 2 wherein the IC comprises one or both of (i) a DC/DC converter for regulating the voltage or current of a plurality of the PV tracker units; and (ii) a DC/AC inverter for converting a direct current signal received from a plurality of the PV tracker units into an AC signal for supply to a power bus. 7. The PV generator system of claim 2 wherein each PV tracker unit comprises a DC/DC converter for regulating the voltage or current of the PV tracker unit; and the IC comprises a DC/AC inverter for converting direct current signal received from a plurality of the PV tracker units into an AC signal for supply to a power bus. 8. The PV generator system of claim 2 wherein each processor core associated with a PV tracker unit controls a trajectory of the actuator of its associated PV tracker unit. 9. The PV generator system of claim 8 wherein the IC comprises on-chip motor driver circuits for driving the actuators of the PV tracker units. 10. The PV generator system of claim 1 wherein the PV tracker units each include an associated tracker support circuit that communicates over one or more communication links with the multiple tracker control unit, each tracker support circuit comprising a motor driver for driving the actuator of the associated PV tracker unit and a power conversion circuit including a DC-DC converter or a DC-AC inverter, the motor driver and the power conversion circuit operating under control of signals received from the multiple tracker control unit. 11. The PV generator system of claim 10 wherein the one or more communication links include a power line communications link. 12. The PV generating system of claim 1 wherein the multiple tracker control unit comprises multiple processsor cores in a chipset carried on a common substrate collectively controlling both the power conversion and the actuators of the PV tracker units to optimize power output for the plurality of PV tracker units. 13. The PV generating system of claim 1 wherein the actuator for each PV tracker panel positions the PV panel in two axes, the multiple tracker control unit being configured to perform a calibration routine during which a calibrated trajectory for each PV panel is calculated in dependence on the output electrical power therefrom. 14. The PV generating system of claim 13 wherein the calibration routine for each PV panel comprises: acquiring calibration data for a plurality of PV panel sample positions along a predetermined trajectory of movement of the PV panel, wherein acuiring calibration data for each PV panel sample position comprises monitoring the electrical power output from the PV panel as the PV panel orientation is varied to determine the orientation at which the monitored electrical power output is optimized at the PV panel sample location; and adjusting the predetermined trajectory in dependence on the calibration data to derive the calibrated trajectory. 15. The PV generating system of claim 13 wherein at least one of the PV panels is connected in series with another of the PV panels to form a serially connected PV panel pair, and wherein power conversion of the output electrical power from each PV panel comprises performing a DC-DC conversion to output a substantially constant voltage electrical power output signal, wherein the calibration routine comprises, for each serially connected pair of PV panels: acquiring calibration data for each of the PV panels of the PV panel pair at a plurality of sample positions along respective predetermined trajectories of movement of the PV panels by: at each sample position: (i) monitoring the power output from the PV panel pair as the orientation of a first one of the PV panels is incrementally varied in opposite directions relative to a first axis and determining for the first axis the orientation of the first one of the PV panels at which the monitored power is optimized; (ii) monitoring the power output from the PV panel pair as the orientation of the first one of the PV panels is incrementally varied in opposite directions relative to a second axis and determining for the second axis the orientation of the first one of the PV panels at which the monitored power is optimized; (iii) monitoring the power output from the PV panel pair as the orientation of a second one of the PV panels is incrementally varied in opposite directions relative to a first axis and determining for the first axis the orientation of the second one of the PV panels at which the monitored power is optimized; (iv) monitoring the power output from the PV panel pair as the orientation of the second one of the PV panels is incrementally varied in opposite directions relative to a second axis and determining for the second axis the orientation of the second one of the PV panels at which the monitored power is optimized; and adjusting the predetermined trajectory in dependence on the calibration data to derive the calibrated trajectory. 16. A tracker control unit for controlling a plurality of PV tracker units that each have at least one PV panel with PV generators connected to output electrical power and an actuator for positioning the at least one PV panel, the tracker control unit being configured to monitor the output electrical power of the PV panels and control, in dependance on the monitored output electrical power, both: (i) power conversion of the output electrical power and (ii) the actuators of the PV tracker units, to optimize power output for the plurality of PV tracker units. 17. The tracker control unit of claim 16 comprising a single chip integrated circuit (IC) configured to control both the power coversion and the actuators of the PV tracker units to optimize power output for the plurality of PV tracker units. 18. The tracker control unit of claim 17 wherein the IC comprises multiple processor cores including processor cores that are each associated with a respective PV tracker unit and perform calculations controlling the power conversion of electrical power therefrom. 19. The tracker control unit of claim 18 wherein the processor cores that perform calculations controlling the power conversion are configured to perform maximum power point tracking for their associated PV tracker units. 20. The tracker control unit of claim 17 wherein the IC comprises at least one of on-chip DC-DC converters or on-chip DC-AC inverters performing the power conversion. 21. The tracker control unit of claim 17 wherein the IC comprises on-chip motor driver circuits for driving the actuators of the PV tracker units. 22. The tracker control unit of claim 17 wherein the multiple tracker control unit comprises multiple processsor cores in a chipset carried on a common substrate collectively controlling both the power conversion and the actuators of the PV tracker units to optimize power output for the plurality of PV tracker units. 