An apparatus includes a slider including an air bearing surface and a waveguide configured to receive light from a light source, a sensor positioned to receive a portion of light emitted by the light source prior to the light exiting the slider at the air bearing surface, and a controller controlling the light source power in response to a characteristic of the sensor.
Claims 1. An apparatus comprising: a slider; a sensor disposed within the slider and configured from amorphous silicon. 2. The apparatus as claimed in claim 1 wherein the slider comprises a recording head. 3. The apparatus as claimed in claim 1 wherein the sensor is a photosensor. 4. The apparatus as claimed in claim 1 wherein the sensor is in juxtaposition with a waveguide. 5. The apparatus as claimed in claim 1 wherein the slider comprises a laser. 6. The apparatus as claimed in claim 1 wherein the slider is configured to perform heat assisted magnetic recording. 7. The apparatus as claimed in claim 3 wherein the photosensor comprises a resistivity that changes in response to light. 8. The apparatus as claimed in claim 3 wherein the photosensor is configured to produce a voltage in response to light. 9. The apparatus as claimed in claim 1 wherein the sensor is a solar cell. 10. The apparatus as claimed in claim 5 wherein the sensor is configured to monitor a characteristic of the laser. 11. A method comprising: fabricating a slider with a sensor disposed within the slider configured from amorphous silicon. 12. The method as claimed in claim 11 and further comprising: forming a recording head in the slider. 13. The method as claimed in claim 11 and further comprising: fabricating the sensor as a photosensor. 14. The method as claimed in claim 11 and further comprising: fabricating the sensor so as to be in juxtaposition with a waveguide. 15. The method as claimed in claim 11 and further comprising: fabricating a laser in the slider. 16. The method as claimed in claim 11 and further comprising: fabricating the slider to be capable of performing heat assisted magnetic recording. 17. The method as claimed in claim 13 and further comprising: fabricating the photosensor to have a resistivity that changes in response to light. 18. The method as claimed in claim 13 and further comprising: fabricating the photosensor to produce a voltage in response to light. 19. The method as claimed in claim 13 and further comprising: fabricating the sensor as a solar cell. 20. The method as claimed in claim 15 and further comprising: fabricating the sensor to monitor a characteristic of the laser. 