Process and apparatus are generally provided for forming a thin film photovoltaic device. In one particular embodiment, the process includes: depositing a photovoltaic absorber layer on a glass substrate; heating the glass substrate to an anneal temperature; and quenching the glass substrate to cool the glass substrate to a quenched temperature in less than 10 seconds. The quenched temperature can be about 85.degree. C. to about 200.degree. C. less than the anneal temperature. The quenching atmosphere can have a quenching pressure of about 1 torr or more and can include an inert gas.
Claims 1. A process of forming a thin film photovoltaic device, the process comprising: depositing a photovoltaic absorber layer on a glass substrate; heating the glass substrate to an anneal temperature; and, quenching the glass substrate with a quenching gas to cool the glass substrate to a quenched temperature in less than 10 seconds, the quenched temperature being about 85.degree. C. to about 200.degree. C. less than the anneal temperature, and wherein the quenching gas comprises an inert gas. 2. The process as in claim 1, wherein the anneal temperature is about 575.degree. C. to about 650.degree. C. 3. The process as in claim 2, wherein the quenched temperature is 500.degree. C. or less. 4. The process of claim 1, wherein the quenching gas has a quenching temperature of about 0.degree. C. to about 100.degree. C. 5. The process of claim 1, wherein the quenching gas is substantially free from oxygen. 6. The process of claim 1, wherein the glass substrate comprises borosilicate glass. 7. The process of claim 6, wherein the glass substrate has a thickness of about 0.5 mm to about 2.5 mm. 8. The process of claim 1, wherein quenching the glass substrate to cool the glass substrate to the quenched temperature is performed in a first quenching chamber. 9. The process of claim 8, further comprising: transporting the glass substrate from the first quenching chamber to a second quenching chamber; and cooling the glass substrate in the second quenching chamber to a second quenched temperature in a second quenching time of about 4 seconds to about 30 seconds, wherein the second quenched temperature is at least 100.degree. C. less than the quenched temperature. 10. The process of claim 9, wherein the second quenched temperature is about 225.degree. C. to about 375.degree. C. 11. The process of claim 1, wherein the glass substrate has a temperature gradient across its surface of less than 20.degree. C. during quenching. 12. The process of claim 11, further comprising: monitoring the temperature gradient across the surface of the glass substrate during quenching. 13. The process of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic absorber layer comprises cadmium telluride, the process further comprising: treating the photovoltaic absorber layer with cadmium chloride prior to heating and quenching. 14. The process of claim 13, wherein the photovoltaic absorber layer is treated with cadmium chloride via depositing cadmium chloride as a film layer on the cadmium telluride layer prior to annealing the cadmium telluride layer. 15. A process for forming a thin film photovoltaic device, the process comprising: depositing a cadmium telluride layer on a substrate in a vapor deposition chamber by heating a source material to produce source vapors that deposit onto the substrate, wherein the substrate has a deposition temperature of about 450.degree. C. to about 600.degree. C.; transporting the substrate from the vapor deposition chamber into an annealing chamber; heating the substrate to an anneal temperature to anneal the cadmium telluride layer, wherein the anneal temperature is about 575.degree. C. to about 650.degree. C.; transporting the substrate from the annealing chamber into a quenching chamber; and, quenching the glass substrate to cool the glass substrate to a quenched temperature of less than 500.degree. C. in a quenching time of less than 10 seconds, wherein the quenching atmosphere has a quenching pressure of about 1 torr or more, and wherein the quenching atmosphere comprises an inert gas. 16. The process of claim 15, wherein the substrate is transported from the vapor deposition chamber through a second deposition chamber and then into the annealing chamber. 17. The process of claim 16, further comprising: transporting the substrate from the vapor deposition chamber into the second deposition chamber, wherein the second vapor deposition chamber comprises a treatment material, wherein the treatment material comprises cadmium chloride; and, treating the cadmium telluride layer by heating the treatment material to produce treatment vapors that deposit onto the substrate; thereafter, transporting the substrate from the second vapor deposition chamber to the annealing chamber. 18. The process of claim 15, further comprising: oscillating the glass substrate during quenching. 19. The process of claim 15, wherein the quenching chamber comprises a plurality of coolant elements, wherein each coolant element is configured to reduce the temperature of a surface of the glass substrate in a zone adjacent to the coolant element. 20. The process of claim 19, further comprising: monitoring the temperature across the surface of the glass substrate during quenching at a plurality of points; and, adjusting the plurality of coolant elements to reduce any temperature gradient detected across the surface of the glass substrate. 