Real-time monitoring of an energy characteristic of a building such as an energy performance of the building or a carbon offset of the building is performed by first computing a heat transfer coefficient of the building from nighttime steady-state thermal load data of the building and from nighttime steady-state indoor and outdoor temperature data of the building. A thermal inertia of the building is then computed from nighttime transient indoor temperature data of the building and nighttime transient thermal load data of the building. During daytime, a solar radiation gain coefficient is computed from daytime thermal load data, daytime indoor and outdoor temperature data, incident solar radiation data, and the heat transfer coefficient. The energy characteristic of the building is then estimated in real time from the heat transfer coefficient, the thermal inertia, and the solar radiation gain coefficient.
Claims 1. A method for real-time monitoring of an energy characteristic of a building, the method comprising: during nighttime steady-state conditions, recording nighttime steady-state thermal load data of the building and recording steady-state indoor and outdoor temperature data of the building; computing a heat transfer coefficient of the building from the nighttime steady-state thermal load data and from the steady-state indoor and outdoor temperature data; during nighttime transient conditions, recording transient indoor temperature data of the building and nighttime transient thermal load data of the building; computing a thermal inertia of the building from the transient indoor temperature data and the nighttime transient thermal load data of the building; during daytime, recording daytime thermal load data of the building, daytime indoor and outdoor temperature data of the building, and incident solar radiation data; computing a solar radiation gain coefficient from the daytime thermal load data, the daytime indoor and outdoor temperature data, the incident solar radiation data, and the computed heat transfer coefficient; estimating in real-time the energy characteristic of the building from the heat transfer coefficient, the thermal inertia, and the solar radiation gain coefficient, wherein the energy characteristic comprises (a) an energy performance of the building, or (b) a carbon offset of the building, or both (a) and (b). 2. The method of claim 1 wherein the thermal inertia of the building is computed from the heat transfer coefficient of the building. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein recording steady-state indoor and outdoor temperature data of the building during nighttime comprises collecting outdoor temperature data from a remote weather station. 4. The method of claim 1 wherein recording incident solar radiation data during daytime comprises collecting solar radiation data from a remote weather station. 5. The method of claim 1 further comprising estimating a building heating load from the steady-state indoor and outdoor temperature data of the building recorded during nighttime. 6. The method of claim 1 further comprising estimating a daytime thermal load of the building from the daytime indoor and outdoor temperature data of the building and the incident solar radiation data. 7. The method of claim 1 wherein estimating in real-time the energy characteristic of the building comprises estimating a carbon offset of the building by comparing performance of the building computed from measurements with a performance of otherwise similar buildings in conformance with building standards. 8. A method for determining thermal characteristics of a building, the method comprising: during nighttime steady-state conditions, recording nighttime steady-state thermal load data of the building and recording steady-state indoor and outdoor temperature data of the building; computing a heat transfer coefficient of the building from the nighttime steady-state thermal load data and from the steady-state indoor and outdoor temperature data; determining from the heat transfer coefficient the thermal characteristics of the building, wherein the thermal characteristics comprise (a) a building energy score, (b) a building heating requirement, (c) a building energy retrofit estimate, (d) a building quality assurance value, or any combination of (a), (b), (c), and (d). 9. The method of claim 8 wherein determining the thermal characteristics of the building comprises determining a building heating requirement by estimating nighttime thermal loads using an overall heat transfer coefficient and measurements of real-time indoor/outdoor temperature differences. 10. The method of claim 8 wherein determining the thermal characteristics of the building comprises determining a building cooling requirement by using an overall heat transfer coefficient and measurements of real time indoor/outdoor temperature differences, and measurements of incident solar radiation. 