Systems and methods for disinfecting medical instruments are provided. In one embodiment, a system can include a hood to provide a clean zone, a chamber to dispose within the clean zone, and an ultrasonicator. More specifically, the chamber can include a volume and can be configured to retain a fluid and receive medical instruments. The chamber can also include a portal through which fluids enter or leave the chamber. The ultrasonicator can be used to sonicate the volume when the fluid is present. A related method of disinfecting medical instruments can be accomplished using the systems of the present disclosure.
Claims 1. A system for disinfecting medical instruments, comprising: a hood to provide a clean zone; a chamber to dispose within the clean zone, said chamber having a volume and being configured to retain a fluid and receive medical instruments, the chamber including a portal through which fluids enter or leave the chamber; and an ultrasonicator to sonicate into the volume of the chamber when the fluid is present. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the portal is operably connected to a source of a disinfectant fluid. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein the disinfectant fluid is an aqueous fluid and includes at least two of hydrogen peroxide, a peracid, an alcohol, and colloidal metal particles. 4. The system of claim 2, wherein the source of the disinfectant fluid is a disinfectant fluid tank. 5. The system of claim 2, wherein the source of disinfectant fluid includes at least two disinfectant fluids. 6. The system of claim 2, wherein the source of the disinfectant fluid is an enzyme or detergent solution. 7. The system of claim 2, wherein the disinfectant fluid is an aqueous fluid and includes a peroxygen and colloidal silver particles. 8. The system of claim 7, wherein the peroxygen includes a peroxide. 9. The system of claim 7, wherein the peroxygen includes both a peroxide and a peracid. 10. The system of claim 1, wherein the portal is operably connected to a source of a rinse fluid. 11. The system of claim 10, wherein the rinse fluid is water. 12. The system of claim 1, wherein the portal is operably connected to a manifold configured to control inlet and outlet of fluids from the chamber. 13. The system of claim 1, wherein the portal is operably connected to a receptacle for receiving discharged fluids from the system. 14. The system of claim 13, wherein the system further includes a filter disposed between the portal and the receptacle for receiving discharged fluids from the system, said filter configured to render the discharged fluids safe for disposal in a sewer system. 15. The system of claim 1, wherein the chamber includes a spray nozzle associated with the portal. 16. The system of claim 1, wherein the system includes a lid which covers the chamber. 17. The system of claim 1, wherein the chamber is integrated within the clean zone of the hood. 18. The system of claim 1, wherein the system includes a computer processing unit. 19. The system of claim 18, wherein the computer processing unit is programmed to regulate flow of fluids into and out of the chamber. 20. The system of claim 18, wherein the computer processing unit is programmed to activate the ultrasonicator. 21. The system of claim 18, wherein the computer processing unit is programmable. 22. The system of claim 18, wherein the computer processing unit is programmed to monitor the fluids that enter the chamber to determine their disinfecting effectiveness. 23. The system of claim 1, wherein the system includes a dryer configured to accelerate the drying of the medical instruments after disinfection. 24. The system of claim 23, wherein the dryer is integrated into the chamber. 25. The system of claim 23, wherein the dryer is integrated within the hood and external to the chamber. 26. The system of claim 23, wherein the dryer includes a heater. 27. The system of claim 23, wherein the dryer includes a fan. 28. The system of claim 1, wherein the system further includes a power generator. 29. The system of claim 28, wherein the power generator is a solar cell. 30. The system of claim 28, wherein the power generator is a gas powered generator. 31. The system of claim 1, wherein the system is self-contained and is configured for transport and use without external connections. 32. The system of claim 1, wherein the system is configured to disinfect the medical instruments within a time period of 60 minutes or less. 33. The system of claim 1, wherein the portal is configured to cause fluids to enter and leave the chamber. 34. The system of claim 1, comprising multiple portals through which fluids enter or leave the chamber. 35. The system of claim 1, configured for sterilizing medical instruments. 36. A system for disinfecting medical instruments, comprising: a disinfectant fluid comprising water, a colloidal transition metal, and a peroxygen; a chamber having a volume to retain the disinfectant fluid and receive medical instruments, the chamber including a portal through which the disinfectant fluid enters or leaves the chamber; and an ultrasonicator to sonicate into the disinfectant fluid when present within the volume. 37. The system of claim 36, wherein the portal is operably connected to a source of a disinfectant fluid. 38. The system of claim 37, wherein the source of the disinfectant fluid is a disinfectant fluid tank. 39. The system of claim 37, wherein the source of disinfectant fluid includes a second disinfectant fluid. 40. The system of claim 39, wherein the second disinfectant fluid is an enzyme or detergent solution. 41. The system of claim 36, wherein the colloidal transition metal includes colloidal silver particles. 42. The system of claim 36, wherein the peroxygen includes a peroxide. 43. The system of claim 36, wherein the peroxygen includes a peroxide and a peracid. 44. The system of claim 36, wherein the portal is operably connected to a source of a rinse fluid. 45. The system of claim 44, wherein the rinse fluid is water. 46. The system of claim 36, wherein the portal is operably connected to a manifold configured to control inlet and outlet of fluids from the chamber. 47. The system of claim 36, wherein the portal is operably connected to a receptacle for receiving discharged fluids from the system. 48. The system of claim 47, wherein the system further includes a filter disposed between the portal and the receptacle for receiving discharged fluids from the system, said filter configured to render the discharged fluids safe for disposal in the sewer. 49. The system of claim 36, wherein the chamber includes a spray nozzle associated. 50. The system of claim 36, wherein the system includes a lid which covers the chamber. 51. The system of claim 36, wherein the system includes a hood to provide a clean zone around the chamber. 52. The system of claim 36, wherein the system includes a computer processing unit. 53. The system of claim 52, wherein the computer processing unit is programmed to regulate flow of fluids into and out of the chamber. 54. The system of claim 52, wherein the computer processing unit is programmed to activate the ultrasonicator. 55. The system of claim 52, wherein the computer processing unit is programmable. 56. The system of claim 52, wherein the computer processing unit is programmed to monitor the fluids that enter the chamber to determine their disinfecting effectiveness. 57. The system of claim 36, wherein the system includes a dryer configured to accelerate the drying of the medical instruments after disinfection. 58. The system of claim 57, wherein the dryer is integrated into the chamber. 59. The system of claim 57, wherein the dryer is external to the chamber. 60. The system of claim 57, wherein the dryer includes a heater. 61. The system of claim 57, wherein the dryer includes a fan. 62. The system of claim 36, wherein the system further includes a power generator. 63. The system of claim 62, wherein the power generator is a solar cell. 64. The system of claim 62, wherein the power generator is a gas powered generator. 65. The system of claim 36, wherein the system is self-contained and is configured for transport and use without external connections. 66. The system of claim 36, wherein the system is configured to disinfect the medical instruments within a time period of 60 minutes or less. 67. The system of claim 36, wherein the portal is configured to cause fluids to enter and leave the chamber. 68. The system of claim 36, comprising multiple portals through which fluids enter or leave the chamber. 69. The system of claim 36, wherein the disinfectant fluid is a sterilant. 70. A method of disinfecting medical instruments, comprising: providing a volume of disinfectant fluid, said disinfectant fluid including water, a peroxygen, and colloidal metal particles; submerging medical instruments into the disinfectant fluid; and sonicating the disinfectant fluid and medical instruments. 71. The method of claim 70, wherein the volume of disinfectant fluid is disposed within a chamber configured to receive the disinfectant fluid and the medical instruments. 72. The method of claim 70, further comprising the step of disposing the medical instruments in as instrument receptacle prior to being submerged into the disinfectant fluid. 73. The method of claim 70, further comprising the step of rinsing the medical instruments with water after sonicating the disinfectant fluid and medical instruments. 74. The method of claim 70, further comprising the step of drying the medical instruments after sonicating the disinfectant fluid and medical instruments. 75. The method of claim 70, wherein the disinfectant fluid further includes an alcohol. 76. The method of claim 70, wherein the peroxygen includes a peroxide and a peracid. 77. The method of claim 70, further comprising providing a second disinfectant fluid and submerging the medical instruments in the second disinfectant fluid prior to submerging the medical instruments in the disinfectant fluid. 78. The method of claim 77, wherein the medical instruments are also sonicated while they are in the second disinfectant fluid. 79. The method of claim 77, wherein the second disinfectant fluid is an enzyme or detergent solution. 80. The method of claim 70, further comprising activating a computer processing unit to activate the sonicating step. 81. The method of claim 70, wherein the method is accomplished using a self-contained disinfecting unit. 82. The method of claim 70, wherein the method is accomplished and the medical instruments disinfected within a period of time of 60 minutes or less. 83. The method of claim 70, wherein the disinfectant fluid is a sterilant. 