In embodiments of the present invention improved capabilities are described for systems and methods that employ a control component and/or power source integrated in an LED based light source to control and/or power the LED light source wirelessly. In embodiments, the LED based light source may take the form of a standard light bulb that plugs into a standard lighting socket or fixture.
Claims 1.-20. (canceled) 21. A lighting power supply comprising: a power input adapted to receive power via a power supply circuit, wherein the power supply circuit is adapted to receive a supply of power from a primary source of power through a switch and includes a secondary source of power; an impedance sensor configured to generate an output indicative of an impedance, resistance or capacitance associated with the power supply circuit; and a controller configured to: determine an operational state of the switch based on a comparison of one or more measurements of the output of the impedance sensor and a threshold impedance, wherein the threshold impedance is established by the controller; and cause the power from the secondary source of power to be supplied to a light source when power from the primary source is not present on the power input and the determined operational state of the switch indicates that the switch is in a closed state. 22. The lighting power supply of claim 21, wherein the threshold impedance is set manually. 23. The lighting power supply of claim 21, wherein establishing the threshold impedance level further includes dynamically setting the threshold impedance value according to at least one measurement relating to the operational state of the switch. 24. The lighting power supply of claim 21, wherein the impedance sensor generates the output indicative of an impedance associated with the power supply circuit as part of a time domain reflectometry process. 25. The lighting power supply of claim 21, wherein the secondary source of power includes a DC power source. 26. The lighting power supply of claim 25, wherein the DC power source includes at least one of a rechargeable battery, a non-rechargeable battery, a photovoltaic cell, fuel cell, or super capacitor. 27. The lighting power supply of claim 25, wherein DC power from the DC power source is converted to AC power to supply power to the light source. 28. The lighting power supply of claim 21, wherein the light source is adapted to receive power via the power input. 29. The lighting power supply of claim 21, wherein the lighting power supply provides power to a bulb, tube, lamp, lighting fixture, or retrofit fixture. 30. The lighting power supply of claim 21, wherein the lighting power supply comprises an uninterruptable power source inverter, adapter, ballast or driver to condition power for an attached light source from the power input or secondary source of power. 31. A switch sensing power supply comprising: a power input adapted to receive power via a power supply circuit, wherein the power supply circuit is adapted to receive power from a primary source of power through a switch and includes a secondary source of power; a housing configured for connecting to the power input and to a device; a sensor configured to generate an output indicative of an impedance, resistance or capacitance associated with the power supply circuit; and a controller configured to: determine an operational state of the switch based on a comparison of one or more measurements of the output of the sensor and a threshold impedance, wherein the threshold impedance is established by the controller; and cause the power from the secondary source of power to be supplied to the device when power from the primary source is not present on the power input and the determined operational state of the switch indicates that the switch is in a closed state. 32. The switch sensing power supply of claim 31, wherein the device is a light source. 33. The switch sensing power supply of claim 31, wherein the threshold impedance is set one of manually or dynamically. 34. The switch sensing power supply of claim 31, wherein the switch sensing power supply comprises an uninterruptable power source inverter, adapter, ballast, battery back up power supply, or driver to condition power for one of an attached light source or other electrical device from the power input or secondary source of power. 35. The switch sensing power supply of claim 31, wherein the secondary source of power includes at least one of a rechargeable, a non-rechargeable battery, a photovoltaic cell, fuel cell, or super capacitor. 36. The switch sensing power supply of claim 31, wherein the controller is further configured to control charging of the at least one rechargeable battery, fuel cell, or super capacitor. 37. A lighting adapter comprising: a first connector configured to connect the adapter to a power supply circuit and a second connector configured to connect a lighting device to the adapter; a power input configured to receive power via the power supply circuit through the first connector, wherein the power supply circuit is configured to receive a power from a primary source of power through a switch and includes a secondary source of power; a sensor configured to sense an impedance, resistance or capacitance associated with the power supply circuit through the first connector and generate an output indicative of the sensed impedance, resistance or capacitance; and a controller configured to: determine an operational state of the switch based on a comparison of one or more generated outputs of the sensor and a threshold impedance, wherein the threshold impedance is established by the controller; and cause power from the secondary source of power to be supplied to the lighting device when power from the primary source is not present on the power input and the determined operational state of the switch indicates that the switch is in a closed state. 38. The lighting adapter of claim 37, wherein the lighting device comprises of a bulb, tube, lamp, lighting fixture, or retrofit fixture. 39. The lighting adapter of claim 37, wherein the lighting adapter comprises an uninterruptable power source inverter, ballast, battery back up power supply, or driver to condition power for one of an attached light source or other electrical device from the power input or secondary source of power. 40. The lighting adapter of claim 37, wherein the first connector is configured for mounting to an Edison socket. 