The present invention relates to a system for the articulated attachment between a reflector element used in a solar thermal concentration collector and its supporting structure. The system allows the attachment between the reflector mirror and the supporting structure in all its anchoring points without there being stresses of any type due to angular deviations on the reflector. It comprises a main body of attachment (2) intended for being fixed on the face of the reflector element (13) opposite the face of incidence of solar radiation, comprising a hole (14) intended for receiving a male fixing element (3), and adaptable joint means which allow the free rotation in space of the attachment between the reflector element (13) and the supporting structure. The adaptable joint means comprise a through hole (15) intended for allowing the passage therethrough of a threaded rod (3) having a first end for fixing in the hole of the main body of attachment (2) and a second end for receiving a nut or threaded female part intended for rigidly fixing the entire reflector element (13) and supporting structure assembly.
Claims 1. A system for the articulated attachment (1, 1', 1'') of solar reflector elements to supporting structures comprising a main body of attachment (2, 2', 2'') intended for being fixed on the face of the reflector element (13) opposite the face of incidence of solar radiation, comprising a hole (14, 14', 14'') intended for receiving a male fixing element (3, 3', 3''), at least one adaptable joint means which allow the free rotation in space of the attachment between the reflector element (13) and the supporting structure, wherein the at least one adaptable joint means comprise a through hole intended for allowing the passage therethrough of the male fixing element (3, 3', 3''), the male fixing element (3, 3', 3'') having a first end for housing in the hole (14) of the main body of attachment (2, 2') and a second end for receiving a female fixing element (5, 5') intended for rigidly fixing the entire reflector element (13) and supporting structure assembly. 2. System for the articulated attachment (1) according to claim 1, characterized in that the main body of attachment (2) comprises two spherical housings (6, 7) connected through the hole (14) and with a common center of rotation in space, System (1) comprises a spherical washer (4) with a through hole (15), and the male fixing element (3) comprises a spherical head (9) wherein the spherical washer (4) rests on the spherical housing (7) of the main body of attachment (2), the spherical head (9) of the male fixing element (3) rests on the spherical housing (6) of the main body of attachment (2), and the through hole (14) has a diameter substantially greater than that of the male fixing element (3) which allows the rotation of said fixing element (3) about any axis in space passing through the fixed point of rotation of the spherical housings (6) and (7) of the main body of attachment (2). 3. System for the articulated attachment (1) according to claim 2, characterized in that the diameter of the through hole (14) allows the rotation of the male fixing element (3) at an angle having a maximum value of 3.degree., preferably 2.degree.. 4. System for the articulated attachment (1) according to claim 2, characterized in that it comprises a washer (12) arranged between the supporting structure (10) and the female fixing element (5). 5. System for the articulated attachment (1) according to claim 2, characterized in that it comprises a protective film (8) applied on the area of the main body of attachment (2) intended for being fixed on the face of the reflector element (13) opposite the face of incidence of solar radiation. 6. System for the articulated attachment (1') according to claim 1, characterized in that the main body of attachment (2') comprises a housing (19) in which a female part (17) provided with a threaded hole (14') is located, the system (1') comprises a first assembly of double spherical washers (4', 4'') and a second assembly of double spherical washers (6', 6'') wherein the first assembly of double spherical washers (4', 4'') is arranged between the main body of attachment (2') and the supporting structure (10), the second assembly of double spherical washers (6', 6'') is arranged in the opposite face of the supporting structure (10), and in the position of attachment, the male fixing element (3) passes through the holes of the first assembly of double spherical washers (4', 4''), a mounting hole of the supporting structure (10), and the second assembly of double spherical washers (6', 6''), and is fixed to the female fixing element (5'), and the holes of the first assembly of double spherical washers (4', 4''), of the supporting structure (10), and of the second assembly of double spherical washers (6', 6'') have a diameter substantially greater than that of the male fixing element (3) which allows the movement of said first and second assemblies of double spherical washers. 7. System for the articulated attachment (1') according to claim 6, characterized in that the diameter of the holes of the first and second assemblies of double spherical washers allows the rotation of said assemblies. 8. System for the articulated attachment (1'') according to claim 1, characterized in that the main body of attachment (2'') comprises a raised and curved central area (20) with a through hole (14'') with a side aperture communicating with a window (18), the system (1'') comprises a spherical washer (4''') with a through hole (15'), and the male fixing element (3'') comprises a spherical head (9'') wherein the spherical washer (4''') rests on the surface of the raised and curved central area (20) of the main body of attachment (2''), the spherical head (9) of the male fixing element (3) is adjusted, in operating situation, to the inner surface of the raised and curved central area (20) of the main body of attachment (2''), and the through hole (14'') has a diameter substantially greater than that of the male fixing element (3'') which allows the rotation of said fixing element (3'') about any axis in space passing through the fixed point of rotation of the main body of attachment (2''). 9. System for the articulated attachment (1'') according to claim 8, characterized in that the main body of attachment (2'') comprises a planar lower lamina (21) intended for being fixed to the reflector element (13). 10. System for the articulated attachment (1'') according to claim 8, characterized in that the diameter of the through hole (14) allows the rotation of the male fixing element (3) at an angle having a maximum value of 3.degree., preferably 2.degree.. 11. System for the articulated attachment (1'') according to claim 8, characterized in that it comprises a washer (12'') arranged between the supporting structure (10) and the female fixing element (5''). 12. A reflector for solar energy concentrators comprising at least one system for the articulated attachment (1, 1', 1'') to its supporting structure according to claim 1. 13. A solar energy reflecting installation comprising at least one reflector according to claim 12. 14. A method for the attachment of a reflector element (13) to its supporting structure comprising the following steps: providing at least one system for the attachment (1, 1', 1'') according to claim 1; fixing the at least one system for the attachment (1, 1', 1'') on the face of the reflector element (13) opposite the face of incidence of solar radiation, in a position coinciding with the corresponding area of attachment of the supporting structure; positioning the reflector element with the at least one system for the attachment (1, 1', 1'') on the supporting structure; and fixing the assembly to obtain a rigid attachment. 