A method is disclosed for performing stochastic unit commitment for an electric power grid with a first weather dependent power generation unit and a second weather dependent power generation unit and a number of loads. For each of the first and the second power generation units, a plurality of scenarios indicative of future power production is based on weather forecast data: First and second correlated scenarios are identified for the first and second weather dependent power generation units, respectively. The stochastic unit commitment is based on a single combined scenario representing the first and the second scenarios of the pair of correlated scenarios.
Claims 1. A method of performing stochastic unit commitment for an electric power grid including a first weather dependent power generation unit, a second weather dependent power generation unit, and a number of loads, the method comprising: providing weather forecast data for the first and second weather dependent power generation units; generating, for each of the first and the second weather dependent power generation units, a plurality of scenarios indicative of future power production based on the weather forecast data; identifying, according to a correlation criterion, a pair of correlated scenarios having a first scenario for the first weather dependent power generation unit and a second scenario for the second weather dependent power generation unit; and performing the stochastic unit commitment based on a single combined scenario representing the first scenario and the second scenario of the pair of correlated scenarios. 2. The method of claim 1, comprising: de-selecting scenarios, that are unlikely to occur, according to a probability criterion; and disregarding de-selected scenarios for the stochastic unit commitment. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein a scenario includes a number of subsequent forecast steps each having a forecasted power and probability, the method comprising: identifying the first scenario and the second scenario as a pair of correlated scenarios if a first sequence of forecasted probabilities of the first scenario and a second sequence of probabilities of the second scenario are identical or within a predefined band at each point in time for which the unit commitment is executed. 4. The method of claim 3, wherein the first and second sequences are time-wise delayed. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein the first scenario and the second scenario each include a relative forecasted power; and wherein the first scenario is similar to the second scenario, when the relative forecasted power of the first scenario and the relative forecasted power of the second scenario differ not more than 20%. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein a weather dependent power generation unit is a wind power generation unit and wherein the weather forecast data comprises: local wind forecast data. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein a weather dependent power generation unit is a solar power generation unit, and wherein the forecast data comprises: cloudiness forecast data. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein the electric power grid comprises: a non-weather dependent power production unit, and wherein the stochastic unit commitment comprises: a unit commitment of the non-weather dependent power production unit. 9. A non-transitory computer-readable medium storing computer program instructions which when executed by a computer programmed with the instructions causes the computer to perform stochastic unit commitment for an electric power grid including a first weather dependent power generation unit, a second weather dependent power generation unit, and a number of loads, a method for performing the stochastic unit commitment comprising: providing weather forecast data for the first and second weather dependent power generation units; generating, for each of the first and the second weather dependent power generation units, a plurality of scenarios indicative of future power production based on the weather forecast data; identifying, according to a correlation criterion, a pair of correlated scenarios having a first scenario for the first weather dependent power generation unit and a second scenario for the second weather dependent power generation unit; and performing the stochastic unit commitment based on a single combined scenario representing the first scenario and the second scenario of the pair of correlated scenarios. 10. The computer readable medium of claim 9, the stochastic unit commitment comprising: de-selecting scenarios, that are unlikely to occur, according to a probability criterion; and disregarding de-selected scenarios for the stochastic unit commitment. 11. The compute readable medium of claim 9, wherein a scenario includes a number of subsequent forecast steps each having a forecasted power and probability, and the stochastic unit commitment comprises: identifying the first scenario and the second scenario as a pair of correlated scenarios if a first sequence of forecasted probabilities of the first scenario and a second sequence of probabilities of the second scenario are identical or within a predefined band at each point in time for which the unit commitment is executed. 12. The computer readable medium of claim 9, wherein the first and second sequences are time-wise delayed. 13. The computer readable medium of claim 9, wherein the first scenario and the second scenario each include a relative forecasted power: and wherein the first scenario is similar to the second scenario, when the relative forecasted power of the first scenario and the relative forecasted power of the second scenario differ not more than 20%. 14. The computer readable medium of claim 9, wherein a weather dependent power generation unit is a wind power generation unit, and wherein the weather forecast data comprises: local wind forecast data. 15. The computer readable medium of claim 9, wherein a weather dependent power generation unit is a solar power generation unit, and wherein the forecast data comprises: cloudiness forecast data. 16. The computer readable medium of claim 9, wherein the electric power grid comprises: a non-weather dependent power production unit, and wherein the stochastic unit commitment comprises: a unit commitment of the non-weather dependent power production unit. 17. An energy management system for forecasting, monitoring and/or controlling the power production of power generation units of an electric power grid, comprising: first and second weather dependent power generation units; and a processor for performing stochastic unit commitment for an electric power grid including the first weather dependent power generation unit, the second weather dependent power generation unit, and a number of loads, the stochastic unit commitment processor including means for: providing weather forecast data for the first and second weather dependent power generation units; generating, for each of the first and the second weather dependent power generation units, a plurality of scenarios indicative of future power production based on the weather forecast data; identifying, according to a correlation criterion, a pair of correlated scenarios having a first scenario for the first weather dependent power generation unit and a second scenario for the second weather dependent power generation unit; and performing the stochastic unit commitment based on a single combined scenario representing the first scenario and the second scenario of the pair of correlated scenarios. 18. The energy management system of claim 17, the stochastic unit commitment comprising: de-selecting scenarios, that are unlikely to occur, according to a probability criterion; and disregarding the de-selected scenarios for the stochastic unit commitment. 19. The energy management system of claim 17, wherein a scenario includes a number of subsequent forecast steps each having a forecasted power and probability, and the stochastic unit commitment comprises: identifying the first scenario and the second scenario as a pair of correlated scenarios if a first sequence of forecasted probabilities of the first scenario and a second sequence of probabilities of the second scenario are identical or within a predefined band at each point in time for which the unit commitment is executed. 20. The energy management system of claim 17, wherein the first and second sequences are time-wise delayed. 21. The energy management system of claim 17, wherein the first scenario and the second scenario each include a relative forecasted power; and wherein the first scenario is similar to the second scenario, when the relative forecasted power of the first scenario and the relative forecasted power of the second scenario differ not more than 20%. 22. The energy management system of claim 17, wherein a weather dependent power generation unit is a wind power generation unit, and wherein the weather forecast data comprises: local wind forecast data. 23. The energy management system of claim 17, wherein a weather dependent power generation unit is a solar power generation unit, and wherein the forecast data comprises: cloudiness forecast data. 24. The energy management system of claim 17, wherein the electric power grid comprises a non-weather dependent power production unit, and wherein the stochastic unit commitment comprises: a unit commitment of the non-weather dependent power production unit. 