A solar tracker and more specifically to a modular support assembly for a solar tracker that allows reduced assembly and transportation costs.
Claims 1. A solar tracker assembly for solar collectors comprising: an upper support assembly having a first longitudinal support extent and a second longitudinal support extent and wherein each of said first and second longitudinal support extents includes: a tube assembly having a tube with a longitudinal axis and an outer circumferential surface and wherein said tube includes a drive end and an opposing outer end and at least two slip plates welded to said outer circumferential surface and a drive adapter plate welded to the drive end; at least two mounting plates welded to said slip plates and wherein each of said mounting plates includes a plurality of mounting plate bolt holes with at least two different sizes of bolt holes; a rib assembly having a plurality of rib sections extending laterally outwardly from said tube; and wherein each of said rib sections includes an inner rib section and an outer rib section and wherein said inner rib section includes a plurality of rib bolt holes and wherein said inner rib section is coupled to said mounting plate. 2. The solar tracker assembly of claim 1 wherein said at least two slip plates each include an arcuate inner edge and an outer edge and wherein a slip surface extends between said arcuate inner edge and said outer edge. 3. The solar tracker assembly of claim 1 wherein each of said at least two slip plates welded to said tube assembly are configured such that the slip surface of each of said at least two slip plates are substantially aligned form a single slip plane surface. 4. The solar tracker assembly of claim 2 wherein said tube outer circumferential surface includes deviations from an expected outer circumferential surface and wherein each of said arcuate inner edge of said at least two slip plates substantially matches said expected outer circumferential surface. 5. The solar tracker assembly of claim 4 wherein said arcuate inner edge of said at least two slip plates form approximately a 360 degree circle with minor gaps between two adjacent slip plates and wherein each of said slip plates has a radial point for said arcuate edges and wherein when said at least two slip plates are welded to said tube, each of said radial points are substantially aligned. 6. The solar tracker assembly of claim 1 wherein said mounting plate includes at least one four directional location hole, at least one two direction location hole, and a plurality of oversized holes. 7. The solar tracker assembly of claim 1 wherein said inner rib section includes at least one four directional location hole and at least one two direction location hole, and a plurality of oversized holes. 8. The solar tracker assembly of claim 6 wherein each of said at least two mounting plates includes a linear edge and wherein said linear edges are substantially aligned when said at least two mounting plates are welded to said slip plates. 9. The solar tracker assembly of claim 8 wherein each of said at least two mounting plates includes a second edge, opposite said linear edge and wherein said second edge is angled relative to said linear edge and not parallel to said linear edge. 10. The solar tracker assembly of claim 6 wherein said two directional hole is a slot having a width and a length, and wherein said width is smaller than said length and said width is substantially equal to a diameter of said four directional location hole and wherein said oversized holes all have a diameter that is greater than said width and smaller than said length. 11. The solar tracker assembly of claim 1 wherein each of said mounting plates includes a linear edge and a second opposing edge and an inner surface extending therebetween and wherein said inner edge includes a first and second inner portion and an arcuate portion between said first and second inner portions, and wherein said arcuate portion has a radius that is greater than the radius of the inner arcuate edge on said slip plate. 12. The solar tracker assembly of claim 11 wherein said first and second inner surfaces are substantially aligned. 13. The solar tracker assembly of claim 1 further including a drive unit capable of rotation about at least one axis and said drive adapter plate is coupled to said drive unit and wherein said drive adapter plate includes a plurality of inner bolt holes and a plurality of outer bolt holes each arranged circumferentially about a single radius point. 14. The solar tracker assembly of claim 1 wherein said inner rib section includes an inner rib surface having an arcuate cutout portion. 15. The solar tracker assembly of claim 14 wherein said inner rib surface of one inner rib is configured to engage said inner rib surface of an opposing rib, and wherein each of said plurality of rib sections is disposed in an opposing relationship to another of said rib sections with said tube therebetween. 16. The solar tracker assembly of claim 1 wherein each of said outer rib section and said inner rib section includes a center portion extending between an upper support surface and a lower support surface and wherein said upper support surface on each of said outer and inner rib sections is substantially aligned and wherein each of said lower support surface on each of said outer and inner rib sections is substantially aligned and wherein said upper support surface and said lower support surface are angled relative to each other and are not aligned. 17. The solar tracker assembly of claim 16 wherein said lower support surface approaches said upper support surface, and said upper support surface is offset from said longitudinal axis and extends perpendicularly away from said longitudinal axis relative to two axes. 18. The solar tracker assembly of claim 16 further including support protrusions extending between said center portion and said upper support surface. 19. The solar tracker assembly of claim 1 wherein each of said outer rib section and said inner rib section is formed from two halves, each having a C shape and wherein each half is welded in an opposing relationship to create an I shape, and wherein one of said halves welded to the other half has a greater length. 20. The solar tracker assembly of claim 1 wherein each of said inner rib section and outer rib section includes a first half having a first length and a second half having a second length and wherein said first length is greater than said second length. 21. The solar tracker assembly of claim 20 wherein said inner rib surface on said inner rib section is formed by each half. 22. The solar tracker assembly of claim 20 wherein the outermost of an outer edge on said halves of said inner rib section is only formed by one of said halves. 23. The solar tracker assembly of claim 20 wherein each of said outer and inner rib sections include a mounting surface formed by the extension of one half past the other half and wherein said mounting surfaces of said outer and inner rib sections are welded together. 24. The solar tracker assembly of claim 27 wherein the shorter of each half on each of said inner rib section and said outer rib section abuts the longer of each half on each of said inner rib section and said outer rib section. 25. The solar tracker assembly of claim 1 further including a plurality of stingers extending substantially parallel to said tube and substantially perpendicular to said rib assemblies and wherein said plurality of stringers are coupled to an upper support surface on each of said rib assemblies. 26. The solar tracker assembly of claim 25 further including a plurality of secondary support beams extending perpendicular to said stringers and substantially parallel to each rib assembly and wherein said plurality of secondary support beams includes individual support beams located between each of said rib assemblies and as well as located proximate to and aligned with each of said rib assemblies. 27. The solar tracker assembly of claim 26 wherein said secondary support beam is coupled to an inner longitudinal support member and an outer longitudinal support member. 