A power conversion system for providing power to an electrical grid is described. The system includes a power converter coupled to a direct current (DC) power source. The system also includes a contactor coupled to the power converter and the electrical grid and configured to selectively electrically couple the power converter to the electrical grid. The system also includes a system controller communicatively coupled to the power converter and the contactor and configured to close the contactor to electrically couple the power converter to the electrical grid and to activate the power converter when a DC voltage provided has remained higher than a voltage level for a length of time. The system controller is also configured to deactivate the power converter, while the contactor is maintained in the closed position, when an alternating current (AC) power output has remained lower than a power level for a length of time.
Claims 1. A power conversion system for providing power to an electrical grid comprising: a power converter coupled to and configured to receive power generated by a direct current (DC) power source; a contactor coupled to said power converter and said electrical grid and configured to selectively electrically couple said power converter to said electrical grid; and a system controller communicatively coupled to said power converter and said contactor and configured to: close said contactor to electrically couple said power converter to said electrical grid and activate said power converter when a DC voltage provided to said power converter has remained higher than a predefined voltage level for a predefined length of time; and deactivate said power converter, while maintaining said contactor in the closed position, when an alternating current (AC) power output of said power converter has remained lower than a predefined power level for a predefined length of time. 2. A system in accordance with claim 1, wherein said DC power source comprises a photovoltaic (PV) array. 3. A system in accordance with claim 1, wherein said system controller is further configured to determine if the DC voltage provided to said power converter is greater than the predefined voltage level. 4. A system in accordance with claim 1, wherein said system controller is further configured to determine the AC power output of said power converter. 5. A system in accordance with claim 1, wherein said power converter comprises a two-stage power converter. 6. A system in accordance with claim 1, wherein said system controller comprises a memory device configured to store at least one predefined length of time, a predefined voltage level, a predefined power level, and a contactor-open delay value. 7. A system in accordance with claim 6, wherein said system controller is configured monitor a length of time said contactor is closed. 8. A system in accordance with claim 7, wherein said system controller is further configured to open said contactor when the DC voltage provided to said power converter has remained lower than the predefined voltage level for the predefined length of time and the length of time said contactor has been closed exceeds the contactor-open delay value. 9. A method for operating a power conversion system, the power conversion system comprising a power converter and a contactor configured to selectively electrically couple the power converter to an electrical grid, said method comprising: determining that a direct current (DC) voltage provided to the power converter has remained higher than a predefined voltage level for a predefined length of time; closing the contactor to electrically couple the power converter to the electrical grid; activating the power converter to convert the DC voltage input to an alternating current (AC) voltage output; determining an AC power output of the power converter; and discontinuing operation of the power converter, while maintaining the contactor in the closed position, when the AC power output has remained lower than a predefined power level for a predefined length of time. 10. A method in accordance with claim 9, wherein discontinuing operation of the power converter comprises turning-off the power converter. 11. A method in accordance with claim 9, further comprising monitoring a length of time the contactor is closed. 12. A method in accordance with claim 11, further comprising opening the contactor when the DC voltage provided to the power converter has remained lower than the predefined voltage level for the predefined length of time and the length of time the contactor has been closed exceeds a stored contactor-open delay value. 13. A method in accordance with claim 9, wherein determining that the DC voltage is greater than a predefined voltage level comprises measuring a DC bus voltage within the power converter and wherein operating the power converter comprises activating a DC to AC inverter included within the power converter when the DC bus voltage is greater than the predefined voltage level. 14. A system controller coupled to, and configured to control operation of, a power conversion system that includes a power converter coupled to a photovoltaic (PV) array and a contactor configured to selectively electrically couple the power converter to an electrical grid, said system controller configured to: determine an AC power output of the power converter; and discontinue operation of the power converter, while maintaining the contactor in a closed position, when the AC power has remained lower than a predefined power level for a predefined length of time. 15. A system controller in accordance with claim 14, further configured to control operation of the contactor. 16. A system controller in accordance with claim 15, further configured to determine that a direct current (DC) voltage provided to the power converter has remained higher than a predefined voltage level for a predefined length of time and to close the contactor to electrically couple the power converter to the electrical grid. 17. A system controller in accordance with claim 16, further configured to discontinue operation of the power converter, while maintaining the contactor in the closed position, after determining the AC power output of the power converter has remained lower than the predefined power level for a predefined length of time. 18. A system controller in accordance with claim 15, further configured to: monitor a length of time the contactor is closed; and open the contactor when the DC voltage provided to the power converter has remained lower than the predefined voltage level for the predefined length of time and the length of time the contactor has been closed exceeds a contactor-open delay. 19. A system controller in accordance with claim 14, further configured to operate a two-stage power converter. 20. A system controller in accordance with claim 19, further configured to: measure a DC bus voltage provided to a DC to AC inverter included within the two-stage power converter; and operate the DC to AC inverter when the DC bus voltage is above the predefined voltage level and the output of the DC to AC inverter is above the predefined power level. 