An in-vehicle battery charging system adaptable to a wide variety of objects to be charged. A charging system 1 includes a battery charger 3 with a built-in primary coil 2 used to charge an object 7 with a secondary coil 5 and a rechargeable battery 6. By allowing the battery charger 3 and the object 7 to come close to each other, the rechargeable battery 6 is charged through an electromagnetic inductive action between the coils. The battery charger 3, provided in a vehicle instrumental panel 4, includes a slider assembly 23 for adjusting a position of the secondary coil 5 of the object 7 with respect to the primary coil 2 of the battery charger 3. This slider assembly 23 enables a positional relationship between the coils to be properly adjusted, enabling a proper charge condition to be maintained for a variety of objects to be charged.
Claims 1. An in-vehicle battery charging system for charging an object including an energy receiving unit and a rechargeable battery, comprising: a battery charger with an energy transmitting unit, the battery charger being provided in an instrumental panel of a vehicle and allowed to come close to the object to be charged, thus charging the rechargeable battery, using an energy received by the energy receiving unit from the energy transmitting unit; and a holding unit for adjusting a position of the energy receiving unit of the object to be charged with respect to the energy transmitting unit of the battery charger. 2. The in-vehicle battery charging system according to claim 1, wherein the battery charger includes a mounting surface on which the object to be charged is mounted, the mounting surface being tilted forward in a travelling direction of a vehicle, while the holding unit is provided on the mounting surface in such a fashion that a vertical position of the holding unit is adjustable. 3. The in-vehicle battery charging system according to claim 2, wherein a recess is formed in an upper portion of the mounting surface, the recess being formed into a size large enough for an upper portion of the object to be charged to get thereinto. 4. The in-vehicle battery charging system according to claim 1, further comprising a position adjusting unit for adjusting a position of the object to be charged, wherein the position adjusting unit includes an operative unit for enabling a vertical position of the holding unit to be fixed and unfixed. 5. The in-vehicle battery charging system according to claim 2, further comprising a position adjusting unit for adjusting a position of the object to be charged, the position adjusting unit including an operative unit for enabling a vertical position of the holding unit to be fixed and unfixed. 6. The in-vehicle battery charging system according to claim 3, further comprising a position adjusting unit for adjusting a position of the object to be charged, the position adjusting unit including an operative unit for enabling a vertical position of the holding unit to be fixed and unfixed. 7. The in-vehicle battery charging system according to claim 2, wherein a housing portion for housing and mounting the object to be charged is provided in a central portion of the instrumental panel of the vehicle, the housing portion being provided with the mounting surface. 8. The in-vehicle battery charging system according to claim 3, wherein a housing portion for housing and mounting the object to be charged is provided in a central portion of the instrumental panel of the vehicle, the housing portion being provided with the mounting surface. 9. The in-vehicle battery charging system according to claim 2, wherein the energy transmitting unit is a primary coil and the energy receiving unit is a secondary coil, the primary coil being provided continuously over a substantially entire length of the mounting surface in a traverse direction thereof. 10. The in-vehicle battery charging system according to claim 3, wherein the energy transmitting unit is a primary coil and the energy receiving unit is a secondary coil, the primary coil being provided continuously over a substantially entire length of the mounting surface in a traverse direction thereof. 11. The in-vehicle battery charging system according to claim 2, wherein the object to be charged is a mobile terminal with a built-in GPS device, a wireless function and an information display function, while the in-vehicle battery charging device includes a communication unit for transmitting, to the object to be charged, information collected from a travelling condition acquiring sensor mounted on a vehicle. 12. The in-vehicle battery charging system according to claim 3, wherein the object to be charged is a mobile terminal with a built-in GPS device, a wireless function and an information display function, while the in-vehicle battery charging device includes a communication unit for transmitting, to the object to be charged, information collected from a travelling condition acquiring sensor mounted on a vehicle. 13. The in-vehicle battery charging system according to claim 7, wherein the object to be charged is a mobile terminal with a built-in GPS device, a wireless function and an information display function, while the in-vehicle battery charging device includes a communication unit for transmitting, to the object to be charged, information collected from a travelling condition acquiring sensor mounted on a vehicle. 14. The in-vehicle battery charging system according to claim 2, wherein an angle of the mounting surface to a horizontal plane is 45 degrees or more and 73 degrees or less. 15. The in-vehicle battery charging system according to claim 1, wherein an capacitive element is used for the energy transmitting unit and energy receiving unit. 16. The in-vehicle battery charging system according to claim 1, wherein the energy transmitting unit is a light emitting unit, and the energy receiving unit is a solar battery. 17. The in-vehicle battery charging system according to claim 1, wherein the energy transmitting unit is a heat generating unit, and the energy receiving unit is a thermocouple. 18. The in-vehicle battery charging system according to claim 17, wherein the battery charger includes a mounting surface on which the object to be charged is mounted and a high thermal conducting member with higher thermal conductivity than that of the mounting surface is provided on the mounting surface, and the heat generating unit is arranged in a rear surface of the high thermal conducting member. 