The apparatus for monitoring a photovoltaic system includes an incoupling circuit configured to couple an AC voltage test signal into the photovoltaic system, and an outcoupling circuit configured to outcouple a response signal, which is associated with the test signal, from the photovoltaic system, and an evaluation device, which is connected to the outcoupling circuit. The evaluation device is configured to identify events which adversely affect correct operation of the photovoltaic system. The apparatus is distinguished in that the outcoupling circuit includes a first transformer and a second transformer, each having a respective primary winding and each having a respective secondary winding which is connected to the evaluation device, with the primary windings of the first and second transformers being arranged in different electrical lines between a generator and an inverter in the photovoltaic system. The disclosure also relates to a corresponding method for monitoring a photovoltaic system.
Claims 1. An apparatus for monitoring a photovoltaic system, comprising: an incoupling circuit configured to couple an AC voltage test signal into the photovoltaic system when coupled thereto, an outcoupling circuit configured to outcouple a response signal, which is associated with the test signal, from the photovoltaic system, and an evaluation device, which is connected to the outcoupling circuit, and configured to identify events which adversely affect correct operation of the photovoltaic system, wherein the outcoupling circuit comprises a first transformer and a second transformer, each having a respective primary winding and each having a respective secondary winding which is connected to the evaluation device, wherein the primary windings of the first and second transformers are arranged in different electrical lines between a generator and an inverter of the photovoltaic system. 2. The apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the secondary windings of the first and second transformers are connected in series in opposite senses, and are jointly connected to the evaluation device. 3. The apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the secondary windings of the first and second transformers are separately connected to the evaluation device. 4. The apparatus as claimed in claim 3, wherein the evaluation device is configured to combine response signals from the first transformer and from the second transformer in an analog manner. 5. The apparatus as claimed in claim 3, wherein the evaluation device is configured to combine response signals from the first transformer and from the second transformer in a digital manner. 6. The apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic system comprises a plurality of parallel-connected generators, wherein a corresponding outcoupling circuit is associated with each of the parallel-connected generators. 7. The apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the test signal is at a variable frequency. 8. The apparatus as claimed in claim 1, wherein the apparatus is integrated in the inverter. 9. A method for monitoring a photovoltaic system for identification of events such as contact faults which adversely affect correct operation of the photovoltaic system, comprising: coupling an AC voltage test signal into the photovoltaic system; outcoupling response signals, which are associated with the coupled AC voltage test signal, from different electrical lines between a generator and an inverter in the photovoltaic system; combining the outcoupled response signals to form a joint response signal in order to reduce any disturbing signal component; and monitoring the photovoltaic system by evaluation of the joint response signal. 10. The method as claimed in claim 9, wherein the frequency of the AC voltage test signal is varied. 11. The method as claimed in claim 9, wherein constraints on performing the method are matched to a spectrum of a disturbing signal of the inverter in the photovoltaic system. 12. The method as claimed in claim 9, wherein the response signals are outcoupled inductively, by means of two transformers. 13. The method as claimed in claim 9, wherein the test signal is coupled into the photovoltaic system inductively or capacitively. 14. The method as claimed in claim 9, wherein an evaluation of the received response signals and/or of the joint response signal comprises: amplifying the response signals, filtering the response signals, and rectifying the response signals. 15. The method as claimed in claim 14, wherein evaluating the received response signals and/or of the joint response signal comprises: amplifying the response signals by a non-inverted amplifier, filtering the response signals with a high-pass filter, filtering the response signals with an RC low-pass filter, and rectifying the response signal by a half-wave rectifier. 