A method for supplying internal consumers in a domestic appliance from a low voltage supply network, for example a photovoltaic power station or wind power station, includes classifying the internal consumers commensurate with a stored energy requirement of each internal consumer and supplying the internal consumers with energy commensurate with the classification. This protects against low voltage and excessive electric loads and against partial interruption of a treatment program for items when the low voltage supply is interrupted due to a temporary overload. The energy supply of the internal consumers is switched off in stages depending on their energy requirement and on their classification, when the energy available from the low voltage supply network is insufficient for supplying all internal consumers, and is switched back on again in stages, when the energy available from the low voltage supply network is once again sufficient for supplying all internal consumers.
Claims 1-14. (canceled) 15. A method for supplying an electric domestic appliance, the domestic appliance having a circuit device for supplying internal consumers from a low voltage supply network and a program control arrangement and measurement sensors for controlling treatment programs for items, the method comprising: storing an energy requirement of each internal consumer in a circuit device for energy management, classifying the internal consumers commensurate with the stored energy requirement of each internal consumer, supplying the internal consumers with energy commensurate with the classification, and switching off the energy supply of the internal consumers in stages depending on their energy requirement and on their classification, when the energy available from the low voltage supply network is insufficient for supplying all internal consumers, and switching the internal consumers back on again in stages depending on their energy requirement and on their classification, when the energy available from the low voltage supply network is once again sufficient for supplying all internal consumers. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein the low voltage supply network receives power from a photovoltaic power station or from a wind power station. 17. The method of claim 15, further comprising a providing a protective extra-low voltage from the low voltage supply network, and supplying all internal consumers with the protected extra-low voltage from the low voltage supply network. 18. A domestic appliance, comprising: internal consumers, a circuit device configured to supply the internal consumers from a low voltage supply network and comprising a memory area for storing energy requirements of each individual internal consumer, a circuit arrangement for energy management configured to classify the internal consumers commensurate with the energy requirement for each internal consumer and to supply the internal consumers commensurate with the classification, and a program control arrangement and measurement sensors for controlling treatment programs for items, wherein the circuit arrangement is further configured to switch off the energy supply of the internal consumers in stages depending on their energy requirement and on their classification, when the energy available from the low voltage supply network is insufficient for supplying all internal consumers, and to switch the internal consumers back on again in stages depending on their energy requirement and on their classification, when the energy available from the low voltage supply network is once again sufficient for supplying all internal consumers. 19. The domestic appliance of claim 18, wherein the low voltage supply network receives power from a photovoltaic power station or a wind power station. 20. The domestic appliance of claim 18, wherein an energy requirement of a thermal consumer is stored as a function of a switch-on frequency of a selected program or a temperature of a medium to be heated, or both. 21. The domestic appliance of claim 18, wherein the circuit device comprises a comparator which outputs a positive output signal enabling the selected program to be continued when the available energy is greater than the energy requirement for the selected program, and which outputs a negative output signal when the energy requirement for the selected program is greater than the available energy. 22. The domestic appliance of claim 18, wherein the circuit device is configured to decide whether or not to continue the treatment program depending on whether success of the treatment program is not affected, or only slightly affected, or is in question when an internal consumer is switched off. 23. The domestic appliance of claim 18, wherein the domestic appliance is configured for operation on a low voltage supply network which provides a protective extra-low voltage. 24. A method for supplying an electric domestic appliance, the domestic appliance having a circuit device for supplying internal consumers from a low voltage supply network and a program control arrangement and measurement sensors for controlling treatment programs for items, the method comprising: classifying the internal consumers commensurate with the stored energy requirement of each internal consumer, supplying the internal consumers with energy commensurate with the classification, before a selected treatment program is started, determining a total energy requirement of all internal consumers over the entire treatment program, with the total energy requirement depending on treatment of the items, and comparing the total energy requirement with a energy currently available from the low voltage supply network, and starting the treatment program only when the energy currently available from the low voltage supply network is greater than the total energy requirement. 25. The method of claim 24, wherein the low voltage supply network receives power from a photovoltaic power station or a wind power station. 26. The method of claim 24, wherein the total energy requirement is determined based on most unfavorable conditions. 27. The method of claim 24, further comprising when an operating program is halted due to insufficient energy available from the low voltage supply network, the available energy is constantly monitored and the treatment program is automatically started when the available energy exceeds the total energy requirement. 28. The method of claim 24, further comprising providing a protective extra-low voltage from the low voltage supply network and supplying all internal consumers with the protected extra-low voltage from the low voltage supply network. 29. A domestic appliance, comprising: internal consumers, a program control arrangement and measurement sensors configured to control treatment programs for items. a circuit device for supplying the internal consumers from a low voltage supply network and comprising a memory area for storing a total energy requirement of all internal consumers for all selectable treatment programs, a circuit arrangement for energy management configured to classify the internal consumers commensurate with their energy requirement, supply the internal consumers with energy commensurate with the classification, before a selected treatment program is started, determine a total energy requirement of all internal consumers over the entire treatment program, with the total energy requirement depending on treatment of the items, and compare the total energy requirement with a energy currently available from the low voltage supply network, and start the treatment program only when the energy currently available from the low voltage supply network is greater than the total energy requirement. 30. The domestic appliance of claim 29, wherein the internal consumers are supplied with energy from a network of a protective extra-low voltage class or from a network supplied from a photovoltaic power station or wind power station. 31. The domestic appliance of claim 29, wherein the total energy requirement of all internal consumers is formed by storing a respective energy requirement of a thermal consumer depending on a switch-on frequency of a selected program or a temperature of a medium to be heated, or both. 32. The domestic appliance of claim 29, wherein the circuit device comprises a monitor for monitoring performance of the low voltage supply network. 33. The domestic appliance of claim 31, wherein the circuit device comprises a comparator which outputs a positive output signal enabling the selected program to be continued when the available energy is greater than the energy requirement for a selected program, and which outputs a negative output signal when the energy requirement for the selected program is greater than the available energy. 34. The domestic appliance of claim 29, wherein the domestic appliance is configured for operation on a low voltage supply network which provides a protective extra-low voltage. 