This invention presents a unique design for a sun tracking, solar panel mounting system that is intended to be mounted onto utility light poles, wind turbine poles, and other pole type structures. Rings are clamped around the pole and form a structural interface to support the tracking mount assembly and allow it to rotate around the centerline of the pole. An actuator powers the tracking structure rotate right or left around the centerline of the pole. A secondary structure in the mount assembly supports solar panels on either side of the vertical mounting poll and an optional second actuator tilts the elevation solar panels up and down. A control system reads the position of each actuator and periodically adjusts them to track the motion of the sun and optimize the solar energy collection efficiency.
Claims 1. A solar energy collection system comprised of a mount where said mount rotates around the centerline of the pole and, where said mount mechanically captures said pole and does not have to be installed over either end of said pole and, where said rotation utilizes a bearing race that is attached to the mounting pole and, said rotation utilizes a motor, where said motor is under numerical computer control, and a solar panel(s) where said solar panels are mounted to the side of said pole and where said solar panels can be rotated vertically and, where in said rotation is performed by a motor and, where said motor is under numerical computer control, and a control system where said control system utilizes a microprocessor and software controls and, where software controls periodically update the position of the solar panel to track the sun. 2. A Solar energy Collection system in accordance with claim 1 where the control system moves the panel based on sensor inputs. 3. A Solar energy collection system in accordance with claims 1 and 2 where excess electrical power is stored in batteries. 4. A Solar energy collection system in accordance with claims 1 and 2 where excess electrical power is converted to AC power and fed back into the electrical grid. 5. A Solar energy collection system in accordance with claims 1 and 2 where excess electrical power is provided to another energy storage device. 6. A solar energy collection system comprised of a mount where said mount rotates around the centerline of the pole and, where said mount mechanically captures said pole and does not have to be installed over either end of said pole and, where said rotation utilizes a bearing race that is attached to the mounting pole and, said rotation utilizes a motor, where said motor is under numerical computer control, and a solar panel(s) where said solar panels are mounted to the side of said pole and where said solar panels are mounted at a fixed elevation angle a control system where said control system utilizes a microprocessor and software controls and, where software controls periodically update the position of the solar panel to track the sun. 7. A Solar energy Collection system in accordance with claim 6 where the control system moves the panel based on sensor inputs. 8. A Solar energy collection system in accordance with claims 6 and 7 where excess electrical power is stored in batteries. 9. A Solar energy collection system in accordance with claims 6 and 7 where excess electrical power is converted to AC power and fed back into the electrical grid. 10. A Solar energy collection system in accordance with claims 6 and 7 where excess electrical power is provided to another energy storage device. 11. A Solar energy Collection system in accordance with claims 1 and 6 where the solar panels are allowed to pivot and relieve excessive wind load forces. 12. A Solar energy Collection system in accordance with claims 1 and 6 where the surface area of the solar panels and support frame are outfitted with graphics for promotional purposes. 13. A Solar Energy Collection System in accordance with claims 1 and 6 where said pole is the vertical support pole for the wind power turbine. 