Systems, methods, and apparatus for providing a dynamic break and distortion filter. In one embodiment, an apparatus can include an inverter providing alternating current (AC) power at one of a first and second chopping frequency and a filter. The filter can include an input port receiving the AC power and an output port providing output power by selectively passing the AC power from the input port to the output port. The filter may further include an inductor electrically connected to one of the input port and output port and a capacitor electrically connected to the inductor and to a resistor, wherein current does not substantially flow through the inductor and capacitor at the first chopping frequency and does substantially flow through the inductor and capacitor at the second chopping frequency, and wherein the AC power with the second chopping frequency is dissipated in the resistor.
Claims 1. A converter system for a photovoltaic array comprising: at least one power source providing power to a boost converter providing direct current (DC) power; an inverter converting the DC power to alternating current (AC) power with a chopping frequency at one of a first and second frequency, wherein the chopping frequency can be selected; and, a combined dynamic break and distortion filter selectively providing the AC power to an electrical grid and comprising: an input port receiving the AC power; an output port selectively providing output power to the grid by selectively passing the input power from the input port to the output port; an inductor electrically connected to one of the input port and output port; and, a capacitor electrically connected to the inductor and to a resistor, wherein current does not substantially flow through the inductor and capacitor if the AC power has the first chopping frequency and does substantially flow through the inductor and capacitor if the AC power has the second chopping frequency, and wherein the AC input power with the second chopping frequency component is dissipated in the resistor. 2. The converter system of claim 1, further comprising a second capacitor electrically connected to both the output port and to a second resistor. 3. The converter system of claim 2, further comprising a second inductor electrically connected to both the inductor and the second capacitor. 4. The converter system of claim 1, further comprising a second capacitor electrically connected to both the output port and the resistor. 5. The converter system of claim 1, wherein the first chopping frequency is between 2 and 4 kilo-Hertz (kHz). 6. The converter system of claim 1, wherein the second chopping frequency is between 4 and 6 kHz. 7. An apparatus comprising: an inverter providing alternating current (AC) power at one of a first and second chopping frequency; and, a filter comprising: an input port receiving the AC power; an output port providing output power by selectively passing the AC power from the input port to the output port; an inductor electrically connected to one of the input port and output port; and, a capacitor electrically connected to the inductor and to a resistor, wherein current does not substantially flow through the inductor and capacitor at the first chopping frequency and does substantially flow through the inductor and capacitor at the second chopping frequency, and wherein the AC power with the second chopping frequency is dissipated in the resistor. 8. The apparatus of claim 7, further comprising a second capacitor electrically connected to both the output port and to a second resistor. 9. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the second resistor is less electrically resistive than the resistor. 10. The apparatus of claim 8, further comprising a second inductor electrically connected to both the inductor and the second capacitor. 11. The apparatus of claim 7, further comprising a second capacitor electrically connected to both the output port and the resistor. 12. The apparatus of claim 11, further comprising a second inductor electrically connected to both the inductor and the second capacitor. 13. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein the inductor has an inductance between 100 and 300 micro-Henries (.mu.H). 14. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein the capacitor has a capacitance between 100 and 1000 micro-Farads (.mu.F). 15. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein the inverter is controlled to selectively provide AC power at one of a first chopping frequency and a second chopping frequency. 16. A method comprising: providing input power via an input port at one of a first and second chopping frequency; selectively providing output power via an output port; passing greater current through a dynamic break at the second chopping frequency than at the first chopping frequency; and, dissipating more input power in the dynamic break if the input power is at the second chopping frequency than at the first chopping frequency, wherein the chopping frequency of the input power is selectable. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein the dynamic break comprises an inductor and a capacitor. 18. The method of claim 16, further providing a second capacitor electrically connected to both the output port and a second resistor. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein the second capacitor substantially passes power at harmonics of a fundamental frequency, such that the power at the harmonics of the fundamental frequency is dissipated in the second resistor. 20. The method of claim 16, further providing a second inductor for smoothing the input power. 