A ground mounting assembly, system and methods for ground mounting a structure include a plurality of posts, each of which are attached to at least one stabilizing plate. The posts may be at least partially positioned underground, with the connected stabilizing plates being buried to a depth of about 1 foot. Posts in a front portion of the mounting assembly may be connected to an adjacent one of posts in a back portion of the assembly by a cross member.
Claims 1. A ground mounting assembly for mounting a structure, comprising: a plurality of posts, each post being connected to at least one stabilizing element. 2. The mounting assembly of claim 1, wherein said plurality of posts are at least partially positioned underground, with the connected stabilizing elements being buried and a mounting portion of said plurality of posts being exposed above ground. 3. The mounting assembly of claim 2, wherein a top edge of said stabilizing elements is buried to a depth of about 1 foot underground. 4. The mounting assembly of claim 1, wherein said posts comprise sigma posts. 5. The mounting assembly of claim 1, wherein said stabilizing elements are flat or half-pyramid-shaped structures. 6. The mounting assembly of claim 1, wherein said stabilizing elements include togel mounted plates. 7. The mounting assembly of claim 1, wherein each post includes two or more stabilizing elements including at least one stabilizing plate and at least one half-pyramid-shaped structure. 8. The mounting assembly of claim 7, wherein at least one of the stabilizing plates is togel mounted to the post. 9. The mounting assembly of claim 1, wherein said stabilizing elements include bendable plates. 10. The mounting assembly of claim 1, wherein a first portion of said plurality of posts define a front of said mounting assembly, and a second portion of said plurality of posts define a back of said mounting assembly, and wherein each of said front posts are connected to an adjacent one of said back posts by a cross member. 11. The mounting assembly of claim 10, wherein the mounting assembly forms a rectangular shape. 12. The mounting assembly of claim 1, wherein the posts have round, square or oval cross-sections. 13. A solar energy system, comprising: a ground mounting assembly having a plurality of posts, each post being connected to a stabilizing element, wherein at least two of said plurality of posts are connected by a cross member; and a solar panel array mounted to said ground mounting assembly. 14. The solar energy system of claim 13, wherein said plurality of posts are at least partially positioned underground, with the connected stabilizing elements being buried and a mounting portion of said plurality of posts being exposed above ground. 15. The solar energy system of claim 14, wherein a top edge of said stabilizing elements is buried to a depth of about 1 foot underground. 16. The solar energy system of claim 13, wherein said posts comprise sigma posts. 17. The solar energy system of claim 13, wherein said stabilizing elements are flat plates or half pyramid shaped structures. 18. The solar energy system of claim 13, wherein said stabilizing element include togel mounted plates. 19. The solar energy system of claim 13, wherein each post includes two or more stabilizing elements, including at least one stabilizing plate and at least one half-pyramid shaped structure. 20. The solar energy system of claim 19, wherein at least one of the stabilizing plates is togel mounted to the post. 21. The solar energy system of claim 13, wherein said stabilizing elements include bendable plates. 22. The solar energy system of claim 13, wherein a first portion of said plurality of posts define a front of said mounting assembly, and a second portion of said plurality of posts define a back of said mounting assembly, and wherein each of said front posts are connected to an adjacent one of said back posts by a cross member. 23. The solar energy system of claim 22, wherein the mounting assembly forms a rectangular shape. 24. The solar energy system of claim 13, wherein the solar panel comprises a photovoltaic collector panel. 25. The solar energy system of claim 13, wherein the solar panel comprises a solar thermal collector panel. 26. The solar energy system of claim 13, wherein the posts have round, square or oval cross-sections. 27. A method of stabilizing a preinstalled ground mounting assembly having a plurality of posts buried at least partially in the ground, comprising the steps of: excavating an area of ground surrounding each of said plurality of posts; attaching a stabilizing element to each of said plurality of posts, in an area exposed by said excavating; and backfilling said excavated area. 28. The method of claim 27, wherein said stabilizing elements are attached at a position such that the top edge of said stabilizing plates is buried to a depth of about 1 foot underground. 29. The method of claim 27, wherein said stabilizing elements are flat plates or half-pyramid shaped structures. 30. The method of claim 27, further comprising: excavating a portion of ground between posts defining a front of said mounting assembly and posts defining a back of said mounting assembly; and attaching a cross member between each of said front posts and an adjacent one of said back posts. 31. A method of ground mounting a structure, comprising: forming a mounting assembly by driving a plurality of posts into the ground, each of said posts being connected to a stabilizing element; and attaching the structure to an above-ground portion of said mounting assembly. 32. The method of claim 31, further comprising: excavating an area of ground between posts defining a front of said mounting assembly and posts defining a back of said mounting assembly; attaching a cross member between each of said front posts and an adjacent one of said back posts; and backfilling said excavated area. 33. The method of claim 31, wherein said posts are driven into the ground to a position such that the stabilizing plates are buried to a depth of about 1 foot. 34. The method of claim 31, wherein said posts are driven into the ground to a first position that is below a target position, and thereafter pulling said posts upward to said target position. 