A photovoltaic module can include an outer surface with an outwardly bulged convex shape. The outer surface can be curved about its longitudinal axis and/or transverse axis. Optionally, the outer surface can be bulged in a generally spherical shape. The convex shape of the outer surface of the PV module can provide the outer surface with additional stiffness, and/or cause water to flow away from the center of the panel toward its edges, thereby reducing soiling caused by accumulated water, debris, and dust and/or other benefits.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic solar collector comprising: a photo electronic device configured to convert solar radiation into electrical power, the photo electronic device having a photo-sensitive surface arranged to be exposable to sunlight; and an outer barrier member mounted relative to the photosensitive surface such that sunlight must pass through the outer barrier member to reach the photosensitive surface, the outer barrier member comprising an outer surface arranged to be exposed to the environment and facing away from the photosensitive surface; wherein the outer surface of the outer barrier member is convex. 2. The photovoltaic solar collector according to claim 1, wherein the outer barrier member is shaped to retain the convex shape of the outer surface when it is in a resting state. 3. The photovoltaic solar collector according to claim 1, wherein the outer surface of the outer barrier member is sufficiently convex so as to cause water to flow away from a central area of the outer surface toward edges of the outer surface when the photovoltaic solar collector is at rest and facing upwardly. 4. The photovoltaic solar collector according to claim 1, wherein a first slope of the outer surface, from a center of the outer surface to a point on an edge of the outer surface that is closest to the center, is at least about 2 degrees. 5. The photovoltaic solar collector according to claim 4, wherein the first slope is no more than about 15 degrees. 6. The photovoltaic solar collector according to claim 1, wherein a first slope of the outer surface is about 1 degree. 7. The photovoltaic solar collector according to claim 6, wherein the first slope is no more than about 8 degrees. 8. The photovoltaic solar collector according to claim 6, wherein the first slope is between about 2.5 degrees and about 5 degrees. 9. The photovoltaic solar collector according to claim 1, wherein the photo sensitive surface of the photo electronic device extends along the convex shape of the outer surface of the outer barrier member. 10. The photovoltaic solar collector according to claim 1, wherein the photo electronic device comprises at least one silicon photovoltaic cell, and wherein the outer barrier member is bonded to the photo electronic device. 11. The photovoltaic solar collector according to claim 10, wherein the outer barrier member and the photo electronic device have a flat shape when in a relaxed state and separated from each other, and are bonded together while being bent into the convex shape, thereby remaining in a stressed state when at rest in the convex shape. 12. The photovoltaic solar collector according to claim 10, wherein the outer barrier member is in the convex shape when in a relaxed state and separated from the photo electronic device, and wherein the outer barrier member and the photo electronic device are bonded together while the photo electronic device is bent into the convex shape. 13. The photovoltaic solar collector according to claim 1, additionally comprising a frame supporting the photovoltaic solar collector, wherein the photovoltaic solar collector has a flat shape when at rest and separate from the frame, and wherein the frame engages the edges of the photovoltaic solar collector and holds the photovoltaic collector in a stressed state in the convex shape. 14. The photovoltaic solar collector according to claim 1, additionally comprising a frame supporting the photovoltaic solar collector, the frame comprising at least first and second edge support portions supporting opposite edges of the photovoltaic solar collector, the first and second support portions being positioned at about a same elevation, and holding the opposite edges of the photovoltaic solar collector such that the outer surface extends upwardly away from the opposite edges. 15. The photovoltaic solar collector according to claim 14, wherein the first and second edge support portions comprise first and second channels, respectively, each of the first and second channels having open ends which face toward each other and at an upwardly skewed angle. 16. The photovoltaic solar collector according to claim 1, wherein the outer surface of the outer barrier member is rectangular in plan view and the convex shape is approximately partially spherical. 17. A method of making a photovoltaic solar collector, comprising: bending an a photo electronic device configured to convert solar radiation into electrical power such that a photo sensitive surface of the photo electronic device is convex; and attaching a first member to the photo electronic device so as to hold the photo sensitive surface in the convex shape. 18. The method according to claim 17, wherein the step of attaching comprises bending a barrier member and fixing the bent barrier member to the photosensitive surface. 19. The method according to claim 18, wherein the step of fixing comprises bonding. 20. The method according to claim 17, wherein the step of attaching comprises attaching the photoelectric device to a frame, wherein the frame resists a resiliency of the photoelectric device that biases the photoelectric device toward a flat, non-convex shape. 21. The method according to claim 17, wherein the step of bending comprises bending the photo electronic device until it is sufficiently convex so as to cause water to flow away from a central area of the first member toward edges of the first member when the photovoltaic solar collector is at rest and facing upwardly. 22. The method according to claim 17, wherein the step of bending comprises bending the photo electronic device until a first slope of the outer surface of the first member, from a center of an outer surface of the first member to a point on an edge of the outer surface that is closest to the center, is at least about 2 degrees. 23. The method according to claim 22, wherein the first slope is no more than about 15 degrees. 24. The method according to claim 22, wherein the step of bending comprises bending the photo electronic device such that a first slope of an outer surface of the first member is at least about 1 degree. 25. A method of making a photovoltaic solar assembly comprising: mounting a photovoltaic solar collector such that a convex outer surface of the photovoltaic solar collector faces upwardly. 