A power generation system (10) for generating electrical power, which may vary in response to one or more weather-varying factors (11). The system may include an array of power generators (12) subject to the weather-varying factor. A module (18) may be configured to predict over a time horizon at least one power-generating condition for the array of power generators. A controller (24) may be configured to anticipatorily adjust a control strategy regarding operation of a component and/or subsystem of the power generation system based on the predicted power-generating condition for the array of power generators over the time horizon.
Claims 1. A power generation system for generating electrical power, which varies in response to at least one weather-varying factor, the system comprising: an array of power generators subject to said at least one weather-varying factor, the array of power generators disposed over respective locations on a field; at least one inverter coupled to the array of power generators; a module configured to predict over a time horizon at least one power-generating condition for the array of power generators; and a controller configured to anticipatorily adjust a control strategy regarding operation of at least one component and/or subsystem of the power generation system based on the predicted power-generating condition for the array of power generators over the time horizon, wherein the control strategy comprises a cooling control strategy for said at least one inverter based on the predicted power-generating condition for the array of power generators over the time horizon. 2. The power generation system of claim 1, wherein the array of power generators is selected from the group consisting of an array of photovoltaic modules, an array of wind turbines and a combination of said arrays. 3. The power generation system of claim 2, wherein the predicted power-generating condition comprises a condition corresponding to a shift in an amount of power generated by the array of power generators. 4. The power generation system of claim 3, wherein the predicted power-generating condition further includes estimating a duration of time of the condition corresponding to the shift in the amount of power generated by the array of power generators. 5. The power generation system of claim 2, wherein the predicted power-generating condition comprises a condition corresponding to intermittent fluctuations of a power level generated by the array of power generators. 6. The power generation system of claim 2, wherein the cooling control strategy for said at least one inverter is selected from the group consisting of a control strategy regarding a cooling flow rate for said at least one inverter, a control strategy regarding a switching frequency for at least one power switch of said at least one inverter, a control strategy regarding an amount of power generated by at least one of the power generators, a control strategy regarding an amount of power to be converted by said at least one inverter and a control strategy comprising a combination of at least two of the foregoing cooling control strategies. 7. The power generation system of claim 1, wherein the array of power generators comprises an array of photovoltaic generators, wherein said at least one component comprises at least one inverter coupled to the array of photovoltaic generators, wherein said at least one inverter comprises a maximum power point tracker, and wherein the control strategy comprises a tracking control strategy performed by the maximum power point tracker based at least in part on the predicted power-generating condition. 8. The power generation system of claim 2, wherein said at least one component comprises at least one electrical storage device, wherein the control strategy comprises a power flow control strategy into or from said at least one electrical storage device based at least in part on the predicted power-generating condition over the time horizon. 9. The power generation system of claim 2, wherein said at least one component comprises at least one tap changer, wherein the control strategy comprises a tap-changing control strategy for said at least one tap changer based at least in part on the predicted power-generating condition over the time horizon. 10. The power generation system of claim 2, wherein said at least one component comprises at least one circuit breaker, wherein the control strategy comprises a switching control strategy for said at least one at least one circuit breaker based at least in part on the predicted power-generating condition over the time horizon. 11. In a power generation system for generating electrical power, which varies in response to at least one weather-varying factor, the power generation system having an array of power generators subject to said at least one weather-varying factor, apparatus comprising: a module configured to predict over a time horizon at least one power-generating condition for the array of power generators; and a controller configured to anticipatorily adjust a control strategy regarding operation of at least one component and/or subsystem of the power generation system based on the predicted power-generating condition for the array of power generators over the time horizon. 12. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein the array of power generators is selected from the group consisting of an array of photovoltaic modules, an array of wind turbines and a combination of said arrays, wherein said at least one component comprises at least one inverter coupled to the array of power generators, wherein the control strategy comprises a cooling control strategy for said at least one inverter based on the predicted power-generating condition for the array of power generators over the time horizon. 13. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein the predicted power-generating condition comprises a condition corresponding to a shift in an amount of power generated by the array of power generators, wherein the predicted power-generating condition further includes estimating a duration of time of the condition corresponding to the shift in the amount of power generated by the array of power generators. 14. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein the predicted power-generating condition comprises a condition corresponding to intermittent fluctuations of a power level generated by the array of power generators. 15. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein the cooling control strategy for said at least one inverter is selected from the group consisting of a control strategy regarding a cooling flow rate for said at least one inverter, a control strategy regarding a switching frequency for at least one power switch of said at least one inverter, a control strategy regarding an amount of power generated by at least one of the power generators, a control strategy regarding an amount of power to be converted by said at least one inverter and a control strategy comprising a combination of at least two of the foregoing cooling control strategies. 16. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein the array of power generators comprises an array of photovoltaic generators, wherein said at least one component comprises at least one inverter coupled to the array of photovoltaic generators, wherein said at least one inverter comprises a maximum power point tracker, and wherein the control strategy comprises a tracking control strategy performed by the maximum power point tracker based at least in part on the predicted power-generating condition. 17. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein said at least one component further comprises at least one electrical storage device, wherein the control strategy comprises a power flow control strategy into or from said at least one electrical storage device based at least in part on the predicted power-generating condition over the time horizon. 18. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein said at least one component further comprises at least one tap changer, wherein the control strategy comprises a tap-changing control strategy for said at least one tap changer based at least in part on the predicted power-generating condition over the time horizon. 19. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein said at least one component further comprises at least one circuit breaker, wherein the control strategy comprises a switching control strategy for said at least one at least one circuit breaker based at least in part on the predicted power-generating condition over the time horizon. 20. A power generation system for generating electrical power, which varies in response to at least one weather-varying factor, the system comprising: an array of power generators subject to said at least one weather-varying factor, the array of power generators disposed over respective locations on a field; a module configured to predict over a time horizon at least one power-generating condition for the array of power generators; and a controller configured to anticipatorily adjust a control strategy regarding operation of at least one component and/or subsystem of the power generation system based on the predicted power-generating condition for the array of power generators over the time horizon. 