A surveillance pole includes a surveillance camera mounted in such a way that the camera does not protrude entirely outwardly beyond the camera support pole to minimize its visibility. Optionally, a camera mounting head is positioned atop the camera support pole and the camera is mounted to the camera mounting head. Preferably, the camera support pole and the camera mounting head are each generally cylindrical and the camera is positioned such that it doesn't extend entirely beyond the cylinder of the camera support pole. The surveillance camera is a low-profile unit whose depth is less than its height. The camera mounting head includes a niche in which the camera is positioned and mounted to minimize the appearance of the camera. Optionally, the surveillance pole is mounted to a trailer that includes a wheeled chassis.
Claims 1. A surveillance pole, comprising: an elongate tube; a camera support mounted atop the tube; a surveillance camera mounted in such a way that at least part of the camera does not protrude outwardly beyond the camera support pole. 2. A surveillance pole as claimed in claim 1 wherein the camera support is generally cylindrical. 3. A surveillance pole as claimed in claim 1 the surveillance camera is a low-profile unit whose depth is less than its height. 4. A surveillance pole as claimed in claim 1 wherein the camera support includes a niche in which the camera is positioned and mounted to minimize the appearance of the camera. 5. A surveillance pole as claimed in claim 1 wherein the camera mount includes an overhanging roof which partially shrouds the camera. 6. A surveillance pole as claimed in claim 1 wherein the camera mount includes a camera mounting head pivotally mounted atop the elongate tube and which is adapted to receive the camera. 7. A self-contained surveillance trailer, comprising: a wheeled chassis for selective movement over and resting atop the ground; an electronics enclosure mounted atop the wheeled chassis; surveillance electronics, including a portable power supply, at least some of which is mounted within the electronics enclosure; a camera support pole mounted atop the wheeled chassis; a surveillance camera mounted in such a way that at least part of the camera does not protrude outwardly beyond the camera support pole; and one or more solar power panels for charging the portable power supply. 8. A self-contained surveillance trailer as claimed in claim 7 further comprising a camera mounting head positioned atop the camera support pole and wherein the camera is mounted to the camera mounting head. 9. A self-contained surveillance trailer as claimed in claim 8 wherein the camera support pole and the camera mounting head are each generally cylindrical and wherein the camera is positioned such that it doesn't extend beyond the cylinder of the camera support pole. 10. A self-contained surveillance trailer as claimed in claim 7 the surveillance camera is a low-profile unit whose depth is less than its height. 11. A self-contained surveillance trailer as claimed in claim 8 wherein the camera mounting head includes a niche in which the camera is positioned and mounted to minimize the appearance of the camera. 12. A self-contained surveillance trailer as claimed in claim 8 wherein the camera mounting head includes an overhanging roof which partially shrouds the camera. 13. A self-contained surveillance trailer as claimed in claim 7 further comprising a camera mounting head pivotally mounted atop the camera support pole and adapted to receive the camera. 