A system, method, and apparatus for a multi sensor solar collection system are disclosed herein. The disclosed method for controlling the disclosed multi sensor solar collection system involves providing a plurality of different sets of solar cells that have different spectral response properties. The method also involves focusing, with at least one focusing element, a light beam on a first set of the solar cells according to a current light condition. Further, the method involves focusing, with at least one focusing element, the light beam on a second set of the solar cells according to a change in the current light condition. In other embodiments, the method involves moving a planar mounting that the solar cells are mounted on to focus the light beam on the second set of solar cells according to the change in the current light condition.
Claims 1. A method for controlling a multi sensor solar collection system, the method comprising: providing a plurality of different sets of solar cells; focusing, with at least one focusing element, a light beam on a first set of the solar cells according to a current light condition; and focusing, with the at least one focusing element, the light beam on a second set of the solar cells according to a change in the current light condition. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the method further comprises: tracking, with a solar tracker, a light source for the light beam. 3. The method of claim 2, wherein the solar tracker is able to control the movement of a housing that houses the at least one focusing element and the plurality of different sets of solar cells. 4. The method of claim 3, wherein the focusing, with the at least one focusing element, is achieved by the solar tracker moving the housing accordingly. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein the different sets of the solar cells have different spectral response properties. 6. The method of claim 5, wherein the spectral response properties are at least one of absorptive of ultraviolet (UV) and blue light, absorptive of visible light, and absorptive of infrared (IR) photons in differing relative ratios. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein the solar cells are arranged adjacent to one another. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein the solar cells are arranged in an array configuration. 9. The method of claim 1, wherein the solar cells are arranged in a matrix configuration. 10. The method of claim 1, wherein the solar cells are mounted on a planar mounting. 11. The method of claim 1, wherein the at least one focusing element is a lens. 12. A method for controlling a multi sensor solar collection system, the method comprising: providing a plurality of different sets of solar cells that are mounted on a planar mounting; focusing, with at least one focusing element, a light beam on a first set of the solar cells according to a current light condition; and moving the planar mounting to focus the light beam on a second set of the solar cells according to a change in the current light condition. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein the method further comprises: tracking, with a solar tracker, a light source for the light beam. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein the solar tracker is able to control the movement of a housing that houses the at least one focusing element and the plurality of different sets of solar cells that are mounted on the planar mounting. 15. The method of claim 12, wherein the different sets of the solar cells have different spectral response properties. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein the spectral response properties are at least one of absorptive of ultraviolet (UV) and blue light, absorptive of visible light, and absorptive of infrared (IR) photons in differing relative ratios. 17. The method of claim 12, wherein the solar cells are arranged adjacent to one another on the planar mounting. 18. The method of claim 12, wherein the solar cells are arranged in an array configuration on the planar mounting. 19. The method of claim 12, wherein the solar cells are arranged in a matrix configuration on the planar mounting. 20. The method of claim 12, wherein the at least one focusing element is a lens. 21. A multi sensor solar collection system, the system comprising: a plurality of different sets of solar cells; and at least one focusing element, wherein the at least one focusing element is configured to focus a light beam on a first set of the solar cells according to a current light condition, and to focus the light beam on a second set of the solar cells according to a change in the current light condition. 22. A multi sensor solar collection system, the system comprising: a plurality of different sets of solar cells; at least one focusing element, wherein the at least one focusing element is configured to focus a light beam on a first set of the solar cells according to a current light condition; and a planar mounting, wherein the solar cells are mounted on the planar mounting, and wherein the planar mounting is configured to move to focus the light beam on a second set of the solar cells according to a change in the current light condition. 