A vehicle sensing parking barricade device includes: an RFID (Radio Frequency Identification) tag which is attached to a vehicle for identifying the vehicle; a barricade bar which limits entrance of the vehicle; an RFID reader which is installed in a portion of the barricade bar and receives information from the RFID tag to determine whether or not the vehicle is authenticated to be parked; and a motor driver which receives a signal from the RFID reader 25 to drive the barricade bar 10 to limit the vehicle entrance depending on the vehicle authentication.
Claims 1. A vehicle sensing parking barricade device comprising: an RFID (Radio Frequency Identification) tag which is attached to a vehicle for identifying the vehicle; a barricade bar which limits entrance of the vehicle; an RFID reader which is installed in a portion of the barricade bar and receives information from the RFID tag to determine whether or not the vehicle is authenticated to be parked; and a motor driver which receives a signal from the RFID reader 25 to drive the barricade bar 10 to limit the vehicle entrance depending on the vehicle authentication. 2. The vehicle sensing parking barricade device according to claim 1, wherein the barricade bar is vertically driven to limit the vehicle entrance. 3. The vehicle sensing parking barricade device according to claim 2, wherein an LED lamp is formed in a portion of the barricade bar. 4. The vehicle sensing parking barricade device according to claim 3, wherein a solar cell system is installed on the top of the barricade bar to supply power to at least one of the RFID reader, the motor driver and the LED ramp. 5. A vehicle sensing parking barricade device comprising: a vehicle black box including a radio communication unit; an RFID tag which is attached to a vehicle to identify the vehicle; a barricade bar which limits entrance of the vehicle; an RFID reader which is installed in a portion of the barricade bar and receives information from the RFID tag to determine whether or not the vehicle is authenticated to be parked; a motor driver which receives a signal from the RFID reader to drive the barricade bar to limit the vehicle entrance depending on the vehicle authentication; and a RF camera unit which picks up an image of a parking area where the vehicle is parked, and transmits the picked image to the black box. 6. The vehicle sensing parking barricade device according to claim 5, wherein the barricade bar is vertically driven to limit the vehicle entrance and is vertically driven in a two stage to monitor the vehicle after the vehicle is parked. 7. The vehicle sensing parking barricade device according to claim 6, wherein an LED lamp is formed in a portion of the barricade bar. 8. The vehicle sensing parking barricade device according to claim 7, wherein a solar cell system is installed on the top of the barricade bar to supply power to at least one of the RFID reader, the motor driver and the LED ramp. 9. The vehicle sensing parking barricade device according to claim 5, wherein the RF camera unit includes a camera and a RF communication part, and the RF communication part is a Bluetooth communication device or a Zigbee communication device. 10. The vehicle sensing parking barricade device according to claim 6, wherein the RF camera unit includes a camera and a RF communication part, and the RF communication part is a Bluetooth communication device or a Zigbee communication device. 11. The vehicle sensing parking barricade device according to claim 7, wherein the RF camera unit includes a camera and a RF communication part, and the RF communication part is a Bluetooth communication device or a Zigbee communication device. 12. The vehicle sensing parking barricade device according to claim 8, wherein the RF camera unit includes a camera and a RF communication part, and the RF communication part is a Bluetooth communication device or a Zigbee communication device. 