A resin composition for obtaining a cured resin material exhibiting improved heat resistance and a higher glass transition temperature is disclosed. The resin composition contains a resin selected from a) a thermosetting resin and a curing agent, or b) a thermoplastic resin, and an inorganic filler with an average particle diameter of 1000 nm or less.
Claims 1. A resin composition comprising: (i) a resin selected from a) a thermosetting resin and a curing agent, and b) a thermoplastic resin; and (ii) an inorganic filler with an average particle diameter of 1000 nm or less. 2. The resin composition according to claim 1, wherein a mixing ratio of the inorganic filler in the resin composition is 0.1 to 10 wt % based on a total mass of the resin composition. 3. The resin composition according to claim 1, wherein the inorganic filler is at least one selected from the group consisting of Al.sub.2O.sub.3, SiO.sub.2, BN, AlN and Si.sub.3N.sub.4, and has an average particle diameter of 1 to 1000 nm. 4. The resin composition according to claim 1, wherein the resin is a thermosetting resin and a curing agent. 5. The resin composition according to claim 4, wherein the thermosetting resin is an epoxy resin and the curing agent is an acid anhydride curing agent or a curing agent containing a molecule having 1 or more of functional groups --NH.sub.3, --NH.sub.2 and --NH in a molecular structure thereof, and the inorganic filler has an average particle diameter of 100 nm or less. 6. The resin composition according to claim 5, wherein the epoxy resin is a trifunctional epoxy resin. 7. A cured nanocomposite resin material obtained by thermosetting the resin composition according to claim 5. 8. The cured nanocomposite resin material according to claim 7, wherein an average inter-filler distance is 1 to 200 nm. 9. The resin composition according to claim 1, wherein the resin is a thermoplastic resin. 10. The resin according to claim 9, wherein the thermoplastic resin is a nylon, and the inorganic filler has an average particle diameter of 1000 nm or less. 11. A cured nanocomposite resin material obtained by curing the resin composition according to claim 10. 12. The cured nanocomposite resin material according to claim 11, wherein the average inter-filler distance is 1 to 2000 nm. 13. A sealed semiconductor module comprising: a metal block, an insulating layer pasted over one surface of the metal block; at least one circuit element mounted on the other surface of the metal block, and a seal over the circuit element formed by curing a resin composition comprising (i) a resin selected from a) a thermosetting resin and a curing agent, and b) a thermoplastic resin; and (ii) an inorganic filler with an average particle diameter of 1000 nm or less. 14. The semiconductor module according to claim 13, wherein the seal is accomplished by any of potting, transfer molding and liquid transfer molding. 15. The semiconductor module according to claim 13, wherein the insulating layer is of an insulating material containing an epoxy resin, a first inorganic filler having an average particle diameter of 1 to 99 nm and dispersed in the epoxy resin and a second inorganic filler having an average particle diameter of 0.1 to 100 microns and dispersed in the epoxy resin, the first and second inorganic fillers are each independently at least one selected from the group consisting of Al.sub.2O.sub.3, SiO.sub.2, BN, AlN and Si.sub.3N.sub.4, and mixing ratios of the first and second inorganic fillers in the insulating material are 0.1 to 7 wt % and 80 to 95 wt %, respectively. 16. A method for manufacturing a semiconductor module, comprising: a step of pasting an insulting layer on one surface of a metal block; a step of mounting at least one circuit element on the other surface of the metal block; and a step of sealing an assembly obtained by mounting the circuit element by curing a resin composition comprising (i) a resin selected from a) a thermosetting resin and a curing agent, and b) a thermoplastic resin; and (ii) an inorganic filler with an average particle diameter of 1000 nm or less. 17. The manufacturing method according to claim 16, wherein the sealing step is accomplished by a method selected from potting, transfer molding, liquid transfer molding, compression molding and injection molding. 18. A sealed photovoltaic cell comprising: at least one photovoltaic cell, and a seal over the photovoltaic cell formed by curing a resin composition comprising (i) a resin selected from a) a thermosetting resin and a curing agent, and b) a thermoplastic resin; and (ii) an inorganic filler with an average particle diameter of 1000 nm or less. 