An apparatus for testing photovoltaic cells wherein an array of light sources are provided. The light sources can have a collimating lens. In addition, one or more feedback circuits can be provided which monitor and maintain one or more of the light sources.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic test apparatus comprising: a light source comprising: a lamp; a collimating lens; and a cell, said cell monitoring an intensity of said lamp; and a feedback circuit for maintaining the intensity of said lamp; and a plurality of said light sources arranged into an array. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said light source further comprises a housing disposed between said lamp and said collimating lens. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said cell monitors a color of said lamp. 4. The apparatus of claim 3 wherein said feedback circuit maintains the color of said lamp. 5. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising a color monitoring cell positioned to monitor a color of said lamp. 6. The apparatus of claim 5 wherein said feedback circuit also maintains the color of said lamp. 7. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein each of said light source further comprises one or more array-positioning connectors which connect said light source together with another of said light source to form said array. 8. A photovoltaic test apparatus comprising: a light source comprising: a lamp; a collimating lens; and a cell, said cell monitoring a color of said lamp; and a feedback circuit for maintaining the color of said lamp; and a plurality of said light sources arranged into an array. 9. The apparatus of claim 8 wherein said light source further comprises a housing disposed between said lamp and said collimating lens. 10. The apparatus of claim 8 wherein each of said light source further comprises one or more array-positioning connectors which connect said light source together with another of said light source to form said array. 11. A photovoltaic test apparatus comprising: a light source comprising: a lamp; and a collimating lens; a plurality of said light sources arranged into an array; at least one cell, said cell monitoring an intensity of a group of one or more of said light sources; and a feedback circuit for maintaining the intensity of said group of one or more of said light sources. 12. The apparatus of claim 11 wherein said light source further comprises a housing disposed between said lamp and said collimating lens. 13. The apparatus of claim 11 wherein said cell monitors a color of said lamp. 14. The apparatus of claim 13 wherein said feedback circuit maintains the color of said lamp. 15. The apparatus of claim 11 wherein each of said light source further comprises one or more array-positioning connectors which connect said light source together with another of said light source to form said array. 16. A photovoltaic test apparatus comprising: a light source comprising: a lamp; and a collimating lens; a plurality of said light sources arranged into an array; at least one cell, said cell monitoring a color of a group of one or more of said light sources; and a feedback circuit for maintaining the color of said group of one or more of said light sources. 17. The apparatus of claim 16 wherein said light source further comprises a housing disposed between said lamp and said collimating lens. 18. The apparatus of claim 16 further comprising a light intensity monitoring cell positioned to monitor a light intensity of at least one of said light sources 19. The apparatus of claim 18 wherein said feedback circuit also maintains the light intensity of at least one of said lamps. 20. The apparatus of claim 16 wherein each of said light source further comprises one or more array-positioning connectors which connect said light source together with another of said light source to form said array. 