A solar energy collector or tower adapted to position photovoltaic devices in urban and suburban settings is provided. The tower includes an elongated pole, a plurality of photovoltaic modules pivotally mounted to the pole at a plurality of elevations, wherein each of the plurality of modules includes a housing, and a plurality of photovoltaic devices mounted in the housing; a drive mechanism adapted to rotate each of the pivotally mounted photovoltaic modules; and a base assembly adapted to pivotally support the pole. The tower and modules are designed to minimize wind load. The photovoltaic modules include a solar energy heat exchanger having a plurality of photovoltaic devices mounted with a plurality of reflective surfaces positioned to concentrate solar energy upon the photovoltaic devices. The photovoltaic devices and reflective surfaces may be positioned on panels or pyramidal structures. Methods and devices for collecting solar energy are also included.
Claims 1. A solar energy collector comprising: an elongated pole; a plurality of photovoltaic modules pivotally mounted to the pole at a plurality of elevations, wherein each of the plurality of modules comprises: a housing; and a plurality of photovoltaic devices mounted in the housing; a drive mechanism adapted to rotate each of the pivotally mounted photovoltaic modules; and a base assembly adapted to support the pole. 2. The solar energy collector as recited in claim 1, wherein each of the plurality of photovoltaic modules further comprise: a photovoltaic energy heat exchanger mounted in the housing comprising: a plurality of elongated, thermally conductive panels, wherein the plurality of photovoltaic devices mounted in the housing comprise a plurality of photovoltaic devices mounted to and in thermal communication with at least some of the plurality of thermally conductive panels; a plurality of reflective surfaces positioned to reflect sunlight on the plurality of photovoltaic devices; and a cooling fluid conduit in thermal communication with at least some of the plurality elongated, thermally conductive panels. 3. The solar energy collector as recited in claim 2, wherein the plurality of elongated, thermally conductive panels comprises a plurality of first elongated, thermally conductive panels, wherein the photovoltaic energy heat exchanger further comprises a plurality of second elongated, thermally conductive panels, wherein a plane of each of the plurality of second panels forms an angle with the plane of one of the plurality of first panels, and wherein the plurality of photovoltaic devices mounted in the housing further comprises a plurality of photovoltaic devices mounted to and in thermal communication with the plurality of second elongated, thermally conductive panels. 4. The solar energy collector as recited in claim 3, wherein the plurality of reflective surfaces comprises a plurality of first reflective surfaces positioned to reflect sunlight on the plurality of photovoltaic devices mounted on the plurality of first elongated panels, and a plurality of second reflective surfaces positioned to reflect sunlight on the plurality of photovoltaic devices mounted on the plurality of second elongated panels. 5. The solar energy collector as recited in claim 1, wherein the base is adapted to pivotally support and rotatably support the pole. 6. The solar energy collector as recited in claim 1, wherein the solar energy collector further comprises a light assembly mounted to the pole. 7. The solar energy collector as recited in claim 3, wherein the plurality of photovoltaic modules comprises at least two pairs of modules, each of the at least two pairs of modules pivotally mounted at at least two elevations to the pole. 8. The solar energy collector as recited in claim 1, wherein each of the plurality of photovoltaic modules further comprise: a photovoltaic energy heat exchanger mounted in the housing comprising: a plurality of pyramidal structures, wherein the plurality of photovoltaic devices mounted in the housing comprise a plurality of photovoltaic devices mounted to and in thermal communication with at least one face of each of the plurality of the pyramidal structures; a plurality of reflective surfaces, each of the plurality of reflective surfaces positioned on at least one face of each of the plurality of the pyramidal structures, the plurality of reflective surfaces positioned to reflect sunlight on the plurality of photovoltaic devices; and a cooling fluid conduit in thermal communication with at least some of the plurality of pyramidal structures. 9. The solar energy collector as recited in claim 9, wherein the plurality of pyramidal structures comprises at least one of a plurality of pyramidal recesses and a plurality of pyramidal projections. 10. The solar energy collector as recited in claim 1, wherein the plurality of photovoltaic modules comprise aerodynamic housings that minimize wind load on the collector. 11. A method for collecting solar energy comprising: pivotally mounting a plurality of photovoltaic modules to a pole at a plurality of elevations, wherein each of the plurality of modules comprises: a housing; and a plurality of photovoltaic devices mounted in the housing and adapted to receive solar energy and convert the solar energy to electrical energy; pivoting each of the plurality of photovoltaic modules about an axis to vary the amount of solar energy received by the plurality of photovoltaic devices; and supporting the pole in a base assembly. 12. The method recited in claim 11, wherein the method further comprises rotating the pole about the base to further vary the amount of solar energy received by the photovoltaic devices. 13. The method recited in claim 11, wherein the method further comprises pivoting the pole about the base to further vary the amount of solar energy received by the photovoltaic devices. 14. The method recited in claim 11, wherein the plurality of photovoltaic devices generate thermal energy, and wherein the method further comprises conducting the thermal energy away from the plurality of photovoltaic devices by passing a cooling fluid in thermal communication with the plurality of photovoltaic devices. 15. The method recited in claim 14, wherein the cooling fluid comprises at least one of a liquid and a gas. 16. The method recited in claim ii, wherein pivotally mounting the plurality of photovoltaic modules to the pole at the plurality of elevations comprises mounting the plurality of photovoltaic modules to the pole with a separation between the photovoltaic modules along the pole that minimizes obstruction of solar radiation on the plurality of photovoltaic device in the plurality of photovoltaic modules. 17. The method recited in claim ii, wherein the method further comprises reflecting at least some solar radiation on the plurality of photovoltaic devices mounted in the housing. 18. The method recited in claim 17, wherein reflecting at least some solar radiation on the plurality of photovoltaic devices comprises reflecting solar radiation from a plurality of surfaces within the housing upon the plurality of photovoltaic devices mounted in the housing. 19. The method recited in claim 18, wherein reflecting solar radiation from a plurality of surfaces comprises reflecting a ray of solar radiation in substantially a single plane. 20. The method recited in claim 18, wherein reflecting solar radiation from a plurality of surfaces comprises reflecting a ray of solar energy in multiple planes. 21-57. (canceled) 