The invention provides a fiber optic training kit for demonstrating and/or measuring fiber optic, fiber optic communication and fiber optic network characteristics comprises plurality of laser sources, plurality of PIN diode photo detectors. The fiber optic training kit includes a fiber Bragg grating block, a four channel multiplexing and de-multiplexing block, a fiber optic 50/50 coupler or splitter block, 980/15xx nm WDM coupler block, an erbium doped fiber optic amplifier block, a microcontroller, a function generator, a digital storage oscilloscope block, a variable optical attenuator block and a multi-meter arranged suitably in a pack with appropriate connections to power supply and a computer for the purpose of programming the microcontrollers, data recording and/or displaying the results.
Claims 1. A fiber optic training kit, comprising: a plurality of laser sources and plurality of photodetectors; a plurality of optical blocks, wherein each optical block comprises at least one optical component; a plurality of electrical and electronic devices; means for connecting said plurality of laser sources, said plurality of photodetectors and said plurality of optical blocks to form a setup for performing at least one experiment, wherein one or more characteristics of fiber optic, fiber optic communication and fiber optic network are demonstrated and/or measured; and means for demonstrating, displaying and/or measuring the output of said experiment. 2. The fiber optic training kit of claim 1, wherein at least one of said plurality of laser sources is distributed feedback diode laser having wavelengths in the C-band region, extending from about 1510 nm to about 1570 nm, particularly with wavelengths 1510 nm, 1530 nm, 1550 nm and 1570 nm respectively. 3. The fiber optic training kit of claim 1, wherein at least one said laser source has a wavelength in visible region with a wavelength of about 660 nm, and at least one said lease source is provided at a wavelength of about 980 nm. 4. The fiber optic training kit of claim 1, wherein at least one of said plurality of photodetectors is InGaAs PIN diode high speed detectors are capable of detecting infrared wavelengths from about 1510 nm to about 1570 nm 5. The fiber optic training kit of claim 1, wherein at least one said photodetector is silicon diode high speed photodetector capable of detecting light in the visible region at around 660 nm. 6. The fiber optic training kit of claim 1, wherein the plurality of lasers and the plurality of detectors are controlled using an electronic programmable driver. 7. The fiber optic training kit of claim 2, wherein said plurality of lasers and said plurality of photodetectors are positioned opposite to each other. 8. The fiber optic training kit of claim 1, wherein said plurality of optical blocks comprise at least one multiplexing block, wherein said multiplexing block comprises a optical wavelength division multiplexer, wherein said each optical block of said plurality of blocks comprises a plurality of optical components. 9. The fiber optic training kit of claim 8, wherein said optical components are selected from a group consisting of FBG, multiplexer, de-multiplexer, coupler, circulator, variable optical attenuator and erbium doped optical fiber. 10. The fiber optic training kit of claim 8, wherein said optical wavelength division multiplexer is a bidirectional four optical wavelength division multiplexer with four input ports capable of accepting 1510 nm, 1530 nm, 1550 nm and 1570 nm wavelengths and one output port. 11. The fiber optic training kit of claim 1, wherein said plurality of optical blocks comprise at least one circulator block, wherein the circulator block comprises a multi-port optical circulator, wherein the multi-port optical circulator is a three-port optical circulator. 12. The fiber optic training kit of claim 1, wherein said plurality of optical blocks comprises at least a coupler/splitter block, wherein said coupler/splitter block comprises a bidirectional, three port 50-50 coupler/splitter having two input ports and one output port. 13. The fiber optic training kit of claim 1, wherein said plurality of optical blocks comprises at least a de-multiplexing block, wherein said de-multiplexing block comprises a four optical wavelength de-multiplexer bidirectional device. 14. The fiber optic training kit of claim 1, wherein said plurality of optical blocks comprises at least one erbium doped fiber amplifier block, wherein said erbium doped optical fiber block comprises a two port bidirectional erbium [Er.sup.3+] doped optical fiber capable of amplifying C-band signals, wherein said erbium doped optical fiber amplifier block comprises a laser a wavelength of about 980 nm. 15. The fiber optic training kit of claim 14, wherein said erbium doped optical fiber amplifier block comprises a bidirectional three port 980/15xx WDM coupler with one output port and two input ports. 16. The fiber optic training kit of claim 1, wherein said plurality of optical blocks comprise at least one PD characterization block, wherein said PD characterization block comprises a DIP switch, wherein said DIP switch comprises eight small switches with 7 of them for resistors and eighth for selecting the photoconductive or photovoltaic mode of the photodiode. 17. The fiber optic training kit of claim 1, wherein said plurality of optical blocks comprise at least one variable optical attenuator block and at least one fiber Bragg grating block, wherein said variable optical attenuation block comprises a two port bidirectional variable optical attenuator, wherein said fiber Bragg grating block comprises a bidirectional two port fiber Bragg grating. 18. The fiber optic training kit of claim 1, wherein said electrical and electronic devices are selected from a group consisting of one or more ON-OFF switches, one or more sockets for accepting power cord for power, one or more USB sockets, one or more BNC connectors, electrical power cords and microprocessor controllers. 19. The fiber optic training kit of claim 1, wherein said means of connecting said plurality of laser sources, said plurality of PIN diode photodetectors and said plurality of optical blocks to form a setup for performing at least one experiment are optical patch cords and optical fibers. 20. The fiber optic training kit of claim 1, wherein said means of demonstrating, displaying and/or measuring output of said experiment are selected from group consisting of digital storage oscilloscope, LCD monitor, power meter and multi-meter. 