A component is disclosed which includes a rechargeable battery, and a method is also disclosed of producing such a component. The component can use lithium ion chemistry and the battery can have an anode structure, a cathode structure, and a separator structure which separates the anode from the cathode and contains an electrolyte. The anode structure and the cathode structure can each be formed from a composite material which includes electrically conductive fibres and electrochemically active material in a binder matrix, and the battery can be formed to be structurally inseparable from the rest of the component.
Claims 1-34. (canceled) 35. A component, comprising: a rechargeable battery of lithium ion chemistry, and including an anode structure, a cathode structure and a separator structure which separates the anode structure from the cathode structure; and an electrolyte in which the anode structure and the cathode structure are each formed from a composite material which includes electrically conductive fibres and electrochemically active material in a binder matrix, the battery being structurally inseparable from the component. 36. A component according to claim 35, in which the separator structure is formed from a composite material which includes electrically insulating fibres in a binder matrix. 37. A component according to claim 35, comprising: a battery having an aqueous liquid or gel electrolyte. 38. A component according to claim 35, in which at least one of the anode structure, the cathode structure and the separator structure contains a porous additive for increasing access of the electrolyte into said at least one structure. 39. A component according to claim 38, in which the porous additive is one or more of a silica, a silica gel or carbon powder. 40. A component according to claim 35, in which at least one of the anode structure and the cathode structure comprises: an electrically conductive additive. 41. A component according to claim 40, in which the electrically conductive additive is carbon powder. 42. A component according to claim 35, in which the electrolyte is a solid polymer electrolyte. 43. A component according to claim 35, in which the electrically conductive fibres of the anode and cathode structures are carbon or metal fibres. 44. A component according to claim 35, in which the electrically conductive fibres of the anode and cathode structures include fibres having a conductive coating. 45. A component according to claim 44, in which the fibres having a conductive coating include carbon fibres and/or electrically insulating fibres. 46. A component according to claim 44, in which the fibres having a conductive coating are metallised fibres. 47. A component according to claim 35, in which the electrically conductive fibres of the anode and cathode structures are formed as a woven fabric. 48. A component according to claim 35, in which the electrically conductive fibres of the anode and cathode electrode structures are formed as a non woven fabric. 49. A component according to claim 35, in which at least one of the anode structure, the cathode structure and the separator structure is formed from a composite material which includes an electrically insulating binder matrix of polymer, ceramic or glass. 50. A component according to claim 49, in which the electrically insulating binder matrix material is an epoxy resin. 51. A component according to claim 49, in which the electrically insulating binder matrix material is an elastomer. 52. A component according to claim 49, in which the electrically insulating binder matrix material is an open cell foam. 53. A component according to claim 35, in which at least one of the anode structure, the cathode structure and the separator structure is formed from a composite material which includes a solid polymer electrolyte binder matrix. 54. A component according to claim 35, in combination with an aircraft wing skin. 55. A component according to claim 54, in which the wing skin includes a solar cell connected to the rechargeable battery. 56. The component according to claim 55, in combination with aircraft structural health monitoring equipment in which the rechargeable battery provides power for operating the structural health monitoring equipment. 57. A component according to claim 35, in combination with a spall liner for a vehicle. 58. A component according to claim 35, in combination with a vehicle instrument panel. 59. A component according to claim 35, comprising: mounting means for electronic equipment. 60. A method of manufacturing a component including, and being structurally inseparable from, a rechargeable battery of lithium ion chemistry, the rechargeable battery including an anode structure and a cathode structure having fibrous reinforcing material and plastics matrix material and a separator structure, the separator structure separating the anode from the cathode and being adapted to contain an electrolyte, the method comprising: laying up, on either side of the separator structure, a layup of plies of electrically conductive fibrous reinforcing material for the anode structure and the cathode structure; introducing a binder matrix into at least the anode structure and the cathode structure; and consolidating the layup of the cathode, anode and separator structure into a single composite component. 61. A component according to claim 35, comprising: unmodified composite material inseparable from the anode and cathode structures of the battery for containing toxic contents of the battery. 62. A component according to claim 61, in which the unmodified composite material is co-cured with the cathode and anode structures of the battery. 63. A component according to claim 61, in which the unmodified composite material forms an outer layer of the battery. 