A sustainable power supply unit for ISO containers that includes photo voltaic solar panels that produce electric power allowing standardized mounting and attachment on top of ISO containers. The power supply unit can include ISO container corner castings that allow two or more sustainable power supply units to be stacked during transportation and storage. The power supply unit can include a maximum power point tracker, electrical batteries, data handling equipment and an inverter for supplying plug and play electric power to an ISO container or other electricity demanding equipment.
Claims 1. A sustainable power supply unit for ISO containers comprising photo voltaic solar panels that produce electric power as well as ISO container corner castings allowing standardized mounting and attachment on top of standardized ISO containers and/or stacking of two or more sustainable power supply units during transportation and storage. 2. A sustainable power supply unit according to claim 1, further comprising a maximum power point tracker, electrical batteries, data handling equipment and an inverter for supplying plug and play electric power to an ISO container or other electricity demanding equipment. 3. A sustainable power supply unit according to claim 1, further comprising transverse beams having U-shaped profiles oriented with the open side upward allowing easy and safe placement of electrical batteries and other equipment into the power supply unit from above. 4. A sustainable power supply unit according to claim 1, further comprising a data logger and a communication unit that remotely survey and control the power supply unit. 5. A sustainable power supply unit according to claim 1, further comprising a drainage system for rain water. 6. A sustainable power supply unit according to claim 1, further comprising a mechanism allowing side by side coupling and electrical connection of several sustainable power supply units 7. A sustainable power supply unit according to claim 1, further comprising a foldable wind turbine that produces electric power. 8. A sustainable power supply unit according to claim 1, further comprising a mechanical system that orients the solar panels towards the sun. 9. The sustainable power supply unit according to claim 4, wherein the data logger and communication unit is a personal computer. 