A reaction chamber arrangement is provided, the reaction chamber arrangement including a first chemical reaction chamber; a second chemical reaction chamber; an isolation member between the first chemical reaction chamber and the second chemical reaction chamber, wherein a first electrode is mounted on a first side of the isolation member, an exposed surface of the first electrode facing into the first chemical reaction chamber and wherein a second electrode is mounted on a second side of the isolation member, an exposed surface of the second electrode facing into the second chemical reaction chamber; and an electronic component configured to measure or control at least one of the first chemical reaction chamber and the second chemical reaction chamber, wherein the electronic component is arranged between and connected to the first electrode and the second electrode, and at least partially surrounded by an isolation material of the isolation member.
Claims 1. A reaction chamber arrangement, comprising: a first chemical reaction chamber; a second chemical reaction chamber; an isolation member between the first chemical reaction chamber and the second chemical reaction chamber, wherein a first electrode is mounted on a first side of the isolation member, an exposed surface of the first electrode facing into the first chemical reaction chamber and wherein a second electrode is mounted on a second side of the isolation member, an exposed surface of the second electrode facing into the second chemical reaction chamber; and an electronic component configured to measure or control at least one of the first chemical reaction chamber and the second chemical reaction chamber, wherein the electronic component is arranged between and connected to the first electrode and the second electrode, and at least partially surrounded by an isolation material of the isolation member. 2. The reaction chamber arrangement according to claim 1, wherein the first electrode and the second electrode are electrically coupled through the isolation member to allow a charge carrier flow between the first electrode and the second electrode during a chemical reaction in the first chemical reaction chamber and the second chemical reaction chamber. 3. The reaction chamber arrangement according to claim 1, wherein the electronic component is configured to control a flow of charge carriers in at least one of the first electrode and the second electrode to generate a chemical reaction within at least one of the first chemical reaction chamber and the second chemical reaction chamber. 4. The reaction chamber arrangement according to claim 1, further comprising a first further electrode, wherein the first chemical reaction chamber is electrically coupled between the first electrode and the first further electrode; and wherein an exposed surface of the first further electrode faces into the first chemical reaction chamber; and a second further electrode, wherein the second chemical reaction chamber is electrically coupled between the second electrode and the second further electrode; and wherein an exposed surface of the second further electrode faces into the second chemical reaction chamber. 5. The reaction chamber arrangement according to claim 1, further comprising: a first isolated carrier and a second isolated carrier; wherein the first chemical reaction chamber and the first electrode are formed over the first isolated carrier; and wherein the second chemical reaction chamber and the second electrode are formed over the second isolated carrier; wherein the first isolated carrier is joined to the second isolated carrier by means of the isolation member joining the first electrode and the second electrode. 6. The reaction chamber arrangement according to claim 1, further comprising: a photovoltaic cell arrangement, wherein at least one of the first chemical reaction chamber and the second chemical reaction chamber comprises a photovoltaic material configured to generate a flow of charge carriers in at least one of the first electrode and the second electrode in response to a photo-induced chemical reaction in the photovoltaic material. 7. The reaction chamber arrangement according to claim 1, further comprising: a battery cell arrangement, wherein at least one of the first chemical reaction chamber and the second chemical reaction chamber comprises an electrolyte configured to generate a flow of charge carriers in at least one of the first electrode and the second electrode in response to a movement of ions in the electrolyte between the first electrode and the second electrode. 8. The reaction chamber arrangement according to claim 1, further comprising: a sensor arrangement, wherein at least one of the first chemical reaction chamber and the second chemical reaction chamber comprises a sensing area configured to generate a flow of charge carriers in at least one of the first electrode and the second electrode in response to a signal received by the sensing area. 9. The reaction chamber arrangement according to claim 1, wherein the reaction chamber arrangement comprises at least one sensor. 10. The reaction chamber arrangement according to claim 9, wherein the at least one sensor comprises at least one sensor from at least one from the following group of sensors, the group consisting of: a chemical sensor; a biological sensor; a biochemical sensor; a pressure sensor; and a temperature sensor. 11. The reaction chamber arrangement according to claim 1, wherein the first electrode and the second electrode are adhered to the isolating member. 12. The reaction chamber arrangement according to claim 1, wherein the electronic component is adhered between the first electrode and the second electrode in the isolating member. 13. The reaction chamber arrangement according to claim 1, wherein the first electrode is electrically connected to the second electrode through the electronic component embedded in the isolating member. 14. The reaction chamber arrangement according to claim 1, wherein the electronic component is configured to measure or control one or more signals associated with a flow of charge carriers between the first electrode and the second electrode. 15. The reaction chamber arrangement according to claim 1, wherein the electronic component is configured to measure or control at least one signal from the following group of signals of at least one of the first chemical reaction chamber and the second chemical reaction chamber, the group of signals consisting of: current flow, charge concentration, charge homogeneity, current homogeneity, voltage, temperature. 16. The reaction chamber arrangement according to claim 1, wherein the electronic component is configured to identify at least one of the first chemical reaction chamber and the second chemical reaction chamber. 17. The reaction chamber arrangement according to claim 1, wherein the electronic component is configured to measure or control the first chemical reaction chamber independently from the second chemical reaction chamber. 18. The reaction chamber arrangement according to claim 1, wherein the electronic component is configured to provide feedback between the first chemical reaction chamber and the second chemical reaction chamber, wherein behavior of the first chemical reaction chamber and the second chemical reaction chamber are interdependent. 19. The reaction chamber arrangement according to claim 1, wherein the electronic component is configured to measure or control a region of the first chemical reaction chamber independently from at least a further region of the first chemical reaction chamber. 20. The reaction chamber arrangement according to claim 1, wherein the first electrode and the second electrode each comprises at least one from the following group of materials, the group consisting of: Cu, Al, Sn, Zn, Au, Pt, Pd, Ag, Hg, W, Cr, Mn, Pb, C, carbon, metals or metal alloys. 21. The reaction chamber arrangement according to claim 1, wherein the isolating member comprises an electrically insulating material. 22. The reaction chamber arrangement according to claim 21, wherein the isolating member comprises at least one from the following group of materials, the group consisting of: an epoxy, a polymer, a laminate, a plastic, a thermoplastic, a foil, a thermoplastic pressed foil. 23. The reaction chamber arrangement according to claim 1, wherein the isolating member comprises a thickness in the range from about 100 .mu.m to about 300 .mu.m. 24. The reaction chamber arrangement according to claim 1, wherein the first electrode is electrically connected to a first terminal of a power supply via the first reaction chamber, and wherein the second electrode is electrically connected to a second terminal of the power supply through the second reaction chamber. 25. The reaction chamber arrangement according to claim 4, further comprising a third chemical reaction chamber; a further isolation member between the second chemical reaction chamber and the third chemical reaction chamber, wherein the second further electrode is mounted on a first side of the further isolation member, the exposed surface of the second further electrode facing into the second chemical reaction chamber and wherein a third electrode is mounted on a second side of the further isolation member, an exposed surface of the third electrode facing the third chemical reaction chamber; and a further electronic component configured to measure or control at least one of the second chemical reaction chamber and the third chemical reaction chamber, wherein the electronic component is arranged between and connected to the second further electrode and the third electrode, and at least partially surrounded by a further isolation material of the further isolation member. 26. A method for forming a reaction chamber arrangement, the method comprising: forming a first chemical reaction chamber; forming a second chemical reaction chamber; forming an isolation member between the first chemical reaction chamber and the second chemical reaction chamber, mounting a first electrode on a first side of the isolation member, wherein an exposed surface of the first electrode faces into the first chemical reaction chamber, mounting a second electrode on a second side of the isolation member, wherein an exposed surface of the second electrode faces into the second chemical reaction chamber; configuring an electronic component to measure or control at least one of the first chemical reaction chamber and the second chemical reaction chamber; arranging the electronic component between and connecting the electronic component to the first electrode and the second electrode, and at least partially surrounding the electronic component by an isolation material of the isolation member. 