A device, system and method for personal health monitoring based on multitude-points environmental data is disclosed. a plurality of indoor sensing devices and a plurality of outdoor sensing devices may be connected to a network to allow bidirectional communication between the sensing devices and a central server, and between the sensing devices themselves, over a communication network such as the internet. According to one method of the disclosed invention, a source of pollutions may be detected by comparing the levels of pollution sensed by different neighboring sensing devices and recommendations as to how to reduce the exposure to sensed pollutants may be sent to end users.
Claims 1. A sensing device for measuring pollution comprising: a sensing unit comprising at least one sensor; a data acquisition and processing unit; a communication unit; and a power unit; 2. The sensing device according to claim 1 wherein said at least one sensor is selected from a group comprising: air pollution sensors, for sensing gasses and for sensing particles by size; noise sensors; radiation sensors water pollution sensors and atmospheric condition sensors. 3. The sensing device according to claim 1 wherein said acquisition and processing unit comprises: an analog to digital converter, to translate sensors readings to digital format; a real time clock for time tagging to sensors readings; a memory to store the device operating software and sensor readings; and a microprocessor. 4. The sensing device according to claim 1 wherein said power unit comprises: an energy storage component; and a voltage differentiation device; wherein said voltage differentiation device is adapted to provide different voltage to different components of said sensing apparatus. 5. The sensing device according to claim 4 wherein said power unit further comprises a connector to enable connection to an external power source. 6. The sensing device according to claim 5 wherein said external power source is an energy scavenging device selected from a group comprising: solar panel, wind electricity generator and vibration electricity generator. 7. A personal health monitoring system comprising: at least one outdoor sensing unit; at least one indoors sensing unit; a communication device; a server; and a database; wherein said at least one outdoor sensing unit, said at least one indoor sensing unit, said server and said database are in active communication with each other via a communication network. 8. The system according to claim 7 wherein each of said at least one outdoor sensing unit and said at least one indoor sensing unit comprises a plurality of sensors selected from a group comprising: air pollution sensors, for sensing gasses and for sensing particles by size; noise sensors; radiation sensors water pollution sensors and atmospheric condition sensors. 9. The system according to claim 7 wherein said server comprises a processor to process raw data received from said sensing units. 10. The system according to claim 9 wherein said processor is adapted to calibrate raw data received for said sensing units. 11. The system according to claim 9 wherein said processor is adapted to analyze data received for said sensing units and send said analyzed data to at least one user interface device. 12. The system according to claim 11 wherein said at least one user interface device is selected from a group comprising: a personal computer, a laptop computer, a mobile communication device and a website accessible via a communication network. 13. The system according to claim 7 wherein said database comprises data received from said sensing units and data received from other sources. 14. The system according to claim 7 wherein said database comprises a lookup table including sensed pollutants rates and recommended measures to reduce exposure to said sensed pollutants. 15-21. (canceled) 21. A method for indoor pollution source identification, the method comprising: receiving indoor pollution data form an indoor sensing unit; receiving outdoor pollution data from at least one outdoor sensing unit located in the vicinity of said indoor sensing unit; comparing said indoor pollution data and said outdoor pollution data based on common time scale; concluding, based on said comparison weather the pollution source is inside the indoor space, or outside said indoor space. 22. The method according to claim 21 wherein when the pollution source is indoors, indoor pollution source options are sent to a user. 23. The method of claim 22 further comprising the step of sending a user a questionnaire for determination the precise source of pollution. 24. The method of claim 21 wherein when the source of pollution is outdoors, sending a user optional pollution sources based on gradients analysis of pollution data at the area where the indoor location is. 25-38. (canceled) 