Methods and apparatus for easy and efficient loading, transporting, unloading, and deployment of one or more mobile security systems are provided, as well as the security systems themselves. For some embodiments, the security systems may have rails that may be engaged with the forks of a forklift, such that the systems may be easily and quickly loaded on or unloaded from a vehicle for transportation of multiple systems. The vehicle may also be fitted with one or more docking devices, such that the security systems may be inserted into the docking devices and quickly secured in place without straps or chains. In this manner, multiple systems may be easily and efficiently delivered to and/or picked up from one or more sites when compared to conventional one-system-at-a-time deployment methods. For some embodiments, the security systems may provide at least one solar panel for providing power.
Claims 1. A method of transporting at least one mobile security system, comprising: providing at least one docking device coupled to a vehicle; and inserting the mobile security system into the docking device at a first location for transportation, wherein the mobile security system comprises: surveillance equipment; and at least one solar panel for providing power for the surveillance equipment. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising securing the mobile security system in the docking device for transportation, wherein securing the mobile security system in the docking device comprises inserting one or more locking pins into the docking device. 3. The method of claim 1, further comprising: lifting the mobile security system with a forklift at the first location; and aligning the mobile security system with the docking device, wherein inserting the mobile security system comprises driving the forklift toward the docking device. 4. The method of claim 3, further comprising at least one of inserting arms into an enclosure of the mobile security system, adjusting a height of one or more legs for supporting the mobile security system, or rotating the legs about the arms of the mobile security system. 5. The method of claim 1, further comprising: moving the vehicle to a second location; and removing the mobile security system from the docking device at the second location. 6. The method of claim 5, further comprising pivoting the at least one solar panel away from or toward a surface of an enclosure of the mobile security system, the surface being angled with respect to a vertical axis of the enclosure. 7. The method of claim 5, further comprising: lowering the mobile security system with a forklift at the second location; and aligning the forklift with the docking device, wherein removing the mobile security system comprises backing the forklift away from the docking device. 8. The method of claim 7, further comprising at least one of extending arms from an enclosure of the mobile security system, adjusting a height of one or more legs for supporting the mobile security system, or rotating the legs about the arms of the mobile security system. 9. The method of claim 1, wherein the at least one solar panel comprises a main solar panel and one or more side solar panels. 10. The method of claim 9, further comprising folding the one or more side solar panels over the main solar panel. 11. The method of claim 9, further comprising: moving the vehicle to a second location; and removing the mobile security system from the docking device at the second location; and unfolding the one or more side solar panels from covering the main solar panel. 12. The method of claim 11, further comprising adjusting an angle of at least one of the side solar panels with respect to a surface of the main solar panel. 13. A mobile security system comprising: an enclosure; a mast attached to the enclosure; surveillance equipment coupled to the mast; at least one solar panel for providing power for the surveillance equipment; and two rails coupled to the enclosure and configured for coupling with a docking device mounted on a vehicle, such that the mobile security system is secure in the docking device during transportation. 14. The system of claim 13, wherein the two rails are configured to engage with forks of a forklift for lifting and lowering the mobile security system. 15. The system of claim 13, further comprising: arms extending from the enclosure, wherein extension of the arms from the enclosure is adjustable; and legs for supporting the mobile security system coupled to the arms, wherein a height of the legs is adjustable and the legs are rotatable around the arms. 16. The system of claim 13, wherein the at least one solar panel is mounted on a surface of the enclosure angled with respect to a vertical axis of the enclosure. 17. The system of claim 16, wherein the at least one solar panel is configured to pivot away from or toward the angled surface of the enclosure. 18. The system of claim 13, wherein the at least one solar panel comprises a main solar panel and one or more side solar panels. 19. The system of claim 18, further comprising means for connecting the side solar panels--or flaps on which the side solar panels are mounted--to the main solar panel, to a mounting panel on which the main solar panel is mounted, or to the enclosure. 20. The system of claim 19, wherein the means for connecting the side solar panels comprise one or more hinges, such that the one or more side solar panels are able to be folded over the main solar panel. 