Methods of facilitating a party's purchase of an electricity-generating solar power system are disclosed. The methods may comprise entering into, by the lender, an agreement with the party whereby, in exchange for a payment amount paid by the lender to a seller of the solar power system, the lender owns and is to sell up to 100% of the electricity generated by the party's solar power system after installation for a contract time period defined by the agreement. The methods may also comprise paying, by the lender, the payment amount to the seller for the solar power system. The contract time period may extend, for example, until sales of the electricity by the lender after installation generate an aggregate payment amount that meets or exceeds a specified level. The contract time period or unit quantity might also be fixed. The lender may also receive environmental attributes from the party.
Claims 1-64. (canceled) 65. A system for facilitating, by a lender, a property owner's purchase of an electricity-generating solar power system, the system comprising: a computer comprising at least one processor and associated memory, wherein the computer is programmed to: determine a payment amount to be paid by the lender for the solar power system, wherein the payment amount is based on a plurality of factors comprising a retail price of the solar power system, a government incentive payment for purchase of the solar power system, and a discount from the retail price; receive a reading from a solar system meter, the solar system meter in communication with the solar power system installed at a property owned by the property owner, wherein the reading indicates an amount of electricity generated by the solar power system, and wherein the lender owns a first property interest in the solar power system; determine a portion of the amount of electricity generated by the solar power system that is owned by the lender, wherein the determining comprises considering an indication of an agreement between the property owner and a lender, whereby, in exchange for the payment amount, the lender owns and is to sell the portion during a contract time period defined by the agreement; and determine a price for the portion of the amount of electricity generated by the solar power system considering the reading and a price per unit of electricity. 66. The system of claim 65, wherein determining the payment amount comprises determining the payment amount based on: Payment amount=(1-z)X-Y wherein z is the discount from the retail price; wherein X is the retail price of the solar power system; and wherein Y is the government incentive payment. 67. (canceled) 68. The system of claim 65, wherein the computer is further programmed to track electricity from the portion of the amount of electricity generated by the solar power system that is sold by the lender. 69. The system of claim 65, wherein the portion of the amount of electricity generated by the solar power system is provided to a third party according to at least one term of a supply agreement. 70. The system of claim 65, wherein the payment amount is directed by the lender to a solar integrator that sells and installs the solar power system. 71. The system of claim 65, wherein determining the portion of the amount of electricity generated by the solar power system comprises receiving an expiration of a contract time associated with a contract between at least the lender and the property owner. 72. The system of claim 65, wherein the computer is further programmed to determine a portion of renewable energy environmental attributes associated with the solar power system that are to be transferred to the lender. 73. The system of claim 72, wherein the renewable energy environmental attributes comprise at least one of renewable energy certificates and carbon credits. 74. The system of claim 72, wherein all of the renewable energy certificates associated with the solar power system during a contract time are to be transferred to the lender. 75. The system of claim 65, wherein determining the portion of the amount of electricity generated by the solar power system comprises: calculating a contract time period during which the portion of the amount of electricity generated by the solar power system is owned by the lender, wherein calculating the contract time period comprises at least one action selected from the group consisting of retrieving a predetermined amount of time; monitoring whether the lender has owned a specified quantity of electricity; and monitoring whether the lender has sold enough electricity from the solar power system to reach a specified aggregate payment level. 76. A computer method for facilitating, by a lender, a property owner's purchase of an electricity-generating solar power system, the method comprising: determining a payment amount to be paid by the lender for the solar power system, by a computer comprising at least one processor and associated memory, wherein the payment amount is based on a plurality of factors comprising a retail price of the solar power system, a government incentive payment for purchase of the solar power system, and a discount from the retail price; receive, by the computer a reading from a solar system meter, the solar system meter in communication with the solar power system installed at a property owned by the property owner, wherein the reading indicates an amount of electricity generated by the solar power system, and wherein the lender owns a first property interest in the solar power system; determine, by the computer a portion of the amount of electricity generated by the solar power system that is owned by the lender, wherein the determining comprises considering an indication of an agreement between the property owner and a lender, whereby, in exchange for the payment amount, the lender owns and is to sell the portion during a contract time period defined by the agreement; and determine, by the computer, a price for the portion of the amount of electricity generated by the solar power system considering the reading and a price per unit of electricity. 77. The method of claim 76, wherein determining the payment amount comprises determining the payment amount based on: Payment amount=(1-z)X-Y wherein z is the discount from the retail price; wherein X is the retail price of the solar power system; and wherein Y is the government incentive payment. 78. The method of claim 76, further comprising tracking electricity from the portion of the amount of electricity generated by the solar power system that is sold by the lender. 79. The method of claim 76, wherein the portion of the amount of electricity generated by the solar power system is provided to a third party according to at least one term of a supply agreement. 80. The method of claim 76, wherein the payment amount is directed by the lender to a solar integrator that sells and installs the solar power system. 81. The method of claim 76, wherein determining the portion of the amount of electricity generated by the solar power system comprises receiving an expiration of a contract time associated with a contract between at least the lender and the property owner. 82. The method of claim 76, further comprising determining a portion of renewable energy environmental attributes associated with the solar power system that are to be transferred to the lender. 83. The method of claim 82, wherein the renewable energy environmental attributes comprise at least one of renewable energy certificates and carbon credits. 84. The method of claim 82, wherein all of the renewable energy certificates associated with the solar power system during a contract time are to be transferred to the lender. 85. The method of claim 76, wherein determining the portion of the amount of electricity generated by the solar power system comprises: calculating a contract time period during which the portion of the amount of electricity generated by the solar power system is owned by the lender, wherein calculating the contract time period comprises at least one action selected from the group consisting of retrieving a predetermined amount of time; monitoring whether the lender has owned a specified quantity of electricity; and monitoring whether the lender has sold enough electricity from the solar power system to reach a specified aggregate payment level. 