Described herein are day lighting systems that utilize a combination of at least one natural light source with at least one multimode artificial light source. Also disclosed are methods for designing and operating such systems.
Claims 1. A lighting system, comprising: a natural light source configured to deliver natural light to the interior of a structure; a multimode artificial light source; an all sky camera; a control unit in communication with said multimode artificial light source and said all sky camera; and a mixing chamber configured to receive light from said natural light source and light from said at least one multimode artificial light source; wherein: said control unit is configured to, in response to an environmental control signal from said all sky camera, output at least one control signal to said multimode artificial light source; and said multimode artificial light source is configured to output light of varying color and color temperature in response to said at least one control signal. 2. The lighting system of claim 1, wherein said at least one multimode artificial light source comprises at least one light emitting diode (LED). 3. The lighting system of claim 2, wherein said at least one multimode artificial light source comprises at least one red, green, and blue LED. 4. The lighting system of claim 1, wherein said at least one multimode artificial light source comprises a plurality of light emitting diodes (LEDS), wherein each of said plurality of LEDS is individually addressed and controlled by said at least one control unit. 5. The lighting system of claim 1, wherein said natural light source comprises a solar tube and said mixing chamber is within said solar tube. 6. The lighting system of claim 1, wherein said at least one multimode artificial light source is disposed within at least one solar tube. 7. The lighting system of claim 1, wherein said environmental control signal comprises an image of the environment within a field of view of said all sky camera, and said control unit is configured to extract spectral information from said image, said spectral information being selected from the group consisting of light intensity, color, color temperature, spectral variation, and combinations thereof. 8. The lighting system of claim 7, wherein said control unit is further configured to average said spectral information over time, space, or a combination thereof. 9. The lighting system of claim 7, wherein said control unit is configured to correlate regions of said image to at least one location, field of view, viewing angle, or combination thereof, relative to the location of said all sky camera 10. The lighting system of claim 1, further comprising at least one single mode artificial light source. 11. The lighting system of claim 10, wherein the at least one single mode artificial light source comprises at least one first fluorescent lamp having a first color temperature and at least one second fluorescent lamp having a second color temperature, wherein the first color temperature differs from the second color temperature. 12. The lighting system of claim 1, wherein said natural light source comprises a solar tube. 13. The lighting system of claim 1, wherein said control unit is configured to: monitor the position of a sun and at least one object; predict an occlusion of said sun by said at least one object in at least one of time and space; and drive said multimode artificial light source to compensate for predicted variation in exterior light intensity, color variation, and combinations thereof. 14. A lighting method, comprising: providing a lighting system, comprising: a natural light source configured to deliver natural light to an interior of a structure; a multimode artificial light source; an all sky camera; and a control unit in communication with said all sky camera and said multimode artificial light source; measuring at least one environmental characteristic with said all sky camera; generating at least one environmental signal based on said at least one environmental characteristic; outputting said at least one environmental signal from said all sky camera to said control unit; determining, based on said at least one environmental signal, at least one control signal with said control unit; outputting said at least one control signal to said multimode artificial light source; outputting, in response to said at least one control signal, light of varying color and color temperature from said multimode artificial light source; and mixing said natural light and said light of varying color and color temperature. 14. The lighting method of claim 13, wherein said at least one multimode artificial light source comprises at least one red, green, and blue light emitting diode (LED), and combinations thereof. 15. The lighting method of claim 13, wherein said multimode artificial light source comprises a plurality of individual light emitting diodes (LEDS), wherein each of said plurality of LEDS is individually responsive to said at least one control signal. 16. The lighting method of claim 13, wherein said lighting system further comprises a mixing chamber configured to receive said natural light and light from said multimode artificial light source. 17. The lighting method of claim 13, wherein said multimode artificial light source is disposed within at least one solar tube. 18. The lighting method of claim 13, wherein said at least one environmental signal comprises an image of the environment within a field of view of said all sky camera, the method further comprising extracting spectral information from said image with said control unit, said spectral information being selected from the group consisting of light intensity, color, color temperature, spectral variation, and combinations thereof. 19. The lighting method of claim 18, wherein said control unit further comprises a memory having a first lighting profile stored therein in machine readable format; the method further comprising: determining, with said control unit, variances in said spectral information from said first lighting profile. 20. The lighting method of claim 19, further comprising: outputting, in response to said at least one control signal, light of a color and color temperature from said multimode artificial light source, wherein said color and color temperature are sufficient, independently of or in combination with said natural light source, to produce light of a second lighting profile in said structure, said second lighting profile being the same or different from said first lighting profile. 21. The lighting method of claim 18, further comprising: averaging, with said control unit, said spectral information over time, space, or a combination thereof. 22. The lighting method of claim 18, further comprising: correlating, with said control unit, regions of said image to at least one location, field of view, viewing angle, or a combination thereof, relative to the location of said all sky camera. 23. The lighting method of claim 13, further comprising: monitoring the position of a sun and at least one object with said control unit; predicting, with said control unit, an occlusion of said sun by said at least one object in at least one of time and space; and driving, with said control unit, said multimode artificial light source to compensate for predicted variation in exterior light intensity, color variation, and combinations thereof. 