A junction box for electrically connecting a photovoltaic (PV) module to a power distribution system having a mating conductor. The junction box includes a housing configured to be mounted on the PV module, the housing comprising a mating interface and an opening formed in the housing for engaging foil of the PV module. The housing is configured to mate with a mating conductor of the power distribution system at the mating interface. Engagement features positioned in the housing to secure a component form an electrical connection between foil of the PV module and the mating conductor.
Claims 1. A junction box for electrically connecting a photovoltaic (PV) module to a power distribution system having a mating conductor, the junction box comprising: a housing configured to be mounted on the PV module, the housing comprising a mating interface and an opening formed in the housing for engaging foil of the PV module, the housing being configured to mate with a mating conductor of the power distribution system at the mating interface; and engagement features positioned in the housing to secure a component forming an electrical connection between foil of the PV module and the mating conductor. 2. The junction box of claim 1, wherein the housing comprises a mounting side configured to be mounted on the PV module, the housing opening formed in the housing for engaging foil of the PV module through the mounting side. 3. The junction box of claim 2, wherein the component forming an electrical connection is contained inside the housing. 4. The junction box of claim 3, wherein the component is secured by the engagement features in a first position prior to assembly with the PV module. 5. The junction box of claim 3, wherein the component is secured by the engagement features in a second position during assembly with the PV module. 6. The junction box of claim 3, wherein the component forming an electrical connection between foil of the PV module and the mating conductor is a diode. 7. The junction box of claim 6, wherein legs of the diode form an electrical connection between foil of the PV module and the mating conductor. 8. The junction box of claim 1, wherein the opening formed in the housing for engaging foil includes a tapered inlet for insertion of the foil. 9. The junction box of claim 8, wherein the tapered inlet extends to a channel. 10. The junction box of claim 9, wherein the channel is an undercut channel. 11. The junction box of claim 10, wherein the undercut channel terminates at a protrusion. 12. The junction box of claim 1, wherein the mating interface comprises a guiding feature for guiding the mating conductor toward foil of the PV module. 13. The junction box of claim 12, wherein the guiding feature comprises an anvil permitting a conductor to be directed toward a foil as the conductor is plastically deformed along a contact surface of the anvil. 14. The junction box of claim 12, wherein the guiding feature comprises a passageway. 15. The junction box of claim 1, wherein the engagement features are flexible to accommodate a range of foil thickness. 16. A junction box for electrically connecting a photovoltaic (PV) module to a power distribution system having a mating conductor, the junction box comprising: a housing having a mounting side configured to be mounted on the PV module, the housing comprising a mating interface and an opening extending through the mounting side in the housing for engaging foil of the PV module, the housing being configured to mate with a mating conductor of the power distribution system at the mating interface; and engagement features positioned in the housing to secure a component forming an electrical connection between foil of the PV module and the mating conductor. 17. The junction box of claim 16, wherein the component forming an electrical connection is contained inside the housing. 18. A junction box for electrically connecting a photovoltaic (PV) module to a power distribution system having a mating conductor, the junction box comprising: a housing configured to be mounted on the PV module, the housing comprising a mating interface and an opening formed in the housing to receive foil extending from the PV module, the housing being configured to mate with a mating conductor of the power distribution system at the mating interface; and engagement features positioned in the housing to secure a component forming an electrical connection between foil of the PV module and the mating conductor. 19. The junction box of claim 18, wherein the engagement features are flexible to accommodate a range of foil thickness. 20. The junction box of claim 18, wherein the component forming an electrical connection is contained inside the housing. 