A solar absorber module is described. The module has a housing with a longitudinal axis with a first tapered housing section with a first, free end, and a second end with a reduced cross-sectional area compared to the first end, and with a second housing section adjoining the second end of the first housing section with a substantially constant cross-section over its length. The module also has a ceramic solar absorber element accommodated in the first end of the first housing section with a first surface that can be oriented toward the solar radiation with an axis of symmetry, and a second surface lying across from the first surface, wherein the solar absorber element has a large number of substantially straight channels connecting the first surface to the second surface. The solar absorber module is accommodated in the first end of the first housing section such that the axis of symmetry of the first surface is inclined relative to the longitudinal axis of the housing.
Claims 1-22. (canceled) 23. A solar absorber module comprising: a housing with a longitudinal axis, the housing comprising: a tapered housing section with a first free end and a second end, the second end having a reduced cross-sectional area compared to the first free end; and a second housing section adjoining the second end of the tapered housing section, the second housing section having a substantially constant cross-section over its length; and a ceramic solar absorber element accommodated in the first free end of the tapered housing section, the absorber element comprising: a first surface; a second surface lying across from the first surface; and a plurality of substantially straight channels connecting the first surface to the second surface, and wherein the solar absorber element is accommodated in the first free end of the first tapered housing section such that an axis of symmetry of the first surface is inclined relative to the longitudinal axis of the housing, and a first portion of the solar absorber element longitudinally protrudes more than a second portion of the solar absorber element relative to the second end of the tapered housing section, the longitudinal protrusion operative to create a shadow region above the first portion of the solar absorber element when light is incident upon the first surface at a first angle of incidence, the shadow region providing increased thermal efficiency when the solar absorber module is mounted adjacent to another solar absorber module in a solar absorber arrangement comprising a plurality of solar absorber modules. 24. The solar absorber module according to claim 23, wherein the angle of inclination is 5.degree.-20.degree.. 25. The solar absorber module according to claim 23, wherein the first surface of the solar absorber element is configured substantially flat, with the axis of symmetry coinciding with the normal of the first surface. 26. The solar absorber module according to claim 23, wherein the solar absorber element is configured as a flat component, in particular disk shaped or cube shaped, with the channels running substantially perpendicular to the planar length. 27. The solar absorber module according to claim 23, wherein the housing is produced from a ceramic material. 28. The solar absorber module according to claim 27, wherein the housing is produced from silicon infiltrated silicon carbide (SiSiC) or nitride bound silicon carbide (NSiC) or cordierite. 29. The solar absorber module according to claim 23, wherein the channels have a polygonal cross section. 30. The solar absorber module according to claim 29, wherein the channels have a hexagonal cross section. 31. The solar absorber module according to claim 23, wherein an inner wall of the second housing section is provided with an insulating lining. 32. The solar absorber module according to claim 31, wherein the insulating lining extends into the tapered housing section, wherein the insulating lining lies flat against the wall of the tapered housing section. 33. The solar absorber module according to claim 23, wherein an outer wall of the second housing section is coated with insulation. 34. The solar absorber module according to claim 23, wherein the second housing section has on its outer wall at least one spacer projection for centric mounting in a tube of the solar absorber arrangement. 35. The solar absorber module according to claim 23, wherein the housing comprises a wall extending over an entire internal cross-section of the tapered housing section, the wall provided with a plurality of openings. 36. The solar absorber module according to claim 35, wherein a distribution and/or cross section of the openings provided in the wall arranged in the tapered housing section is dimensioned such that a fluid stream flowing into the solar absorber element over substantially an entire cross section of the solar absorber element is guided uniformly into the second housing section with respect to individual surface area units on the solar absorber element. 37. The solar absorber module according to claim 35, wherein the housing is produced using a combination of hollow casting and solid casting processes. 38. The solar absorber module according to claim 23, wherein the solar absorber arrangement comprises a support structure for supporting the plurality of solar absorber modules. 39. The solar absorber arrangement according to claim 38, wherein the support structure has a number of double walled pipe sockets inset in the supporting structure, in which the respective second housing sections of the housing of the solar absorber modules are accommodated. 40. The solar absorber arrangement according to claim 38, wherein the support structure has a front face with an arrangement of first openings and second openings surrounding the first openings, wherein the solar absorber modules are accommodated in the first openings and the second openings are configured for discharge of cooled air flowing back. 41. The solar absorber arrangement according to claim 23, wherein the solar absorber element includes top channels defining an L-shaped channel with the first end of the first housing section. 42. The solar absorber arrangement according to claim 23, wherein the first free end of the tapered housing section is inclined relative to the longitudinal axis of the housing to define an acute angle. 43. A solar absorber system, comprising: a support structure; a first solar absorber module mounted on the support structure, the first solar absorber module comprising: a first housing; and a first solar absorber element accommodated in the first housing such that an axis of symmetry of a first surface of the first solar absorber element is inclined at a first angle of inclination relative to a longitudinal axis of the first housing, the first solar absorber element arranged to receive light at a first angle of incidence; and a second solar absorber module mounted on the support structure adjacent to the first solar absorber module with a gap region therebetween, the second solar absorber module comprising: a second housing; and a second solar absorber element accommodated in the second housing such that an axis of symmetry of a first surface of the second solar absorber element is inclined at a second angle of inclination relative to a longitudinal axis of the second housing, the second solar absorber element arranged to receive light at a second angle of incidence whereby the light received at the second angle of incidence is restricted from falling upon the gap region between the first and second solar absorber elements. 44. The solar absorber system according to claim 43, wherein the first angle of incidence is approximately 10.degree. with reference to the longitudinal axis of the first housing and the second angle of incidence is approximately 60.degree. with reference to the longitudinal axis of the second housing. 45. The solar absorber system according to claim 44, wherein the light received at the first angle of incidence is provided by a first set of heliostats and the light received at the second angle of incidence is provided by a second set of heliostats. 46. The solar absorber system according to claim 45, wherein the first set of heliostats is located at a first distance from the solar absorber system, and the second set of heliostats is located at a second distance from the solar absorber system, the second distance lesser than the first distance. 47. The solar absorber system according to claim 43, wherein the first angle of inclination is the same as the second angle of inclination. 48. The solar absorber system according to claim 43, wherein the second angle of incidence ranges from about 35.degree. to about 60.degree. with reference to the longitudinal axis of the second housing. 49. The solar absorber system according to claim 48, wherein the first angle of incidence is approximately 10.degree. with reference to the longitudinal axis of the first housing, and further wherein the second solar absorber module is mounted on the support structure adjacently over the first solar absorber module with the gap region therebetween. 50. A solar absorber module, comprising: a housing; and a solar absorber element having a plurality of channels connecting a first surface to a second surface of the solar absorber element, with at least one of the plurality of channels axially aligned with a wall of the housing, the at least one of the plurality of channels connected to an L-shaped channel such that air flowing in the at least one of the plurality of channels is routed into the L-shaped channel and routed into the housing in lieu of being blocked by the wall of the housing. 51. The solar absorber module according to claim 50, wherein the solar absorber element is accommodated in the housing such that an axis of symmetry of the first surface of the solar absorber element is inclined at an angle of inclination relative to a longitudinal axis of the housing. 52. The solar absorber module according to claim 51, wherein the angle of inclination relative to the longitudinal axis of the housing is zero. 53. The solar absorber module according to claim 51, wherein the angle of inclination relative to the longitudinal axis of the housing is in a 5.degree.-20.degree. range. 54. The solar absorber module according to claim 53, wherein the at least one of the plurality of channels comprises the top two channels of the solar absorber element. 