Disclosed is a communication system including a first set of wireless cameras, a first hub and a first relay device receiving first video data. Also included is a second set of wireless cameras, a second hub and a second relay device which receives (i) the first video data and (ii) a second video data. Included is a third set of wireless cameras, a third hub and a third relay device receiving (i) the first and second video data and (ii) a third video data. A monitoring device monitors the first, second and third relay devices. A video management system receives the first, second and third video data from the third relay device. If the second relay device is unable to transmit the video data at a minimum quality level, the monitoring device sends a signal directing the first relay device to send first video data via the third relay device.
Claims 1. A wireless camera data communication system comprising: a first set of remote wireless cameras; a first hub in wireless communication with the first set of wireless cameras; a first relay device receiving a first video data from the first hub via a connection; a second set of remote wireless cameras; a second hub in communication with the second set of wireless cameras; a second relay device receiving (i) the first video data from the first relay device and (ii) a second video data from the second hub; a third set of remote wireless cameras; a third hub in communication with the third set of wireless cameras; a third relay device receiving (i) the first and second video data from the second relay device and (ii) a third video data from the third hub; a monitoring device monitoring the first, second and third relay devices; and a video management system for receiving the first, second and third video data from the third relay device; wherein, when the second relay device is unable to transmit the video data at a minimum quality level, the monitoring device sends a signal directing the first relay device to send the first video data via the third relay device. 2. The wireless camera data communication system of claim 1, wherein the minimum quality level is predetermined and based on a perception of an ordinary user. 3. The wireless camera data communication system of claim 1, wherein the primary focus of the wireless camera is collecting video data. 4. The wireless camera data communication system of claim 1, wherein the first, second and third relay devices are located in a microwave relay network. 5. The wireless camera data communication system of claim 1, wherein the monitoring device is located remotely from the first, second and third hub and remotely from the first, second and third relay devices. 6. The wireless camera data communication system of claim 1, wherein the monitoring device is located inside at least one of the first, second and third hubs. 7. The wireless camera data communication system of claim 1, wherein the wireless cameras are associated with two or more hubs, base stations, or relay devices. 8. The wireless camera data communication system of claim 1, wherein the remote wireless cameras are wearable and weigh less than about 50 grams. 9. The wireless camera data communication system of claim 1, wherein a user provides an input by interfacing directly with the remote wireless camera. 10. The wireless camera data communication system of claim 1, wherein one or more wireless cameras operate using energy obtained by solar, wind, thermal or other environmentally friendly energy sources. 11. The wireless camera data communication system of claim 1, wherein a microwave backhaul is greater than 1 Gbps backhaul bandwidth capacity. 12. The wireless camera data communication system of claim 1, wherein the distance between relay stations is greater than 5 kilometers. 13. The wireless camera data communication system of claim 1, wherein the video management system receives the first, the second or the third video data from any combination of the first hub, the second hub, the third hub, the first relay station, the second relay station and/or the third relay station. 14. The wireless camera data communication system of claim 1, wherein the connection and the communication is wireless. 15. The wireless camera data communication system of claim 1, wherein a bandwidth of a communication link of the system is reduced by not relaying the first video data or the second video data at all times. 16. A method for monitoring a wireless camera data communication system, the wireless camera data communication system including a first set of remote wireless cameras, a first hub, a first relay device, a second set of remote wireless cameras, a second hub, a second relay device, a third set of remote wireless cameras, a third hub and a third relay device, the method comprising: receiving a first video data from the first hub to the first relay device; receiving (i) the first video data from the first relay device to the second relay device and (ii) a second video data from the second hub to the second relay device; receiving (i) the first and second video data from the second relay device to the third relay device and (ii) a third video data from the third hub to the third relay device; receiving the first, the second and the third video data from the third relay device to a video management system; monitoring the first, the second and the third relay devices; and sending a signal directing the first relay device to send the first video data to the third relay device when the second relay device is unable to transmit video data at a minimum quality level; wherein the sending is routed by a video monitoring device. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein the minimum quality level is predetermined and based on a perception of an ordinary user. 18. The method of claim 16, wherein the primary focus of the wireless camera is collecting video data. 19. The method of claim 16, wherein a user provides an input by interfacing directly with the remote wireless camera. 20. The method of claim 16, wherein the first hub, the second hub and the third hub are in communication with the first set of wireless cameras, the second set of wireless cameras and the third set of wireless cameras respectively. 21. The method of claim 16, wherein the connection and the communication is wireless. 22. The method of claim 16, wherein a decision on the signal directing is based upon at least one of the following metrics: (i) The video stream is not received; and (ii) A video frame rate, an error rate or a video quality falls below an acceptable measure as determined by the video monitoring device or a perception of an ordinary user. 23. The method of claim 16, wherein video performance metrics are used (i) to determine a failure point between the first relay and the second relay, or the second relay and the third relay, or the third relay and the first relay and (ii) to determine alternate routing paths to reestablish a data path between the first relay, the second relay or the third relay with the first hub, the second hub or the third hub. 24. The method of claim 16, wherein multiple video management systems and multiple video monitoring devices are attached to multiple points between the first relay, the second relay and the third relay and the video management systems and the multiple video monitoring devices are able to communicate through a non-relayed communication link; and wherein, when a failure point is detected, a best routing method is determined to ensure retention of data connections to a maximum number of the first hub, the second hub and the third hub by redirecting and relaying of the data through an alternate video management system. 