A panel mounting system for mounting a panel (particularly a solar panel) to a structure. A load element connects a panel retainer to the roof structure and plastically deforms to a deformed configuration upon application of a predetermined threshold load to the load element. The load element typically has a cranked initial condition and elongates during plastic deformation. The mounting system prevents roof damage due to wind loading on the panels.
Claims 1. A panel mounting system for mounting a panel to a structure, the panel mounting system comprising: a panel retaining arrangement; and a load element for connecting the panel retaining arrangement to a structure; wherein the load element has an initial configuration and is arranged to plastically deform to a second configuration upon application of a predetermined threshold load to the load element. 2. A panel mounting system according to claim 1, wherein the load element comprises an elongate element, and the load element plastically deforms upon application of the predetermined load to elongate in the longitudinal direction. 3. A panel mounting system according to claim 1, wherein the load element comprises opposed end portions extending in a generally common direction, and a cranked portion at a position intermediate the opposed ends. 4. A panel mounting system according to claim 1, wherein the load element comprises an elongate strut. 5. A panel mounting system according to claim 4, wherein the elongate strut is provided at a proximal end with means for securing to a structure and at its distal end secured to the panel retaining arrangement. 6. A panel mounting system according to claim 1, wherein the panel retaining arrangement comprises a panel retaining bracket or clamp. 7. A panel mounting system according to claim 6, wherein the panel retaining bracket or clamp is movable along a securing frame element. 8. A panel mounting system according to claim 1, wherein the panel retaining element is configured to secure panels in adjacent side by side relationship. 9. A panel mounting system according to claim 1, wherein the load element is arranged to bear the load of a panel. 10. A panel mounting system according to claim 1, wherein the load element is arranged to space a panel from a structure. 11. A panel mounting system according to claim 1, wherein when the load element reconfigures from its initial configuration to its second configuration, the external appearance of the system gives a visual indication that the reconfiguration has taken place. 12. A panel mounting system according to claim 11, wherein the system is provided with a plural part casing for the load element, the casing parts moving with respect to one another to vary the external appearance of the system as the load element plastically deforms. 13. A panel mounting system according to claim 1, wherein the load element is secured to a base. 14. A panel mounting system according to claim 13, wherein the base is provided with means for securing to a structure. 15. A method of mounting a panel to a structure, the method comprising: securing a panel to a panel retaining arrangement; connecting the panel retaining device to a structure with a load element having an initial configuration; and plastically deforming the load element to a second configuration upon application of a predetermined threshold load to the load element. 16. A method of mounting a solar panel at a position spaced above a structural roof skin, the method comprising: securing a panel to a panel retaining arrangement; connecting the panel retaining arrangement to a roof skin with a load element having an initial configuration; and plastically deforming the load element to a second configuration upon application of a predetermined threshold load to the load element. 17. A system for supporting a structural load, the system comprising a load element having an initial configuration under a first loading regime and being arranged to plastically deform to a second configuration upon application of a predetermined threshold load to the load element. 18. A panel mounting system according to claim 7, wherein the securing frame element comprises an element selected from the group consisting of a channel, rail and runner. 19. A panel mounting system according to claim 9, wherein the load element is arranged to bear the load of a panel in compression. 