Systems and methods for controlling a hybrid power architecture to provide fuel or energy savings. Recharge time of an energy storage device (ESD) is reduced through the application of a controlled potential and ESD recharge time management over the life of the hybrid system through manipulation of the ESD charge state window of operation. Fuel or energy savings is achieved by controlling the partial-state-of-charge (PSOC) window of the ESD based on a recharge resistance profile of the ESD and by controlling a charging potential applied to the ESD based on a recharge current and/or the estimated recharge resistance profile of the ESD.
Claims 1. A method comprising: controlling at least one of an applied recharge potential or a charge state operating window of an energy storage device in response to at least one of a monitored recharge resistance value or a monitored recharge current of the energy storage device to manage a recharge time of the energy storage device. 2. The method according to claim 1, further comprising reducing the recharge time relative to a discharge time of the energy storage device. 3. The method according to claim 1, further comprising reducing the recharge time of the energy storage device. 4. A method, comprising recharging an energy storage device by applying a first recharge potential to the energy storage device when a recharge resistance value of the energy storage device is below a resistance threshold value. 5. The method according to claim 4, further comprising continuing to recharge the energy storage device by applying a second recharge potential to the energy storage device that is lower than the first recharge potential when the recharge resistance value of the energy storage device is above the resistance threshold value. 6. The method according to claim 4, further comprising discharging the energy storage device when the recharge resistance value of the energy storage device is above the resistance threshold value. 7. A system, comprising: an energy storage device configured to store DC electrical power and provide DC electrical power to a DC load; a regulator operatively connected to the energy storage device and configured to convert AC electrical power, from an AC electrical power source, to DC electrical power and provide the DC electrical power to the energy storage device and/or to the DC load; and a controller in communication with the energy storage device and the regulator, and operable to: direct the regulator to apply a first recharge potential to the energy storage device when a determined recharge resistance value of the energy storage device is below a determined resistance threshold value; and direct the regulator to apply a second recharge potential to the energy storage device, which is lower than the first recharge potential, when the determined recharge resistance value of the energy storage device is above the determined resistance threshold value. 8. The system according to claim 7, wherein the energy storage device comprises a battery power source. 9. The system according to claim 7, wherein the controller is further operable to determine the recharge resistance value of the energy storage device by monitoring potential and recharge current of the energy storage device during operation of the system. 10. The system according to claim 7, wherein the controller is further operable to: store at least one of a determined profile or map of recharge resistance value versus charge state of the energy storage device, and determine a charge window of operation of the energy storage device, based on the at least one of the profile or the map, which conserves fuel or energy used by the AC electrical power source. 11. The system according to claim 10, wherein the controller is further operable to cyclically turn the AC electrical power source on and off based on the charge window of operation. 12. The system according to claim 10, wherein the controller is further operable to determine the at least one of the profile or map by monitoring potential and recharge current of the energy storage device during operation of the system. 13. The system according to claim 7, wherein the AC electrical power source comprises an engine and generator set that is configured to generate AC electrical power by consuming fuel. 14. The system according to claim 7, wherein the AC electrical power source comprises a wind energy system. 15. A system, comprising: an energy storage device configured to store DC electrical power and provide DC electrical power to a DC load; a regulator operatively connected to the energy storage device and configured to condition DC electrical power, from a DC electrical power source, and provide the DC electrical power to the energy storage device and/or to the DC load; and a controller in communication with the battery energy storage device and the regulator, and operable to: direct the regulator to apply a first recharge potential to the energy storage device when a determined recharge resistance value of the energy storage device is below a determined resistance threshold value; and direct the regulator to apply a second recharge potential to the energy storage device, which is lower than the first recharge potential, when the determined recharge resistance value of the energy storage device is above the determined resistance threshold value. 16. The system according to claim 15, wherein the energy storage device comprises a battery power source. 17. The system according to claim 15, wherein the controller is further operable to determine the recharge resistance value of the energy storage device by monitoring potential and recharge current of the energy storage device during operation of the system. 18. The system according to claim 15, wherein the controller is further operable to: store at least one of a determined profile or map of recharge resistance value vs. charge state of the energy storage device, and determine a charge window of operation of the energy storage device, based on the at least one of the profile or the map, which conserves energy produced and/or stored by the DC electrical power source. 19. The system according to claim 18, wherein the controller is further operable to cyclically turn the DC electrical power source on and off based on the charge window of operation. 20. The system according to claim 18, wherein the controller is further operable to determine the at least one of the profile or the map by monitoring potential and recharge current of the energy storage device during operation of the system. 21. The system according to claim 15, wherein the DC electrical power source comprises a solar energy system. 22. The system according to claim 15, wherein the DC electrical power source comprises a fuel cell energy system. 