An aeration/ventilation device to be mounted on an aperture of a soffit may include a mounting platform to cooperate with the aperture of the soffit, a motor housing connected to the mounting platform, and a fan motor connected to the motor housing to a.) pull/draw cooler air in from the exterior of the soffit (under-eave) area of the building structure thus forcing the cooler air into the soffit interior and on into the attic space. b.) pull/draw hotter air out from the attic space into the interior of the soffit area thus forcing the hotter air out from the under-eave area of the structure. The aeration/ventilation device my use a double, single or multiple fan motors. These fan motors may be fixed to or be adjustable to the pitch angle of the roof structures. The aeration device my also include an electronic control housing to control the operation of the fan motors. The exhaust side of the motors may be fitted with adjustable air thruster device to create the effective exhaust velocity for improved air ventilation and circulation, along with a domed intake screens designed for improved air intake velocity. As well as being equipped with an intake rain guard(s).
Claims 1. A method of aeration and ventilation of an attic space through the means of increasing the amount of air intake and air volume from the soffit or under-eave location of a building structure through by the use of at least one of power, suction and pressure to accelerate and reduce heat buildup or heat gain and the effects of solar radiation in a building structure. 2. A system for cooling an attic of a building, comprising: a motorized fan coupled to two joists, wherein said joists are attached to a roof of said attic; a barrier coupled to said joists, wherein a duct is created by said barrier, said joists and said roof; and a soffit vent attached to said duct, wherein said fan moves air through said soffit vent and said duct. 3. An aeration and ventilation apparatus that uses at least one of power, suction, pressure to draw cool air from under the soffit under eave of the house structure into the attic to cool the attic temperature at a more rapid rate. 4. A powered and pressured aeration/ventilation apparatus device that is either mounted with at least one of on the soffit or under eve of the house or mounted in the attic roof joist area while ducting cooler air in from the soffit/under the eave of the house. 5. A powered and pressured aeration ventilation device that can also either also be used as at least one of an intake or exhaust devise bring cooler air in or push hotter air out of the attic structure or both from the soffit or under-eave area of the structure. 6. A powered and pressured aeration ventilation device to be mounted horizontally at least one of on the aperture of an exterior soffit, or under eave location or in the interior of the attic space vertically between the roof joists of a building structure. 7. An aeration device to be mounted on an aperture of a soffit comprising: a mounting platform to cooperate with the aperture of the soffit; a motor housing or motor mount connected to the mounting platform; a fan motor connected to the motor housing to circulate air from the exterior of the soffit to the interior of the soffit. 8. An aeration device to be mounted on an aperture of a soffit as in claim 7, wherein there are two fan motors. 9. An aeration device to be mounted on an aperture of a soffit as in claim 7, wherein the aeration device includes multiple fan motors. 10. An aeration device to be mounted on an aperture of a soffit as in claim 7, where the aeration device includes a single fan motor. 11. An aeration device to be mounted on an aperture of a soffit as in claim 7, wherein the aeration device includes an electrical control connection housing to control the operation of the fan motor. 12. An aeration device to be mounted on an aperture of a soffit as in claim 7, wherein the aeration device includes a fluid deflector to deflect the air being circulated and air thruster to create the effective exhaust velocity for improved air ventilation and circulation. 13. An aeration device to be mounted on the aperture of a soffit as in claim 12, wherein the fluid deflector and air thruster is a truncated dome. 14. An aeration device to be mounted on the aperture of a soffit as in claim 7, wherein the aeration device includes an external filter being domed and designed for maximum air intake, improved air velocity, and noise reduction. 15. An aeration device to be mounted on the aperture of a soffit as in claim 7, wherein the aeration device includes a rain guard that is attached to or incorporated into the mounting ring. 16. The aeration device to be mounted on an aperture of a soffit as in claim 7, wherein the aeration device includes a fan/motor device may be mounted flat have or have a fixed pitch angle spacer or pivotally be adjustable to achieve a desirable air flow pitch angle. 17. An aeration device to be mounted on an aperture of a soffit as in claim 7, wherein the aeration device includes a hollow housing having a pivotal top wall. 18. An aeration device to be mounted on an aperture of a soffit as in claim 8, wherein the hollow housing includes a sidewall having an interior track to pivot the top wall. 19. An aeration device to be mounted on an aperture of a soffit as in claim 6, wherein the fan motor is connected to at least one of an elongated Cross flow or a fan blade 20. An aeration device to be mounted on an aperture of a soffit as in claim 10, wherein a hollow housing is formed to enclose the elongated fan blade while having an interior track to for an adjustable pitch exhaust thruster. 21. An aeration device to be mounted on an aperture of a soffit as in claim 7, wherein the device is formed to be mounted between the roof joists of the attic using the joist as a connected duct to the soffit and by removing components to include the screen guard and retainer ring from the intake side of the device and adding a finger guard component used in conjunction with the thruster on the exhaust side. 22. An aeration device for cooling an attic of a building, comprising: a soffit vent coupled to the attic of the building; and a motorized fan attached to said soffit vent, said motorized fan moving air through said vent into said attic. 23. A system for cooling an attic of a building, comprising: an output vent coupled to said attic, said output vent allowing air to move from said building; and a soffit vent coupled to say attic, said soffit vent comprising a motorized fan for moving air into said attic. 24. A method for cooling an attic, comprising the step of: moving cool air through a soffit vent into an attic, wherein said soffit vent comprises a motorized fan; and outputting attic air through an output vent of said attic. 