Systems and methods for coordinating selective activation of a multiplicity of emergency power generation equipment over a predetermined geographic area for distribution and/or storage to supply a microgrid of electrical power for a substantially similar geographic area.
Claims 1. A method for power generation and management comprising the steps of: providing a distributed power generation system including at least one piece of equipment for generating electrical power located at predetermined, distributed locations for providing emergency back-up power supply for use at the locations of power generation, without distribution of the electrical power beyond the locality where it is generated; selectively activating the power generation equipment to produce electricity for distribution over a microgrid and/or for storage until later distribution over the microgrid. 2. The method of claim 1, further including the step of coordinating selective activation of a multiplicity of emergency power generation equipment over a predetermined geographic area for distribution and/or storage to supply a microgrid of electrical power for a substantially similar geographic area. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the method provides for the selective activation of the power generation equipment to occur at times when the electrical grid is undersupplied. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein the method provides for the selective activation of the power generation equipment to occur during periods when the electrical grid experiences high demand for power supply. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein the method provides for the selective activation of the power generation equipment on a regular basis at least once per day. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein the method provides for the selective activation of the power generation equipment on a regular basis at least once per week. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein the method provides for the selective activation of the power generation equipment on a regular basis at least once per month. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein the system further includes a controller for activating the at least one piece of equipment. 9. The method of claim 1, wherein the system further includes a remote server computer in networked communication with the at least one piece of equipment for monitoring the status of the equipment and for activating the equipment remotely. 10. A system for power generation and management comprising: a multiplicity of power generation equipment located at predetermined, distributed locations for providing emergency back-up power supply for use in situs, without distribution of the electrical power beyond the locality where it is generated; wherein the equipment is selectively activatable, and constructed and configured in connection with an electrical power microgrid to produce electricity for distribution over the microgrid and/or for storage until later distribution over the microgrid. 11. The system of claim 10, further including more than one power generation equipment that is operable for coordinated, selective activation. 12. The system of claim 10, further including a multiplicity of emergency power generation equipment positioned apart over a predetermined geographic area for distribution and/or storage to supply a microgrid of electrical power for a substantially similar geographic area. 13. The system of claim 10, wherein the at least one equipment is selectively activatable at times when the electrical grid is undersupplied. 14. The system of claim 10, wherein the at least one equipment is selectively activatable during periods when the electrical grid experiences high demand for power supply. 15. The system of claim 10, wherein the method provides for the selective activation of the power generation equipment on a regular basis at least once per day. 16. The system of claim 10, wherein the method provides for the selective activation of the power generation equipment on a regular basis at least once per week. 17. The system of claim 10, wherein the method provides for the selective activation of the power generation equipment on a regular basis at least once per month. 18. The system of claim 10, wherein the system further includes a controller for activating the at least one piece of equipment. 19. The system of claim 10, wherein the system further includes a remote server computer in networked communication with the at least one piece of equipment for monitoring the status of the equipment and for activating the equipment remotely. 20. A system for power generation management comprising: a microgrid system constructed and configured for automatically managing electricity generation and releasing by a cell tower emergency power backup generator based on predictive modeling of real time wholesale energy market price, including at least one power generator, the at least one power generator including at least one electricity generator, wherein the at least one power generator is associated with a cell tower for the use of emergency backup during electricity blackout, constructed and configured to generate electricity for immediate supply through direct connection into a microgrid electrical distribution system and/or further includes at least one energy storage mechanism for providing temporary power storage for selectively discharging electricity into a microgrid. 21. The system of claim 20, wherein the at least one power generator is selected from the group consisting of solar arrays, natural gas generators, propane generators, diesel generators, and combinations thereof. 