An environmentally responsive building includes an array of window and/or building panels that are configured to generate an output product from environmental inputs. The panels may include photocatalytic elements capable of generating output product(s) from solar energy and atmospheric gas(es), and photovoltaic elements capable of generating electricity from solar energy. The building includes a transport network that provides inputs to the window/building panels and transports output product(s) to a storage system. A conversion system may be provided to convert the output product(s) to an input usable by the building. A supervisory controller monitors and controls the operation of the window/building panels as a function of the environment, and of the operation and capacity of the environmentally responsive components, including the panels, transport network, storage system and conversion system.
Claims 1. An environmentally responsive building comprising: a plurality of panels associated with the building and configured to generate at least one output product using at least one environmental input; a storage system associated with the building and connected to said plurality of panels for storing the at least one output product; at least one field controller operatively associated with one or more of said plurality of panels to modify the generation of output product by the associated panel or panels; and a supervisory controller operably coupled to said at least one field controller and configured to direct said field controller in response to environmental conditions at the building or to a condition of the building. 2. The environmentally responsive building of claim 1, wherein said plurality of panels includes a plurality of photocatalytic panels with a photocatalytic element adapted to generate an output product from environmental inputs, including solar energy and an atmospheric gas, in a catalytic reaction. 3. The environmentally responsive building of claim 2, wherein the atmospheric gas includes carbon dioxide (CO.sub.2). 4. The environmentally responsive building of claim 3, wherein the at least some of said photocatalytic panels include a portion that is permeable to atmospheric CO.sub.2. 5. The environmentally responsive building of claim 2, wherein atmospheric water is an environmental input to said plurality of photocatalytic panels. 6. The environmentally responsive building of claim 2, wherein: said photocatalytic element generates a gaseous or liquid output product; and said storage system includes a tank adapted to store the gaseous or liquid output product. 7. The environmentally responsive building of claim 6, wherein the output product is methanol. 8. The environmentally responsive building of claim 2, wherein the supervisory controller is configured to direct the field controller associated with a photocatalytic panel in response to the amount of solar energy received by the panel. 9. The environmentally responsive building of claim 8, further comprising: a sensor associated with the photocatalytic panel operable to generate data indicative of the amount of solar energy received by the panel; wherein said field controller is configured to stop generation of output product by the photocatalytic panel; and wherein said supervisory controller is configured to direct said field controller to stop generation of output product if the data from said sensor is outside a set point value corresponding to a minimum amount of solar energy to support the catalytic reaction in said panel. 10. The environmentally responsive building of claim 2, wherein: at least one of the plurality of photocatalytic panels includes a shield movable to control the amount of solar energy received by said photocatalytic element; and said field controller is configured to control the movement of said shield to block at least a portion of said photocatalytic element to thereby control the generation of output product by said photocatalytic element. 11. The environmentally responsive building of claim 10, further comprising: a sensor associated with the photocatalytic panel operable to generate data indicative of the amount of solar energy received by the panel; and wherein said supervisory controller is configured to direct said field controller to move said shield to block at least a portion of said photocatalytic element if the data from said sensor is outside a set point value corresponding to a maximum amount of solar energy to be received by said photocatalytic element. 12. The environmentally responsive building of claim 10, wherein said shield includes a photovoltaic panel configured to configured to generate electricity from solar energy. 13. The environmentally responsive building of claim 2, wherein said plurality of panels includes one or more secondary panels configured to extract atmospheric gas, said secondary panels connected to one or more of a storage for the extracted atmospheric gas and a photocatalytic panel to receive the extracted atmospheric gas. 14. The environmentally responsive building of claim 13, in which the exterior surface of the building includes a portion that receives direct sunlight and a portion that is generally shaded, wherein said secondary panels are associated with the generally shaded portion of the building exterior. 15. The environmentally responsive building of claim 13, wherein said secondary panels include a membrane exposed to the atmosphere that is permeable to the atmospheric gas. 16. The environmentally responsive building of claim 1, wherein said plurality of panels includes a plurality of photovoltaic panels configured to generate electricity from solar energy. 17. The environmentally responsive building of claim 1, wherein said supervisory controller is operable to monitor a condition of said storage system and to direct said at least one field controller to control the generation of said at least one output product in response to that condition. 18. The environmentally responsive building of claim 17, wherein said supervisory controller is operable to direct said at least one field controller to stop generation of said at least one output product when said storage system reaches its capacity. 19. The environmentally responsive building of claim 18, wherein: the storage system includes a sensor operable to generate data indicative the level of product within the storage system; and said supervisory controller is configured to generate an alert when the data indicates a pre-determined level less than the capacity of said storage system. 20. The environmentally responsive building of claim 2, further comprising a water supply, wherein said photocatalytic panels are coupled to said water supply to provide water to said photocatalytic element for the catalytic reaction. 21. The environmentally responsive building of claim 20, wherein said at least one field controller is configured to control the flow of water to said photocatalytic element to thereby control the generation of the output product. 22. The environmentally responsive building of claim 21, further comprising: a sensor associated with said photocatalytic element operable to generate data indicative of the amount of water available to said element; and wherein said supervisory controller is configured to direct said field controller to increase the flow of water in response to the data being below a set point. 23. The environmentally responsive building of claim 1, further comprising a conversion system adapted to receive said at least one output product and configured to generate a second product. 24. The environmentally responsive building of claim 23, wherein: said plurality of panels includes a plurality of photocatalytic panels with a photocatalytic element adapted to generate methanol from environmental inputs, including solar energy, water and carbon dioxide, in a catalytic reaction; and said conversion system is configured to convert methanol to an input to the building. 25. The environmentally responsive building of claim 1, wherein said plurality of panels are provided in an array mounted to a surface of the building, the grid including panels selected from photocatalytic panels, with a photocatalytic element adapted to generate an output product from solar energy and carbon dioxide, and photovoltaic panels adapted to generate electricity from solar energy. 26. The environmentally responsive building of claim 1, wherein said plurality of panels form at least part of the building skin. 27. The environmentally responsive building of claim 1, wherein said plurality of panels include at least one optically transparent window incorporating at least one of a photocatalytic panel, with a photocatalytic element adapted to generate an output product from solar energy and carbon dioxide, and a photovoltaic panel adapted to generate electricity from solar energy. 28. An environmentally responsive building having an exterior surface exposed to sunlight, said building comprising: a plurality of photocatalytic panels on a substantial portion of the exterior surface of the building, said photocatalytic panels each including a photocatalytic element adapted to generate an output product from environmental inputs, including solar energy and an atmospheric gas, in a catalytic reaction; a storage system connected to said plurality of photocatalytic panels to store said output product; and a plurality of field controllers, each associated with one or more of said plurality of photocatalytic panels and configured to control the environmental inputs to said panels to thereby control the generation of said output product. 29. The environmentally responsive building of claim 28, wherein the atmospheric gas is carbon dioxide (CO.sub.2) and said photocatalytic panels include a portion that is permeable to CO.sub.2. 30. The environmentally responsive building of claim 28, wherein the environmental inputs include water and said photocatalytic panels include a portion that is permeable to atmospheric moisture. 31. The environmentally responsive building of claim 28, wherein: the environmental inputs include water; said plurality of photocatalytic panels are connected to a water supply; and said at least one field controller includes a field controller configured to control the flow of water from said water supply to a corresponding one of said photocatalytic panels. 32. The environmentally responsive building of claim 28, wherein: each of said plurality of photocatalytic panels includes a shield movable to control the amount of solar energy received by said photocatalytic element; and said plurality of field controllers are configured to control the movement of a corresponding shield to block at least a portion of an associated photocatalytic element to thereby control the generation of output product by said photocatalytic element. 33. The environmentally responsive building of claim 32, wherein said shield includes a photovoltaic panel configured to configured to generate electricity from solar energy. 34. The environmentally responsive building of claim 32, further comprising a photovoltaic panel adjacent each of said plurality of photocatalytic panels, wherein said shield is movable between a position blocking at least a portion of said associated photocatalytic element and a position blocking at least a portion of said adjacent photovoltaic panel. 35. The environmentally responsive building of claim 28, wherein: said environmental inputs include electricity; said plurality of photocatalytic panels includes an electrode arranged relative to said photocatalytic element to enhance the catalytic reaction; and the building further comprises a photovoltaic panel adjacent each of said plurality of photocatalytic panels, each photovoltaic panel configured to generate electricity from solar energy and each photovoltaic panel connected to the electrode of an adjacent photocatalytic panel. 36. A method for reducing atmospheric carbon dioxide (CO.sub.2) comprising: providing a building having a plurality of photocatalytic panels exposed to the atmosphere, each including a photocatalytic element adapted to generate an output product from environmental inputs, including solar energy and atmospheric CO.sub.2, in a catalytic reaction; controlling the operation of the plurality of photocatalytic panels to control the generation of the output product; and storing the output product at the building for use by the building or subsequent shipment to another location. 37. The method of claim 36, further comprising: providing secondary panels on the building configured to extract atmospheric CO.sub.2; and providing the extracted CO.sub.2 to the plurality of photocatalytic panels. 38. The method of claim 36, further comprising: providing water as an environmental input to the plurality of photocatalytic elements for the catalytic reaction; and controlling the water provided to the photocatalytic elements to control the generation of the output product. 39. The method of claim 36, further comprising: monitoring the amount of solar energy received by the photocatalytic panels; and shielding the photocatalytic elements from sunlight when the solar energy exceeds a predetermined set point. 40. The method of claim 36, further comprising: monitoring the amount of solar energy received by the photocatalytic panels; and controlling the introduction of an environmental input to the photocatalytic panels to stop the catalytic reaction when the solar energy falls below a predetermined set point. 41. An environmentally responsive system comprising: a plurality of panels exposed to sunlight, each including a photoconversion element adapted to generate an output product from environmental inputs, including solar energy and an atmospheric gas; a storage system connected to said plurality of panels to store said output product; and a plurality of field controllers, each associated with one or more of said plurality of panels and configured to control the environmental inputs to said panels to thereby control the generation of said output product. 42. The environmentally responsive system of claim 41, wherein the atmospheric gas is carbon dioxide (CO.sub.2) and said panels include a portion that is permeable to CO.sub.2. 43. The environmentally responsive system of claim 41, wherein the environmental inputs include water and said panels include a portion that is permeable to atmospheric moisture. 44. The environmentally responsive building of claim 41, wherein: the environmental inputs include water; said plurality of panels are connected to a water supply; and said at least one field controller includes a field controller configured to control the flow of water from said water supply to a corresponding one of said panels. 45. The environmentally responsive system of claim 41, wherein: each of said plurality of panels includes a shield movable to control the amount of solar energy received by said photoconversion element; and said plurality of field controllers are configured to control the movement of a corresponding shield to block at least a portion of an associated photoconversion element to thereby control the generation of output product by said panel. 46. The environmentally responsive system of claim 41, wherein said shield includes a photovoltaic panel configured to configured to generate electricity from solar energy. 47. The environmentally responsive system of claim 41, further comprising a photovoltaic panel adjacent each of said plurality of panels, wherein said shield is movable between a position blocking at least a portion of said associated photocatalytic element and a position blocking at least a portion of said adjacent panel. 48. The environmentally responsive system of claim 41, wherein: said environmental inputs include electricity; said plurality of panels includes an electrode connected to said photoconversion element; and the system further comprises a photovoltaic panel adjacent each of said plurality of panels, each photovoltaic panel configured to generate electricity from solar energy and each photovoltaic panel connected to the electrode of an adjacent panel. 49. The environmentally responsive system of claim 41, further comprising one or more secondary panels configured to extract atmospheric gas, said secondary panels connected to one or more of a storage for the extracted atmospheric gas and a panel to receive the extracted atmospheric gas. 50. The environmentally responsive system of claim 49, wherein said secondary panels include a membrane exposed to the atmosphere that is permeable to the atmospheric gas. 