Solar cell including a substrate with first p-n-junction, separating the substrate into front portion having first doping and rear portion having second doping, being located close to front surface of substrate. A front layer having a p-n-junction, separating the front layer into front portion having first doping and rear portion having second doping. At least one first electric contact provided on front side of the solar cell electrically connected to front portion of the front layer, and second electric contact provided on rear side of solar cell electrically connected to a contact point provided on front side of the solar cell. Contact point is placed on a bottom surface of a groove open to front side of the cell and extending to rear portion of substrate, and an electrical connection between the second electric contact and the contact point is provided by the rear portion.
Claims 1. A solar cell comprising: a semiconductor substrate having a substrate front surface and a substrate rear surface; a first p-n-junction provided in the substrate close to the substrate front surface, the first p-n-junction separates the substrate into a substrate front portion having a first doping and a substrate rear portion having a second doping; a front layer comprising a further p-n-junction provided on the substrate front surface of the substrate, the further p-n-junction separating the front layer into a further front portion having the first doping and a further rear portion having the second doping, the further front portion being separated from the substrate front portion; at least one first electric contact being provided on a front side of the solar cell that is electrically connected to the further front portion; at least one second electric contact being provided on a rear side of the solar cell that is electrically connected to at least one contact point provided on the front side of the solar cell; the at least one contact point being placed on a bottom surface of a groove that opens to the front side of the solar cell and which extends to the rear portion of the substrate; and an electrical connection between the at least one second electric contact and the at least one contact point is provided by the rear portion of the substrate. 2. The solar cell according to claim 1, further comprising at least one intermediate layer comprising a p-n-junction provided between the substrate and the front layer, the intermediate p-n-junction separating the at least one intermediate layer into an intermediate front portion having the first doping and an intermediate rear portion having the second doping, the intermediate front portion being separated from the substrate front portion. 3. The solar cell according to claim 1, wherein the groove is provided on and opens to a lateral side of the solar cell. 4. The solar cell according to claim 1, further comprising at least one of: an antireflection coating at least partially provided on the further front surface of the further front layer; and at least one contact pad for the at least one contact point on the bottom surface of the groove, the bottom surface having an antireflection coating at least partially around the at least one contact pad. 5. The solar cell according to claim 1, wherein the solar cell is a III-V triple junction cell and the substrate is a Germanium wafer. 6. The solar cell according to claim 1, further comprising a cover glass provided on the further front surface, the cover glass being provided with cut-outs at positions of the at least one contact point. 7. The solar cell according to claim 6, wherein the cut-outs have a same size as a contact pad for an electric contact. 8. A solar cell assembly including at least two interconnectable solar cells according to claim 1, the solar cell assembly comprising: first and second electric contact pads for respective first and second electric contacts for each solar cell, wherein a first electric contact pad of a first solar cell is positioned adjacent to a second electric contact pad of another solar cell and a second electric contact pad of the first solar cell is positioned adjacent to a first electric contact pad of the another solar cell, and the first and second solar cells are arranged to form a row of solar cells; and interconnectors being arranged to connect each first electric contact pad of the first solar cell with the adjacent second electric contact pad of the another solar cell and to connect each second electric contact pad of the first solar cell with the adjacent first electric contact pad of the another solar cell, wherein each interconnector is sized so that no part of the interconnector protrudes from the front surfaces of the first and another solar cells connected by the interconnector. 9. A solar cell assembly of at least three interconnectable solar cells according to claim 1, the solar cell assembly comprising: first and second electric contacts pads for respective first and second electric contacts for each solar cell, wherein a first electric contact pad of a solar cell is positioned adjacent to a second electric contact pad of another solar cell and a second electric contact pad of the solar cell is positioned adjacent to a first electric contact pad of the another solar cell, and the solar cells being arranged to form an array of solar cells; and interconnectors being arranged to connect each first electric contact pad of the solar cell with the adjacent second electric contact pad of the another solar cell and to connect each second electric contact pad of the solar cell with the adjacent first electric contact pad of the another solar cell, wherein each interconnector is sized so that no part of the interconnector protrudes from the front surfaces of the solar cells connected by the interconnector. 10. The solar cell assembly according to claim 9, wherein the interconnectors are formed in a U-shaped or a W-shaped configuration. 11. The solar cell assembly according to claim 9, wherein at least one free end of the interconnector is bent upwardly away from an associated electric contact pad and distant from a sidewall of the groove. 12. The solar cell assembly according to one of claims 9, wherein each interconnector comprises a plurality of grid fingers, each of which is contacted separately to the associated electric contact pad. 13. The solar cell assembly according to one of claims 9, further comprising a cover glass provided on the further front surface of the front layer, wherein each interconnector is provided with a cover member covering a front surface of the interconnector. 14. The solar cell assembly according to claim 13, wherein the cover member is mounted to the interconnector in a flexible manner. 15. The solar cell assembly according to one of claims 9, further comprising a cover glass provided on the further front surface of the front layer of each solar cell, wherein a front surface of the cover glass is provided with a conductive coating that is connected to a metallized portion of a side wall of the cover glass adjacent to the groove accommodating one of the contact pads, and the metallized portion is electrically connected to the first electric contact pad. 16. The solar cell according to claim 15, wherein a free end of the interconnector is bent towards the front side of the solar cell, and the bent portion of the interconnector electrically contacts the metallized portion when the interconnector is fixed to the electric contact pad. 17. The solar cell according to claim 15, wherein the bent portion forms grid fingers at free ends. 18. A method of manufacturing the solar cell assembly in accordance with claim 9, the method comprising: applying an adhesive to the rear side of the solar cell, and at least at positions underneath all front side contact pad locations; placing the rear side of the solar cell onto a support structure; curing the adhesive by applying heat and or pressure onto the support structure with the solar cell placed thereon; applying an adhesive to the another solar cell, at least at positions underneath all front side contact pad locations, placing the rear side of the another solar cell onto the support structure so that associated contact pads of the solar cell and the another solar cell to be interconnected are positioned close to one another and curing the adhesive; and placing and welding the interconnectors to connect the associated contact pads. 19. The method according to claim 18, wherein the adhesive comprises a vulcanizing silicone adhesive. 20. The method according to claim 18, wherein the curing comprises: first curing the adhesive at the positions underneath all front side contact pad locations; and after the first curing, curing the adhesive at remaining adhesive positions, wherein, between the first curing and the curing after the first curing, the method further comprises testing at least one of mechanical and electrical integrity of the solar cell. 21. The method according to claim 18, further comprising placing a cover glass over the plurality of solar cells and mounting the glass cover at least one of to the support structure and to the solar cells. 