A heat treatment method of the present invention includes mounting a plurality of semiconductor wafers upright on a treatment boat in parallel to each other, inserting the treatment boat in a space above an injector located in a tube to be oriented to plane surfaces of the semiconductor wafers in parallel to an extending direction of the tube, and heating the tube while continuously supplying source gas into the tube through openings of the injector.
Claims 1. A heat treatment method of semiconductor wafers, wherein the method uses a heat-resistant tube extending in a horizontal direction as a process chamber; a gas pipe is installed in an inner lower portion of the tube; and a treatment boat is placed in the tube, wherein the treatment boat includes a pair of first shield plates that shields entire side surfaces of a plurality of semiconductor wafers mounted on the treatment boat in parallel to each other; the heat treatment method comprising: heating the tube while supplying source gas into the tube, thereby performing heat treatment to the semiconductor wafers mounted on the treatment boat; mounting the semiconductor wafers upright in parallel to each other on the treatment boat; inserting the treatment boat into a space above the gas pipe in the tube to be oriented to plane surfaces of the semiconductor wafers in parallel to an extending direction of the tube; and continuously supplying the source gas into the tube from an opening of the gas pipe and heating the tube. 2. The heat treatment method of semiconductor wafers according to claim 1, wherein the source gas is continuously flowed into the treatment boat from below the treatment boat and is continuously flowed to an upper side of the treatment boat. 3. The heat treatment method of semiconductor wafers according to claim 2, wherein a discharge pipe is placed inside of the tube at an upper portion thereof, and the source gas flowed to the upper side of the treatment boat is continuously discharged from an opening of the discharge pipe. 4. The heat treatment method of semiconductor wafers according to claim 1, wherein the first shield plates having upper ends 2 millimeters or more higher than upper ends of the semiconductor wafers mounted on the treatment boat and having lower ends 2 millimeters or more lower than lower ends of the semiconductor wafers shield the entire side surfaces of the semiconductor wafers. 5. The heat treatment method of semiconductor wafers according to claim 1, wherein the treatment boat further including second plates parallel to the semiconductor wafers is used to shield around the semiconductor wafers. 6. The heat treatment method of semiconductor wafers according to claim 1, wherein the first shield plates have protruding configurations that block spaces between semiconductor wafers on sides of the semiconductor wafers. 7. A manufacturing method of a solar battery, wherein heat diffusion treatment is performed by the heat treatment method of semiconductor wafers according to claim 1 while using gas including a dopant as the source gas, thereby forming an impurity diffusion layer on a surface of each of the semiconductor wafers to form a p-n junction inside of each of the semiconductor wafers. 8. A heat treatment method of semiconductor wafers, wherein the method uses a heat-resistant tube extending in a horizontal direction as a process chamber; a pipe is installed in inner upper and lower portions of the tube, respectively; and a treatment boat is placed in the tube, wherein the treatment boat includes a pair of first shield plates that shields entire side surfaces of a plurality of semiconductor wafers mounted on the treatment boat in parallel to each other; the heat treatment method comprising: heating the tube while supplying source gas into the tube, thereby performing heat treatment to the semiconductor wafers mounted on the treatment boat; mounting the semiconductor wafers upright in parallel to each other on the treatment boat; inserting the treatment boat into a space between the pipes in the tube to be oriented to plane surfaces of the semiconductor wafers in parallel to an extending direction of the tube; and alternately flowing in and out the source gas through openings of the pipes located above and below the treatment boat and heating the tube. 9. The heat treatment method of semiconductor wafers according to claim 8, wherein the first shield plates having upper ends 2 millimeters or more higher than upper ends of the semiconductor wafers mounted on the treatment boat and having lower ends 2 millimeters or more lower than lower ends of the semiconductor wafers shield the entire side surfaces of the semiconductor wafers. 10. The heat treatment method of semiconductor wafers according to claim 8, wherein the treatment boat further including second plates parallel to the semiconductor wafers is used to shield around the semiconductor wafers. 11. The heat treatment method of semiconductor wafers according to claim 8, wherein the first shield plates have protruding configurations that block spaces between semiconductor wafers on sides of the semiconductor wafers. 12. A manufacturing method of a solar battery, wherein heat diffusion treatment is performed by the heat treatment method of semiconductor wafers according to claim 8 while using gas including a dopant as the source gas, thereby forming an impurity diffusion layer on a surface of each of the semiconductor wafers to form a p-n junction inside of each of the semiconductor wafers. 13. A heat treatment device comprising: a heat-resistant tube that extends in a horizontal direction and in which a gas pipe continuously supplying source gas is installed in an inner lower portion of the tube; a treatment boat on which a plurality of semiconductor wafers are mounted upright in parallel to each other and that is placed in a space above the gas pipe in the tube; and a heater that heats the tube from outside, the heat treatment device performing heat treatment to the semiconductor wafers mounted on the treatment boat by using the tube as a process chamber, wherein a pair of first shield plates that shields entire side surfaces of the semiconductor wafers are included, and the treatment boat is placed in the tube to be oriented to plane surfaces of the semiconductor wafers in parallel to an extending direction of the tube. 14. The heat treatment device according to claim 13, wherein upper ends of the first shield plates are 2 millimeters or more higher than upper ends of the semiconductor wafers mounted on the treatment boat and lower ends of the first shield plates are 2 millimeters or more lower than lower ends of the semiconductor wafers mounted on the treatment boat. 15. The heat treatment device according to claim 13, wherein second shield plates parallel to the semiconductor wafers are further included to shield around the semiconductor wafers. 