According to one embodiment, a medical device may include an energy supply. The energy supply may include a lithium-ion polymer battery including at least two battery stacks and a control unit. One of the at least two battery stacks may be a backup energy source. The control unit may monitor and control the energy supply such that when the control unit detects a fault in the at least two battery stacks, the control unit disconnects a faulty battery stack. The energy supply may be rechargeable. Each of the at least two battery stacks may include a positive potential terminal, a negative potential terminal and one or more battery cell.
Claims 1. A method of monitoring and controlling an energy supply of a medical device, the energy supply comprising a battery comprising at least two battery stacks, wherein one of the at least two battery stacks is a backup energy source, said method comprising providing the medical device with a control unit which monitors and controls the energy supply such that when the control unit detects a fault in the at least two battery stacks, the control unit disconnects a faulty battery stack of the at least two battery stacks and uses the backup energy source, and with a reservoir for a fluid, the reservoir comprising a capacity, wherein the capacity of the reservoir and remaining running time of the energy supply are synchronized such that change or refill of the reservoir is required at the same time as change or recharge of the energy supply. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein providing the medical device further comprises providing the medical device with each of the at least two battery stacks with a cover. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein providing the medical device further comprises providing the medical device with the at least two battery stacks disposed in one common cover. 4. The method of claim 1 wherein providing the medical device further comprises providing the medical device with the at least two battery stacks separated by a sealing sheet. 5. The method of claim 1 wherein providing the medical device further comprises providing the medical device with the at least two battery stacks positioned side-by-side or on top of each other. 6. The method of claim 1 wherein providing the medical device further comprises providing the medical device with the at least two battery stacks accommodated in an energy supply housing. 7. The method of claim 1 further comprises replacing the energy supply. 8. The method of claim 1 further comprises measuring and evaluating an output voltage and/or current of each of the at least two battery stacks with the control unit. 9. The method of claim 1 wherein providing the medical device further comprises providing the medical device with a control subunit for each of the at least two battery stacks, such that each control subunit is associated with one of the at least two battery stacks and comprises the means for measuring and evaluating the output voltage and/or current of an associated battery stack and means for disconnecting the associated battery stack. 10. The method of claim 1 wherein providing the medical device further comprises providing the medical device with a protection circuit for protection of each of the at least two battery stacks from overcharge, over-voltage, under-voltage, or a combination thereof. 11. The method of claim 1 wherein providing the medical device further comprises providing the medical device with a fuel gauge unit for estimating the remaining running time of the energy supply. 12. The method of claim 1 wherein providing the medical device further comprises providing the medical device with the reservoir being carried by the energy supply. 13. The method of claim 1 wherein providing the medical device further comprises providing the medical device with a cavity in the energy supply for accommodating the reservoir, and accommodating in the cavity the reservoir. 14. The method of claim 1 wherein providing the medical device further comprises providing the medical device with a housing for the energy supply and enclosing or carrying the reservoir with the energy supply housing. 15. The method of claim 1 wherein providing the medical device further comprises providing the medical device with a housing, wherein at least a part of the housing of the medical device is formed an energy supply housing. 16. The method of claim 1 wherein providing the medical device further comprises providing the medical device with a rechargeable energy supply. 17. The method of claim 1 wherein providing the medical device further comprises providing the medical device with the battery being a lithium-ion polymer battery. 18. The method of claim 1 wherein providing the medical device further comprises providing the medical device with each of the at least two battery stacks comprise a positive potential terminal, a negative potential terminal and one or more battery cells. 19. The method of claim 1 further comprises providing a charging station for charging the energy supply, wherein the energy supply is rechargeable, and the charging station comprises an USB-plug, a line connector, a solar cell panel, a primary battery, a plug for a car cigarette lighter outlet, a connector for a mobile phone accumulator, a dynamo, or a combination thereof for supplying energy. 20. The method of claim 19 further comprises storing the energy supply in a storage slot of the charging station such that it maintains a desired charge. 