A real-time photovoltaic power plant control system and method of control for plant output, voltage regulation and/or power factor regulation. The system comprises a grid interface controller configured to receive power information from a power grid and provide commands for controlling at least one active or reactive power supplied to the power grid, a power plant controller configured to receive commands from the grid interface controller for and direct real-time output of the power plant, a plurality of local controllers connected to and controlled by the power plant controller, and a plurality of inverters each connected to supply power from at least one photovoltaic device to the power grid and arranged such that each local controller is connected to and controls at least one inverter, the inverters reporting status information in real-time back to the local controllers, and the local controller reporting status information in real-time back to the power plant controller.
Claims 1. A real-time photovoltaic power plant control system, comprising: a grid interface controller configured to receive power information from a power grid and provide commands for controlling at least one of active or reactive power supplied to the power grid; a power plant controller configured to receive commands from the grid interface controller and to direct, in real-time, active or reactive power output of the power plant; a plurality of local controllers connected to and controlled by the power plant controller; and a plurality of inverters each connected to supply power from at least one photovoltaic device to the power grid and arranged such that each local controller is connected to and controls at least one inverter, the inverters reporting status information in real-time back to the local controllers, and the local controller reporting status information, in real-time, back to the power plant controller. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the at least one inverter connected to one of the plurality of local controllers has different operating characteristics than at least one inverter connected to another one of the plurality of local controllers. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the grid interface controller is capable of monitoring power conditions at a connected power grid and determining a plant output target based on the power conditions monitored at the connected power grid. 4. The system of claim 3, wherein the grid interface controller determines the conditions from at least one of a point of intersection power meter providing point of intersection voltage and current. 5. The system of claim 3, wherein the grid interface controller is configured to receive commands from a communication device associated with the power grid. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the grid interface controller is capable of receiving a target power to be supplied to said grid, and commanding the power plant controller to meet that target. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the grid interface controller is capable of operating capacitor banks to supplement power output of the photovoltaic power plant at a connected power grid) 8. The system of claim 6, wherein the grid interface controller is capable of communicating the target power to the power plant controller which is capable of determining inverter output targets for the inverters connected to each local controller. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein the power plant controller is capable of distributing a target power command to the inverters connected to each local controller. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein the power plant controller is capable of starting and stopping one or more inverters connected to each local controller to achieve a target power. 11. The system of claim 1, wherein the power plant controller is capable of aggregating status information from inverters connected to each local controller and providing the aggregated status information to the grid interface controller. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein the status information obtained from each inverter comprises at least one of inverter status, active power output and reactive power output. 13. The system of claim 11, wherein the status information obtained from each inverter further comprises at least one of maximum available capacitive output and maximum available inductive output. 14. The system of claim 11, wherein the grid interface controller uses the aggregated status information to determine if the power plant is capable of meeting a target power requested by the power grid. 15. The system of claim 1, wherein at least one local controller is connected to and controls a plurality of inverters and each local controller is capable of accepting an inverter output target from the power plant controller and distributing it to an appropriate inverter. 16. The system of claim 1, further including a supervisory control and data acquisition system connected to the power plant controller for providing at least output level commands to the power plant controller. 17. The system of claim 1, wherein the plurality of local controllers and associated inverters are arranged in segments, and wherein the local controllers in each segment have connected inverters with similar operating characteristics. 18. The system of claim 17, wherein the power plant controller is capable of coordinating individual segment control to meet a desired target power output to the power grid. 19. The system of claim 17, wherein the power plant controller is capable of selecting a given segment to emphasize reactive power output to the connected power grid and another to emphasize active power output to the power grid. 20. The system of claim 16, wherein the power plant controller manages power output from segments based on weather, location or performance characteristics of connected inverters. 21. The system of claim 20, wherein segments containing inverters connected to photovoltaic devices having reduced power output due to weather conditions are managed by the power plant controller to emphasize reactive power output. 22. The system of claim 1, further including an object model stored in a memory of the power plant controller containing status information received from the inverters. 23. The system of claim 22, wherein the object model comprises one or more segment objects, each associated with one or more inverter objects and representing a collection of inverters sharing the same operational characteristics. 24. The system of claim 8, wherein each inverter output target includes an active power percent limit to set inverter output at a percent of rated output. 25. A method for real-time control of a photovoltaic power plant comprising: receiving a photovoltaic power plant power output target; computing segment power output targets for a plurality of connected segments each comprising a plurality of inverters having similar operating characteristics; and distributing the segment power output targets to respective segments. 26. The method of claim 25, wherein the inverters in at least one of the segments have different operating characteristics than the inverters in another of the segments. 27. The method of claim 25, further comprising determining power output targets for the segments independently but coordinating a total output of the power plant to meet the plant output target. 28. The method of claim 25, wherein one segment is controlled to emphasize active power output while another is controlled to emphasize reactive power output. 29. The method of claim 28, wherein the segment controlled to emphasize reactive power output is selected because panels connected to inverters associated with that segment have reduced power output due to weather conditions or because the total power losses are reduced. 30. The method of claim 25, wherein the power output target is communicated from a grid interface controller to a power plant controller, the power plant controller computing the segment power output targets. 31. The method of claim 30, wherein the power plant controller provides its present status to the grid interface controller including one or more of the power plant's active power percent limit, reactive power target, reactive power applied, maximum available capacitive VARs, maximum available inductive VARs; reported active status; and reported reactive status. 32. The method of claim 30, wherein the power output target comprises an active power percent limit and a reactive power target. 33. The method of claim 30, wherein the power plant controller computes inverter power output targets for each of the inverters in each segment based on a respective segment power output target. 34. The method of claim 33, wherein the inverter power output targets are communicated to the inverters through local controllers. 35. The method of claim 35, further including adjusting the power output of the inverters based on the inverter power output targets. 36. The method of claim 33, wherein the inverters in each segment report back status information to the power plant controller including one or more of the inverter's active power percent limit, reactive power target, reactive power output, active power output, run status, and inverter control mode status. 37. The method of claim 33, wherein the power plant controller issues control commands to the inverters directing the inverters to start, stop, or meet a desired target output. 