An arrangement for use in a concentrating photovoltaic system including a module having plurality of solar cells are mounted on a first side, and a plurality of lenses are mounted on a second side. Drive motors are coupled to the module to enable it to track the sun during the course of the day. A sun sensor is attached to the housing to detect a predetermined timed pattern of light blocking to the sensor and for generating a control signal to the drive motors in response to such detection for moving the module to a predetermined fixed position.
Claims 1. A solar array arrangement for use in a concentrating photovoltaic system comprising: a support; a housing mounted on the support and pivoted for tracking the sun during the course of the day; a plurality of solar cells mounted on a first side of the housing; a plurality of lenses mounted on a second side of the housing opposite the first side for concentrating and focusing the incoming sun beams onto respective solar cells; drive motors coupled to the housing for pivotably moving the housing to track the sun during the course of the day; a first sun sensor attached to the housing to provide a first control signal to the drive motors so that the motors position the module so that the plane of the lenses is substantially orthogonal to the incoming sun beams as the module tracks the sun during the course of the day; and a controller coupled to the first sun sensor for detecting a predetermined timed pattern of light blocking to the first sun sensor and for generating a control signal to the drive motors in response to such detection for moving the housing to a predetermined fixed position. 2. An arrangement as defined in claim 1, wherein the timed pattern of light blocking is comprised of at least two intervals lasting greater than two seconds and less than ten seconds. 3. An arrangement as defined in claim 1, further comprising a second sun sensor attached to the housing to provide a second control signal to the drive motors so that the motors position the module so that the plane of the lenses is substantially orthogonal to the incoming sun beams as the module tracks the sun during the course of the day, and wherein the controller is coupled to the second sun sensor for detecting a predetermined timed pattern of light blocking to the second sun sensor and for generating a control signal to the drive motors in response to the detection of the pattern of light blocking on both the first sun sensor and the second sun sensor for moving the housing to a predetermined fixed position. 4. An arrangement as defined in claim 3, wherein the timed pattern of light blocking on both the first sun sensor and the second sun sensor is comprised of at least two simultaneous intervals lasting greater than two seconds and less than ten seconds. 5. An arrangement as defined in claim 1, wherein the predetermined fixed position is the housing being positioned at one of the ends of the pivoting motion of the housing. 6. An arrangement as defined in claim 1, wherein the predetermined fixed position is the housing being positioned substantially parallel to the support surface. 7. An arrangement as defined in claim 1, wherein the solar cells are III-V compound semiconductor solar cells being substantially square in shape and having a side length of less than 6 mm, and are mounted on a ceramic substrate having a first metalized surface and an opposing second metalized surface, the first metalized surface, the solar cell having a conductive first bottom surface connected to a first one of the conductive regions of the ceramic substrate and an opposing second light-receiving surface having a conductive contact area connected to a second one of the conductive regions. 8. An arrangement as defined in claim 1, wherein the lenses are Fresnel lenses. 9. An arrangement as defined in claim 1, wherein the housing is a thermoplastic molded structure. 10. An arrangement as defined in claim 1, wherein the sun sensor is electrically coupled to the controller using a detachable six-pin connector and cable. 11. A solar array arrangement for use in a concentrating photovoltaic system comprising: a support; a housing mounted on the support and pivoted for tracking the sun during the course of the day; a plurality of solar cells mounted on a first side of the housing; a plurality of lenses mounted on a second side of the housing opposite the first side for concentrating and focusing the incoming sun beams onto respective solar cells; drive motors coupled to the housing for pivotably moving the housing to track the sun during the course of the day; a first sun sensor attached to the housing to provide a first control signal to the drive motors so that the motors position the module so that the plane of the lenses is substantially orthogonal to the incoming sun beams as the module tracks the sun during the course of the day; and a controller coupled to the first sun sensor for detecting a predetermined timed pattern of light blocking to the first sun sensor and for generating a control signal to communicate a status signal to a remote monitoring station. 