A fiber optic security system is provided. The fiber optic security system includes at least one length of fiber optic cable affixed to at least one item to be monitored using the fiber optic security system. The fiber optic security system also includes at least one local control node, the at least one local control node including at least one light source for generating and transmitting light through the at least one length of fiber optic cable, and the at least one local control node monitoring a status of the light. The fiber optic security system also includes a remote control unit for receiving information from the at least one local control node regarding the status of the light.
Claims 1. A fiber optic security system comprising: at least one length of fiber optic cable affixed to at least one item to be monitored using the fiber optic security system; at least one local control node, the at least one local control node including at least one light source for generating and transmitting light through the at least one length of fiber optic cable, the at least one local control node monitoring a status of the light; and a remote control unit for receiving information regarding the status of the light from the at least one local control node. 2. The fiber optic security system of claim 1 wherein the at least one length of fiber optic cable is affixed to the at least one item to be monitored in a manner such that the at least one item to be monitored cannot be separated from the at least one length of fiber optic cable without at least one of: (1) damaging the at least one item to be monitored, (2) damaging the local control node, (3) cutting of the at least one length of fiber optic cable, and (4) separating the at least one length of fiber optic cable from the local control node. 3. The fiber optic security system of claim 1 wherein the at least one light source includes at least one of a light emitting diode and a laser. 4. The fiber optic security system of claim 1 wherein the at least one light source is configured to generate the light as a series of light pulses. 5. The fiber optic security system of claim 1 wherein the at least one light source is configured to generate the light as a series of light pulses having a repetition rate of between 0.001 seconds and 10 seconds. 6. The fiber optic security system of claim 1 wherein the at least one local control node includes at least one light receiving unit for receiving the light and for converting the received light to an electrical signal. 7. The fiber optic security system of claim 6 wherein the at least one local control node includes a detection unit for analyzing the electrical signal to detect at least one of (1) continuity of each of the at least one length of fiber optic cable, and (2) connectivity between each of the at least one length of fiber optic cable and the at least one local control node. 8. The fiber optic security system of claim 7 wherein the at least one light receiving unit amplifies and filters the electrical signal prior to analysis of the electrical signal by the detection unit. 9. The fiber optic security system of claim 1 wherein the at least one local control node includes an electrical power source for supplying electrical power to the at least one local control node. 10. The fiber optic security system of claim 1 further comprising a monitoring station for communicating with the remote control unit, the remote control unit communicating alarm conditions to the monitoring station. 11. The fiber optic security system of claim 10 wherein the monitoring station is a facility monitoring system. 12. The fiber optic security system of claim 10 wherein the alarm conditions communicating to the monitoring station include at least one of: (1) damage to the at least one length of fiber optic cable; (2) disconnection between the at least one length of fiber optic cable and the at least one local control node; (3) damage or tampering with the at least one local control node; (4) unintended restart of the at least one local control node; (5) a characteristic of the light generated and transmitted through the at least one length of fiber optic cable differing from a predetermined range of the characteristic; and (6) interruption or loss of electrical power supplied to the at least one local control node. 13. The fiber optic security system of claim 1 further comprising a fastener for affixing the length of fiber optic cable to the at least one item to be monitored. 14. The fiber optic security system of claim 13 wherein the fastener includes a clevis pin configured to be inserted into an aperture defined by the at least one item to be monitored, wherein the length of fiber optic cable is configured to pass through a hole in the clevis pin. 15. The fiber optic security system of claim 14 wherein the aperture defined by the item to be monitored is an aperture of a mounting structure of the device to be monitored, the clevis pin including a head extending to a shaft, the hole in the clevis pin being defined by the shaft of the clevis pin, the head being positioned at a first side of the mounting structure, and the fiber optic cable passing through the hole at a second side of the mounting structure opposite the first side of the mounting structure, wherein an exposed length of the shaft (1) between the head and the first side of the mounting structure, and (2) between the second side of the mounting structure and the hole, is less than 1 mm. 16. The fiber optic security system of claim 1 wherein the at least one item to be monitored includes a solar photovoltaic panel configured to convert light energy received by the solar photovoltaic panel into electrical energy. 17. The fiber optic security system of claim 1 wherein the at least one item to be monitored includes a cargo container configured to hold and secure goods during transit or storage. 18. The fiber optic security system of claim 1 wherein the at least one item to be monitored includes a camera. 19. The fiber optic security system of claim 1 wherein the at least one item to be monitored includes an access door to an enclosed area. 20. The fiber optic security system of claim 1 wherein the at least one local control node includes a local control node enclosure and an interlock configured to be activated upon unauthorized opening of the local control node enclosure. 21. The fiber optic security system of claim 20 wherein the at least one local control node determines an alarm condition upon activation of the interlock, the local control node configured to transmit the alarm condition to the remote control unit. 22. The fiber optic security system of claim 1 wherein the local control node determines at least one characteristic of the light generated and transmitted through the at least one length of fiber optic cable in order to determine if the at least one characteristic differs from a predetermined range of the at least one characteristic. 23. The fiber optic security system of claim 22 wherein the at least one characteristic of the light includes at least one of (a) an intensity of the light generated and transmitted through the at least one length of fiber optic cable, (b) a repetition rate of a pulsing of the light generated and transmitted through the at least one length of fiber optic cable, and (c) a duration of pulses of the light generated and transmitted through the at least one length of fiber optic cable. 24. The fiber optic security system of claim 1 wherein communication between the local control node and the remote control unit is provided by way of at least one of wireless communication and radio frequency communication. 25. A solar photovoltaic panel security system comprising: at least one length of fiber optic cable affixed to a portion of a solar photovoltaic panel; at least one local control node, the at least one local control node including at least one light source for generating and transmitting light through the at least one length of fiber optic cable, the at least one local control node monitoring a status of the light; and a remote control unit for receiving information regarding the status of the light from the at least one local control node. 26. The solar photovoltaic panel security system of claim 25 wherein the at least one light source is configured to generate the light as a series of light pulses having a repetition rate of between 0.001 seconds and 10 seconds. 27. The solar photovoltaic panel security system of claim 25 wherein the at least one local control node includes at least one light receiving unit for receiving the light and for converting the received light to an electrical signal, the at least one local control node includes a detection unit for analyzing the electrical signal to detect at least one of (1) continuity of each of the at least one length of fiber optic cable, and (2) connectivity between each of the at least one length of fiber optic cable and the at least one local control node. 28. The solar photovoltaic panel security system of claim 25 further comprising a fastener for affixing the at least one length of fiber optic cable to the portion of a solar photovoltaic panel. 29. The fiber optic security system of claim 28 wherein the portion of the solar photovoltaic panel includes a support frame for the solar photovoltaic panel, the fastener including a clevis pin configured to be inserted into an aperture defined by the support frame, wherein the at least one length of fiber optic cable is configured to pass through a hole in the clevis pin. 30. The solar photovoltaic panel security system of claim 25 wherein the local control node determines at least one characteristic of the light generated and transmitted through the at least one length of fiber optic cable in order to determine if the at least one characteristic differs from a predetermined range of the at least one characteristic. 31. The solar photovoltaic panel security system of claim 30 wherein the at least one characteristic of the light includes at least one of (a) an intensity of the light generated and transmitted through the at least one length of fiber optic cable, (b) a repetition rate of a pulsing of the light generated and transmitted through the at least one length of fiber optic cable, and (c) a duration of pulses of the light generated and transmitted through the at least one length of fiber optic cable. 32. A method of operating a fiber optic security system, the method comprising the steps of: (a) affixing at least one length of fiber optic cable to at least one item to be monitored using the fiber optic security system; (b) generating and transmitting light through the at least one length of fiber optic cable using at least one light source of at least one local control node of the fiber optic security system; (c) monitoring a status of the light generated and transmitted in step (b); and (d) transmitting information regarding the status of the light from the at least one local control node to a remote control unit of the fiber optic security system. 33. The method of claim 32 wherein step (b) includes generating and transmitting the light as a series of light pulses. 34. The method of claim 32 wherein step (b) includes generating and transmitting the light as a series of light pulses having a repetition rate of between 0.001 seconds and 10 seconds. 35. The method of claim 32 further comprising a step of (b1) receiving the light using a receiving unit of the at least one local control node, and converting the received light to an electrical signal. 36. The method of claim 35 wherein step (c) includes analyzing the electrical signal to detect at least one of (1) continuity of each of the at least one length of fiber optic cable, and (2) connectivity between each of the at least one length of fiber optic cable and the at least one local control node. 37. The method of claim 32 wherein step (a) includes affixing the at least one length of fiber optic cable to the at least one item to be monitored using a fastener. 38. The method of claim 32 wherein step (a) includes affixing the at least one length of fiber optic cable to the at least one item to be monitored using a clevis pin configured to be inserted into an aperture defined by the at least one item to be monitored, wherein the length of fiber optic cable is configured to pass through a hole in the clevis pin. 39. The method of claim 32 wherein step (c) includes determining at least one characteristic of the light generated and transmitted through the at least one length of fiber optic cable in order to determine if the at least one characteristic differs from a predetermined range of the at least one characteristic. 40. The method of claim 39 wherein the at least one characteristic of the light determined in step (c) includes at least one of (a) an intensity of the light generated and transmitted through the at least one length of fiber optic cable, (b) a repetition rate of a pulsing of the light generated and transmitted through the at least one length of fiber optic cable, and (c) a duration of pulses of the light generated and transmitted through the at least one length of fiber optic cable. 41. The method of claim 32 further comprising the step of (a1) establishing radio frequency communication between the local control node and the remote control unit. 42. The method of claim 41 further comprising the step of (e) transmitting an alarm from the remote control node to at least one of (1) a user of the fiber optic security system, and (2) a remote monitoring station of the fiber optic security system, upon the radio frequency communication between the local control node and the remote control unit being absent for a length of time greater than a predetermined time interval. 43. The method of claim 41 wherein the local control node transmits status messages to be received by the remote control unit at a first transmission rate until radio frequency communication between the local control node and the remote control unit has been established, and at a second transmission rate after radio frequency communication between the local control node and the remote control unit has been established, the first transmission rate being greater than the second transmission rate. 