A stacked voltage source inverter having separate DC sources is described herein. This inverter is applicable to low or medium voltage, low to medium power applications such as photovoltaic utility interface systems, battery storage application such as peak shaving with renewables, motor drive applications and for electric vehicle drive systems. The stacked inverter consists of at least one phase wherein each phase has a plurality of low voltage full bridge inverters equipped with an independent DC source. This inverter develops a near sinusoidal approximation voltage waveform with fast switching and small low pass AC output filter. A system controller controls operating parameters for each inverter. The inverter may have either single-phase or multi-phase embodiments connected in either wye or delta configurations.
Claims 1. A multiple direct current (DC) voltage source inverter to supply power to an alternating current (AC) power system, comprising: a plurality of full bridge inverters, each having a primary node and a secondary node, each of said full bridge inverters having positive and negative node, each of said full bridge inverters having a voltage supporting device electrically connected in a parallel relationship between said positive node and said negative node and a direct current (DC) source connected between the positive and negative nodes; at least one stacked inverter phase, each stacked inverter phase having a plurality of said full bridge inverters, each of said full bridge inverters in each stacked inverter phase interconnected in a series relationship with said secondary node of one of said full bridge inverters connected to said primary node of another full bridge inverter, said series interconnection defining a first full bridge inverter and a last full bridge inverter, each phase having an input node at said primary node of said first full bridge inverter and an output node at said secondary node of said last full bridge inverter; a local controller coupled to each full bridge inverter providing the control signals to each full bridge inverter to output an approximate nearly sinusoidal voltage waveform; and a system controller which communicating with each local controller; the system level controller generating a system control signal for configuration, activation, deactivation and operating mode selection of said local controller. 2. The multiple DC voltage source inverter of claim 1, comprising three stacked inverter phases. 3. The multiple DC voltage source inverter of claim 2, comprising three stacked phases connected in a wye (Y) connection. 4. The multiple DC voltage source inverter of claim 2, comprising three stacked phases connected in a delta (.DELTA.) connection. 5. The multiple DC voltage source inverter of claim 1, wherein each full bridge stage incorporates a switch to short its output, allowing the stacked phase with the remaining series connected full bridges to operate. 6. The multiple DC voltage source inverter of claim 1, wherein each full bridge inverter comprises a first switching pair and a second switching pair, each of said switching pairs having a plurality of switching means for controllably regulating electrical current flow, each of said switching means having a first end and a second end, said first switching pair having a plurality of switching means electrically connected at said first end at said positive node of said full bridge inverter, said second end of one of said switching means of said first switching pair electrically connected to said primary node, said second end of another of said switching means of said first switching pair electrically connected to said secondary node, said second switching pair having a plurality of switching means electrically connected at said second ends at said negative node of said full bridge inverter, said first end of one of said switching means of said second switching pair electrically connected to said primary node, said first end of another of said switching means of said second switching pair electrically connected to said secondary node. 7. The multiple DC voltage source inverter of claim 1, comprising a passive low pass filter connected between switching means and primary and secondary node. 8. The multiple DC voltage source inverter of claim 6, wherein a capacitor is connected between the primary and secondary node for synchronization of the nodes. 9. The multiple DC voltage source inverter of claim 6, wherein said switching pair comprises a gate turn-off device and an anti-parallel device connected in parallel and oppositely biased with respect to one another. 10. The multiple DC voltage source inverter of claim 9, wherein said gate turn-off device comprises a component selected from the group consisting of: a gate turn-off thyristor, an insulated gate bipolar transistor (IGBT), a metal-oxide-semiconductor field-effect transistor (MOSFET), a metal semiconductor field effect transistor (MESFET), a junction gate field-effect transistor (JFET), a MOSFET controlled thyristor, a bipolar junction transistor (BJT), a static induction transistor, a static induction thyristor and a MOSFET turn-off thyristor, a gallium nitride (GaN) transistor, a silicon carbide (SiC) transistor. 11. The multiple DC voltage source inverter of claim 9, wherein the antiparallel device is a diode. 12. The multiple DC voltage source inverter of claim 1, comprising a component connected between the positive and negative nodes of said bridge inverter, wherein the component is selected from the group consisting of: capacitors, batteries, fuel cells, photovoltaic cells and biomass cells. 13. The multiple DC voltage source inverter of claim 1, comprising a non-isolated switch mode voltage regulation circuit (such as a buck or boost converter) between the DC power source and the full bridge inverter. 14. The multiple DC voltage source inverter of claim 1, comprising a isolated switch mode voltage regulation circuit (such as a forward, push-pull or half bridge) between the DC power source and the full bridge inverter. 15. The multiple DC voltage source inverter of claim 1, comprising an active filter to decouple AC current modulation imposed on the DC voltage source when used with current limiting DC sources including photovoltaic cells. 16. The multiple DC voltage source inverter of claim 1, comprising a variable number of full bridges for configuration with variable grid voltages. 17. The multiple DC voltage source inverter of claim 1, wherein each stacked full bridge operates with different power. 18. The multiple DC voltage source inverter of claim 1, comprising a variable number of stacked full bridges for each phase. 19. The multiple DC voltage source inverter of claim 1, having a system controller incorporating two parallel switches selectively connecting each stacked inverter phase to the grid, where at least one of the parallel switches are connected in series with a current limiting device. 20. The multiple DC voltage source inverter of claim 1, wherein the system controller includes at least two parallel switches connected in series between a stacked inverter phase and the grid, each of said switches serving as disconnect means of the stacked inverter phase and the grid, where at least one of the switches being series connected to a current limiting device, where said switch provides a conduction path serving as a current limited phase reference signal from an alternating current (AC) line voltage for one or more local controllers during system initialization; the system controller calculates and communicates start-up voltage and operating voltage range to each basic inversion unit (BIU); the system controller determines and communicates control commands for activation and deactivation of each basic inversion unit (BIU). the system controller determines and communicates control commands for activation and deactivation of hole voltage source inverter. 21. A method for inverting a plurality of direct current (DC) voltage signals to approximate a sinusoidal voltage waveform, comprising: detecting grid AC voltage levels where a stacked phase will be connected to a grid network; calculating AC start up voltage for stacked full bridges; calculating power and generate a reference DC voltage; averaging said DC voltage levels; comparing said average DC voltage levels with a reference DC voltage; generating a first error signal from said comparison of said average with a reference DC current voltage; comparing an reference DC current with detected AC current levels; generating an reference signal from said first error signal; generating a second error signal from said comparison of said reference with said detected AC current levels; generating a phase modulation signal from said second error signal; detecting an AC line voltage having a period; generating a phase reference signal directly related to said period of said AC line voltage; generating a plurality of firing signals for a plurality of full bridge inverters using said phase reference signal and phase modulation signal; and providing a reference table for said modulation index. 