A light supporting system comprises a pole base and pole member. The pole member can be placed over the tubular member of the pole base. The adjustable mounting mechanism comprises a pivot bracket, an arcuate bracket, a pole mount, and a fastener. A photovoltaic array may be attached to the pivot bracket. The light supporting system and adjustable mounting mechanism can be used separately or in combination to form a system for a solar street lamp.
Claims 1. A pole support system comprising: a base for securing the system to a ground surface; a tubular member having a first end and a second end and with the second end being adapted for coupling to the base, wherein the tubular member has an exterior structure surface arranged in a repeating pattern of grooves and extending from the base; a pole member having an interior structure arranged in a repeating pattern of protrusions corresponding to and adapted for matingly engaging with the grooves of the exterior structure of the tubular member; the exterior structure and interior structure configured so that the pole member and the tubular member have a plurality of engaged positions, wherein the pole member extends vertically to present an overhead top mounting surface. 2. The pole support system of claim 1, wherein the exterior structure comprises at least four grooves. 3. The pole support system of claim 1, wherein the grooves comprise grooves of a first width and grooves of a second width. 4. The pole support system of claim 1, wherein the grooves are substantially evenly spaced apart circumferentially at a predetermined angle from one another. 5. The circumferentially system of claim 4, wherein the grooves are spaced apart by an angle of about ninety degrees or less. 6. The pole support system of claim 3, wherein the grooves of a first width are semi-circular. 7. The pole support system of claim 6, wherein the grooves have a first end and a second end. 8. The pole support system of claim 7, wherein the grooves of a first width are tapered from the first end to the second end. 9. The pole support system of claim 1, wherein the width of the groove is less than spacing between the grooves. 10. The pole support system of claim 1, wherein the repeating pattern of grooves comprises two sets of grooves with a first set forming rectangle grooves and a second set forming semi-circular grooves. 11. The pole support system of claim 10, wherein the first set and second set of grooves are in an alternating pattern of rectangle grooves and semi-circular grooves. 12. The pole support system of claim 1, wherein the pole member in a first position is at a predetermined angle of rotation, with respect to the tubular member, from a second position. 13. A solar lamp system comprising: a base for securing to a ground surface and supporting a vertically mounted pole member; a tubular member having a first end and second end with the second end adapted for coupling to the base, wherein the tubular member has an exterior surface arranged in a repeating pattern of grooves; a pole member having a first end and a second end; wherein the first end of the pole member has an interior structure arranged in a pattern of protrusions corresponding to and adapted for matingly engaging with the grooves of the exterior structure of the tubular member; the exterior structure and interior structure configured so that the first end of the pole member and the tubular member have a plurality of engaged positions; a pole mount coupled to the pole member; an arcuate bracket seated on the pole mount; a pivot bracket conically engaged with the arcuate bracket; and a fastener that projects through the pivot bracket, the arcuate bracket, and the pole mount and engages with the pole member. 14. The system for a solar street lamp of claim 13, further comprising at least one photovoltaic array attached to the pivot bracket. 15. The system for a solar street lamp of claim 13, wherein a pole top item attachment surface 39 of the pivot bracket is attached to a pivot bracket attachment surface of the photovoltaic array. 16. The system for a solar street lamp of claim 13, further comprising tilt angle markings and a tilt angle indicator. 17. The system for a solar street lamp of claim 13, further comprising a light fixture attached between the first end of the pole member and the second end of the pole member. 18. The system for a solar street lamp of claim 13, further comprising a battery box attached between the first end of the pole member and the second end of the pole member. 19. The system for a solar street lamp of claim 18, wherein the battery box has a battery and a controller disposed therein. 