System and method for mounting one or more photovoltaic modules includes one or more flexible rods, including a first end and a second end opposite the first end, each of the one or more flexible rods further including an inner core and a first jacket surrounding the inner core between the first end and the second end. The first end is configured to be attached to at least one photovoltaic module using one or more first adhesive materials. The second end is configured to be inserted into at least one hole of a modular rail and attached to at least the modular rail using one or more second adhesive materials. The one or more flexible rods are configured to allow at least a lateral movement in a first direction between the photovoltaic module and the modular rail and support at least the photovoltaic module in a second direction.
Claims 1. A system for mounting one or more photovoltaic modules, the system comprising: one or more flexible rods, each of the one or more flexible rods including a first end and a second end opposite the first end, each of the one or more flexible rods further including an inner core and a first jacket surrounding the inner core between the first end and the second end; wherein: the first end is configured to be attached to at least one photovoltaic module using one or more first adhesive materials; the second end is configured to be inserted into at least one hole of a modular rail and attached to at least the modular rail using one or more second adhesive materials; wherein the one or more flexible rods are configured to: allow at least a lateral movement in a first direction between the photovoltaic module and the modular rail; and support at least the photovoltaic module in a second direction. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein the first direction is substantially parallel to a face of the photovoltaic module and the second direction is substantially vertical. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein: the photovoltaic module includes a first glass panel; and the first end is further configured to be attached to at least the first glass panel using the one or more first adhesive materials. 4. The system of claim 3 wherein: the modular rail includes one or more concrete materials; and the second end is further configured to be attached to at least the one or more concrete materials using the one or more second adhesive materials. 5. The system of claim 1 wherein: the modular rail includes one or more concrete materials; and the second end is further configured to be attached to at least the one or more concrete materials using the one or more second adhesive materials. 6. The system of claim 1 wherein the inner core includes one or more fibers. 7. The system of claim 6 wherein the one or more fibers are substantially parallel. 8. The system of claim 6 wherein the one or more fibers are braided. 9. The system of claim 1 wherein the first jacket is braided. 10. The system of claim 1 wherein each of the one or more flexible rods further includes a second jacket surrounding the first jacket between the first end and the second end. 11. The system of claim 10 wherein the second jacket is cross-braided. 12. The system of claim 1 wherein the one or more first adhesive materials are flexible. 13. The system of claim 1 wherein the one or more second adhesive materials are rigid. 14. The system of claim 1 wherein an excess of the one or more second adhesive materials are displaced from the hole. 15. A method for mounting one or more photovoltaic modules, the method comprising: preparing one or more flexible rods, each of the one or more flexible rods including a first end and a second end opposite the first end, each of the one or more flexible rods further including an inner core and a first jacket surrounding the inner core between the first end and the second end; forming at least one hole in a modular rail; attaching the first end to at least one photovoltaic module using one or more first adhesive materials; placing one or more second adhesive materials in the at least one hole; inserting the second end into the at least one hole; allowing at least a lateral movement in a first direction between the photovoltaic module and the modular rail; and supporting at least the photovoltaic module in a second direction. 16. A system for mounting one or more photovoltaic modules, the system comprising: one or more foldable mounts, each of the one or more foldable mounts including a mounting flange, a rotatable joint, and a mounting post; wherein: the rotatable joint is attached to the mounting flange and the mounting post; the mounting flange is configured to be rotated relative to the mounting post using the rotatable joint; wherein: the mounting flange is configured to be attached to at least a photovoltaic module; and the mounting post is configured to be attached to at least one modular rail; wherein the one or more foldable mounts are configured to: allow at least a lateral movement in a first direction between the photovoltaic module and the modular rail; and support at least the photovoltaic module in a second direction. 17. The system of claim 16 wherein the first direction is substantially parallel to a face of the photovoltaic module and the second direction is substantially vertical. 18. The system of claim 16 wherein: the photovoltaic module includes a first glass panel; and the mounting flange is further configured to be attached to at least the first glass panel. 19. The system of claim 18 wherein: the modular rail includes one or more concrete materials; and the mounting post is further configured to be attached to at least the one or more concrete materials. 20. The system of claim 16 wherein: the modular rail includes one or more concrete materials; and the mounting post is further configured to be attached to at least the one or more concrete materials. 21. The system of claim 16 wherein the rotatable joint includes at least one selected from a group consisting of a hinge and a ball and socket joint. 22. The system of claim 16 wherein: the mounting post includes an insertable end distal to the rotatable joint, the insertable end being tapered; and the insertable end is configured to be inserted into at least the modular rail. 23. The system of claim 22 wherein the insertable end includes at least one selected from a group consisting of barbs and ribs. 24. The system of claim 16 wherein the mounting post is configured to be attached to at least the modular rail using one or more adhesive materials. 25. The system of claim 24 wherein the mounting post is further configured to be inserted into at least one hole of the modular rail. 26. The system of claim 25 wherein an excess of the one or more adhesive materials are displaced from the hole. 27. The system of claim 16 wherein the mounting flange is configured to be attached to at least the photovoltaic module using one or more adhesive materials. 28. The system of claim 16 wherein the mounting flange is configured to be attached to at least the photovoltaic module using one or more mechanical fasteners. 29. A method for mounting one or more photovoltaic modules, the method comprising: attaching one or more foldable mounts, each of the one or more foldable mounts including a mounting flange, a rotatable joint, and a mounting post, to at least a photovoltaic module using the mounting flange; rotating the mounting flange relative to the mounting post using the rotatable joint; attaching the mounting post to a modular rail; allowing at least a lateral movement in a first direction between the photovoltaic module and the modular rail; and supporting at least the photovoltaic module in a second direction. 30. A system for mounting one or more photovoltaic modules, the system comprising: one or more angled mounts, each of the one or more angled mounts including a mounting post with a mounting face, the mounting post extending in a first direction; wherein: the mounting face is not perpendicular to the first direction; the mounting face is configured to be attached to at least one photovoltaic module using one or more first adhesive materials; and the mounting post is configured to be attached to a modular rail; wherein the one or more angled mounts are configured to: allow at least a lateral movement in a second direction between the photovoltaic module and the modular rail; and support at least the photovoltaic module in the first direction. 31. The system of claim 30 wherein the second direction is substantially parallel to a face of the photovoltaic module and the first direction is substantially vertical. 32. The system of claim 30 wherein: the photovoltaic module includes a first glass panel; and the mounting face is further configured to be attached to at least the first glass panel using the one or more first adhesive materials. 33. The system of claim 32 wherein: the modular rail includes one or more concrete materials; and the mounting post is further configured to be attached to at least the one or more concrete materials. 34. The system of claim 30 wherein: the modular rail includes one or more concrete materials; and the mounting post is further configured to be attached to at least the one or more concrete materials. 35. The system of claim 30 wherein: the mounting post includes an insertable end distal to the rotatable joint, the insertable end being tapered; and the insertable end is configured to be inserted into at least the modular rail. 36. The system of claim 35 wherein the insertable end includes at least one selected from a group consisting of barbs and ribs. 37. The system of claim 30 wherein the mounting post is configured to be attached to at least the modular rail using one or more second adhesive materials. 38. The system of claim 37 wherein the mounting post is further configured to be inserted into at least one hole of at least the modular rail. 39. The system of claim 38 wherein an excess of the one or more second adhesive materials are displaced from the at least one hole. 40. A method for mounting one or more photovoltaic modules, the method comprising: providing one or more angled mounts, each of the one or more angled mounts including a mounting post with a mounting face, the mounting post extending in a first direction; attaching the mounting face to at least a photovoltaic module using one or more adhesive materials; attaching the mounting post to a modular rail; allowing at least a lateral movement in a second direction between the photovoltaic module and the modular rail; and supporting at least the photovoltaic module in the first direction. 41. A system for mounting one or more photovoltaic modules, the system comprising: one or more notched mounts, each of the one or more notched mounts including a mounting flange, a rotatable joint, and a mounting post; and one or more ribbed posts, each of the one or more ribbed posts including one or more ribs alternating with one or more grooves; wherein: the rotatable joint is attached to the mounting flange and the mounting post; the mounting flange is configured to be rotated relative to the mounting post using the rotatable joint; and the mounting flange includes a receiving notch, the receiving notch including an opening at a first end configured to receive at least one of the one or more grooves; wherein: each of the one or more ribbed posts is configured to be attached to at least one photovoltaic module using one or more first adhesive materials; and the mounting post is configured to be attached to at least one modular rail; wherein the one or more notched mounts and the one or more ribbed posts are configured to: allow at least a lateral movement in a first direction between the photovoltaic module and the modular rail; and support at least the photovoltaic module in a second direction. 42. The system of claim 41 wherein the first direction is substantially parallel to a face of the photovoltaic module and the second direction is substantially vertical. 43. The system of claim 41 wherein: the photovoltaic module includes a first glass panel; and the one or more ribbed posts are further configured to be attached to at least the first glass panel using the one or more first adhesive materials. 44. The system of claim 43 wherein: the modular rail includes one or more concrete materials; and the mounting post is further configured to be attached to at least the one or more concrete materials. 45. The system of claim 41 wherein: the modular rail includes one or more concrete materials; and the mounting post is further configured to be attached to at least the one or more concrete materials. 46. The system of claim 41 wherein: the mounting post includes an insertable end distal to the rotatable joint, the insertable end being tapered; and the insertable end is configured to be inserted into at least the modular rail. 47. The system of claim 46 wherein the insertable end includes at least one selected from a group consisting of barbs and ribs. 48. The system of claim 41 wherein the mounting post is configured to be attached to at least the modular rail using one or more second adhesive materials. 49. The system of claim 48 wherein the mounting post is further configured to be inserted into at least one hole of at least the modular rail. 50. The system of claim 49 wherein an excess of the one or more second adhesive materials are displaced from the at least hole. 51. The system of claim 41 wherein the receiving notch is flared. 52. The system of claim 41 wherein the receiving notch includes a neck, the neck being narrower than the opening. 53. The system of claim 41 wherein: the receiving notch further includes a post retaining end; and the post retaining end is configured to receive at least one of the one or more grooves. 54. A method for mounting one or more photovoltaic modules, the method comprising: attaching one or more ribbed posts, each of the one or more ribbed posts including one or more ribs alternating with one or more grooves, to at least a photovoltaic module using one or more first adhesive materials; providing one or more notched mounts, each of the one or more notched mounts including a mounting flange, a rotatable joint, and a mounting post; attaching the mounting post to at least the modular rail; rotating the mounting flange relative to the mounting post using the rotatable joint; inserting at least one of the one or more grooves into the receiving notch; allowing at least a lateral movement in a first direction between the photovoltaic module and the modular rail; and supporting at least the photovoltaic module in a second direction. 55. A system for mounting one or more photovoltaic modules, the system comprising: one or more flanged beams, each of the one or more flanged beams including a first flange and a second flange opposite the first flange; and one or more spacers including one or more slots respectively; wherein: the first flange is configured to be attached to at least one photovoltaic module; the second flange is configured to be inserted into the one or more slots; and the one or more spacers are configured to be attached to at least one modular rail using one or more first adhesive materials; wherein the one or more flanged beams and the one or more spacers are configured to: allow at least a lateral movement in a first direction between the photovoltaic module and the modular rail; and support at least the photovoltaic module in a second direction. 56. The system of claim 55 wherein the first direction is substantially parallel to a face of the photovoltaic module and the second direction is substantially vertical. 57. The system of claim 55 wherein: the photovoltaic module includes a first glass panel; and the flanged beams are further configured to be attached to at least the first glass panel. 58. The system of claim 57 wherein: the modular rail includes one or more concrete materials; and the one or more spacers are further configured to be attached to at least the one or more concrete materials using the one or more first adhesive materials. 59. The system of claim 55 wherein: the modular rail includes one or more concrete materials; and the one or more spacers are further configured to be attached to at least the one or more concrete materials using the one or more first adhesive materials. 60. The system of claim 55 wherein the one or more flanged beams are configured to stiffen the photovoltaic module. 61. The system of claim 55 wherein the second flange is configured to be attached to the one or more slots using one selected from a group consisting of one or more second adhesive materials and one or more mechanical fasteners. 62. The system of claim 55 wherein the first flange is configured to be attached to at least the photovoltaic module using one or more second adhesive materials. 63. A method for mounting one or more photovoltaic modules, the method comprising: providing one or more flanged beams, each of the one or more flanged beams including a first flange and a second flange opposite the first flange; attaching the first flange to at least a photovoltaic module; attaching one or more spacers, each including one or more slots respectively, to the modular rail using one or more adhesive materials; inserting the second flange into the one or more slots; allowing at least a lateral movement in a first direction between the photovoltaic module and the modular rail; and supporting at least the photovoltaic module in a second direction. 64. A system for mounting one or more photovoltaic modules, the system comprising: one or more flexible spacers, each of the one or more flexible spacers including a first surface and a second surface opposite the first surface; wherein: the first surface is configured to be attached to at least one glass panel of a photovoltaic module using one or more first adhesive materials; and the second surface is configured to be attached to at least one or more concrete materials of one modular rail using one or more second adhesive materials; wherein the one or more flexible spacers are configured to: allow at least a lateral movement in a first direction between the photovoltaic module and the modular rail; and support at least the photovoltaic module in a second direction; wherein each of the one or more flexible spacers includes one selected from a group consisting of polyvinyl chloride (PVC), chlorinated polyvinyl chloride (CPVC), polysulphone (PSU), polystyrene-butadiene-styrene (SBS), ethylene propylene diene monomer (EPDM), polyolefins, and elastomeric polymers. 65. A method for mounting one or more photovoltaic modules, the method comprising: forming a modular rail including one or more concrete materials; providing one or more flexible spacers, each of the one or more flexible spacers including a first surface and a second surface opposite the first surface, each of the one or more flexible spacers including one selected from a group consisting of polyvinyl chloride (PVC), chlorinated polyvinyl chloride (CPVC), polysulphone (PSU), polystyrene-butadiene-styrene (SBS), ethylene propylene diene monomer (EPDM), polyolefins, and elastomeric polymers; attaching the first surface to at least a glass panel using one or more first adhesive materials; attaching the second surface to at least the one or more concrete materials of the modular rail using one or more second adhesive materials; allowing at least a lateral movement in a first direction between the photovoltaic module and the modular rail; and supporting at least the photovoltaic module in a second direction. 