Systems and methods for coordinating selective activation of a multiplicity of emergency power generation equipment over a predetermined geographic area for distribution and/or storage to supply a microgrid of electrical power for a substantially similar geographic area.
Claims 1. A method for optimized power generation and management comprising the steps of: providing a microgrid distributed power generation system including at least one power generation equipment for generating electrical power located at predetermined, distributed locations for providing emergency back-up power supply for use at the locations of power generation; providing a Price Resource Management System (PRMS) connected to the at least one power generation equipment, the PRMS providing predictive modeling, and the PRMS further including: a monitoring device that tracks real time wholesale energy market price; a database for storing wholesale energy market price; an analyzing device for storing and analyzing wholesale market price data, and on a per power storage device basis, data indicative of the electricity remaining in that specific device; at least one server computer, located centrally or distributed over a network, the at least one server computer in network communication for monitoring and being responsive to the market price fluctuation analysis, and operable for generating event instructions to a controllable device for releasing electrical power to the power grid for distribution when the market price is at least at a predetermined threshold(s) at which point the power generated is directed to be released and sold to the power grid (note that the power may be generated directly for immediate distribution or for temporary storage before distribution); a device interface for facilitating and producing communication of power releasing instructions to at lease one controllable device on power storage device; at lease one controllable device associated with and preferably connected to the at least one power generator and/or electricity storage device, wherein each controllable device is operable for selectively enabling and disabling the flow of electric power from the electric storage to an electric microgrid, for distribution; and the at least one server computer automatically selectively activating the power generation equipment to produce electricity for distribution over the microgrid and/or for storage until later distribution via the microgrid. 2. The method of claim 1, further including the step of the at least one server computer automatically coordinating selective activation of a multiplicity of emergency power generation equipment over a predetermined geographic area for distribution and/or storage to supply a microgrid of electrical power using a PRMS-based optimization timing. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the method provides for the selective activation of the power generation equipment to occur at PRMS-based optimization timing based upon factors including when the market price is at least at a predetermined threshold, changes in energy pricing, peak demand for energy from the microgrid, and combinations thereof. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein the method provides for the selective activation of the power generation equipment on a regular basis at least once per day. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein the method provides for the selective activation of the power generation equipment on a regular basis at least once per week. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein the method provides for the selective activation of the power generation equipment on a regular basis at least once per month. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein the system further includes an automated remote controller for activating the at least one piece of equipment based upon instruction received by the controller from the remote server computer. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein the system further includes a remote server computer in networked communication with the at least one piece of equipment for monitoring the status of the equipment and for activating the equipment remotely. 9. A system for microgrid distributed power generation and management comprising: a multiplicity of power generation equipment located at predetermined, distributed locations for providing emergency back-up power supply for use in situs, without distribution of the electrical power beyond the locality where it is generated; and a Price Resource Management System (PRMS) connected to the at least one power generation equipment, further including: a monitoring device that tracks real time wholesale energy market price; a database for storing wholesale energy market price; an analyzing device for storing and analyzing wholesale market price data, and on a per power storage device basis, data indicative of the electricity remaining in that specific device; at least one server computer, located centrally or distributed over a network, the at least one server computer in network communication for monitoring and being responsive to the market price fluctuation analysis, and operable for generating event instructions to a controllable device for releasing electrical power to the power grid for distribution when the market price is at least at a predetermined threshold at which point the power generated is directed to be released and sold to the power grid (note that the power may be generated directly for immediate distribution or for temporary storage before distribution); a device interface for facilitating and producing communication of power releasing instructions to at lease one controllable device on power storage device; at lease one controllable device associated with and preferably connected to the at least one power generator and/or electricity storage device, wherein each controllable device is operable for selectively enabling and disabling the flow of electric power from the electric storage to an electric microgrid, for distribution thereby; and selectively activating the power generation equipment to produce electricity for distribution over the microgrid and/or for storage until later distribution via the microgrid; wherein the equipment is remotely, selectively, and automatically activatable, and constructed and configured in connection with an electrical power microgrid to produce electricity for distribution over the microgrid and/or for storage until later distribution over the microgrid. 10. The system of claim 9, further including more than one power generation equipment that is operable for coordinated, selective activation. 11. The system of claim 9, further including a multiplicity of emergency power generation equipment positioned apart over a predetermined geographic area for distribution and/or storage to supply a microgrid of electrical power. 12. The system of claim 9, wherein the at least one equipment is automatically selectively activatable at predetermined times based upon the PRMS-based model. 13. The system of claim 9, wherein the at least one equipment is selectively activatable during periods when the electrical grid experiences high demand for power supply. 14. The system of claim 9, wherein the at least one server computer includes a remote server computer that is operable in networked communication with the at least one piece of equipment for monitoring the status of the equipment and for activating the equipment remotely based upon triggers identified by the PRMS. 15. A system for power generation management comprising: a microgrid distributed power generation system constructed and configured for automatically managing electricity generation and releasing by a cell tower emergency power backup generator based on predictive modeling of real time wholesale energy market price, including at least one power generator, the at least one power generator including at least one electricity generator, wherein the at least one power generator is associated with a cell tower for the use of emergency backup during electricity blackout, constructed and configured to generate electricity for immediate supply through direct connection into a microgrid electrical distribution system and/or further includes at least one energy storage mechanism for providing temporary power storage for selectively discharging electricity into a microgrid. 16. The system of claim 15, wherein the at least one power generator is selected from the group consisting of solar arrays, natural gas generators, propane generators, diesel generators, and combinations thereof. 