A method for optimizing the parameter setting of at least one energy supply parameter of a field device power supply module. The field device power supply module is, in such case, connected exclusively to one field device. The connected field device is supplied with electrical energy by the field device power supply module. In the method, the system composed of field device and field device power supply module is operated and a parameter setting of at least one energy supply parameter varied. In such case, the operation of the field device is monitored. Parameter settings are ascertained, in the case of which a relatively low energy consumption of the field device and simultaneously a safe operation of the field device can be realized in the relevant operational phase.
Claims 1-15. (canceled) 16. A method for optimizing the parameter setting of at least one energy supply parameter of a field device power supply module, which is connected to exclusively one field device and includes an electrical energy source or is connected to such, wherein the field device power supply module supplies the one connected field device with electrical energy, and the at least one energy supply parameter concerns energy supply of the field device by the field device power supply module, the method comprises the steps of: operating the system composed of the field device and the field device power supply module in an operational phase of the field device; automated varying, according to predetermined rules, of a parameter setting of at least one energy supply parameter of the field device power supply module relevant for the operational phase and automated monitoring of the operation of the field device; and automated ascertaining of a parameter setting of the at least one varied energy supply parameter, in the case of which a relatively low energy consumption of the field device and simultaneously a safe operation of the field device in the relevant operational phase can be realized. 17. The method as claimed in claim 16, wherein: the field device power supply module is in the form of a wireless adapter, by which a wireless signal transmission is effected for the connected field device. 18. The method as claimed in claim 16, wherein: the field device power supply module includes at least one autarkic, electrical current source, especially a single-use battery, a rechargeable battery and/or a solar cell. 19. The method as claimed in claim 16, wherein: the field device power supply module is connected to a communication interface of the field device. 20. The method as claimed in claim 16, wherein: said steps of automated varying, automated monitoring and automated ascertaining are executed by the field device power supply module. 21. The method as claimed in claim 16, wherein: in said step of automated varying, in an operational phase of the field device, a parameter setting of an energy supply parameter in terms of a voltage, which is to be provided to the field device in the relevant operational phase of the field device power supply module, is varied and the operation of the field device is monitored. 22. The method as claimed in claim 16, wherein: in said step of automated monitoring, operation of the field device is monitored for the occurrence of one or more of the following malfunctions: a) occurrence of a device crash of the field device; b) occurrence of an electrical current decline of the electrical current value flowing through the field device below a predetermined limit value; and/or c) occurrence of a disturbance of communication between the field device and the field device power supply module. 23. The method as claimed in claim 16, wherein: the field device power supply module (WA; 4; 4') has one or more of the following energy supply parameters: a) a starting voltage, which is provided by the field device power supply module after turn-on of the field device for a starting time; b) a starting current, which gives the maximum electrical current requirement of the field device during the starting time; c) a starting time, during which the starting voltage is provided by the field device power supply module for the field device; d) an operating voltage, which is provided by the field device power supply module after expiration of the starting time for normal operation of the connected field device; and/or e) a setup time period, which is the time period from the end of the starting time up to the point in time, at which the field device delivers a valid measured value. 24. The method as claimed in claim 16, wherein: for ascertaining a parameter setting of an energy supply parameter in terms of a time period of an operational phase of the field device or a time period of a section of an operational phase of the field device, a sufficient energy supply of the field device is provided by the field device power supply module and the time period is measured, which the field device requires for passing through the operational phase, or the section of the operational phase. 25. The method as claimed in claim 24, wherein: for the case, in which the field device requires a higher voltage in a following operational phase, as parameter setting of the energy supply parameter, a predetermined offset is subtracted from the measured time period; and/or for the case, in which the field device requires a lower voltage in a following operational phase, as parameter setting of the energy supply parameter, a predetermined offset is added to the measured time period. 26. The method as claimed in claim 23, wherein: for ascertaining a parameter setting in terms of the starting voltage, steps are performed as follows: placing the system comprising field device and field device power supply module in operation with a predetermined parameter setting of the starting voltage and monitoring the operation of the field device as to whether it switches into normal operation; and increasing the parameter setting in terms of the starting voltage to a higher voltage value, when the field device does not switch into normal operation; or lowering the parameter setting in terms of the starting voltage to a lower voltage value, when the field device switches into normal operation; and renewed placing of the system comprising the field device and the field device power supply module in operation with the changed parameter setting of the starting voltage and monitoring, the operation of the field device as to whether it switches into normal operation. 27. The method as claimed in claim 23, wherein: for ascertaining a parameter setting of the operating voltage in said step of automated varying in the operational phase of the normal operation of the field device, the set operating voltage varied is and the operation of the field device is monitored. 28. The method as claimed in claim 23, wherein: for ascertaining a parameter setting of the starting electrical current, the system comprising field device and field device power supply module is placed in operation; and a sufficient voltage for the starting phase is provided by the field device power supply module and the maximum electrical current value used by the field device during the starting time is measured by the field device power supply module. 29. The method as claimed in claim 16, wherein: the ascertained parameter setting of the at least one energy supply parameter is adopted in the field device power supply module. 30. A field device power supply module, which has an electrical energy source, or is connectable to such, and which is embodied in such a manner, that it is connectable to exclusively one field device, that it can supply a connected field device with electrical energy, that it has energy supply parameters, which concern energy supply of a connected field device by the field device power supply module, and that it can perform the method comprising the steps of: a method for optimizing the parameter setting of at least one energy supply parameter of a field device power supply module, which is connected to exclusively one field device and includes an electrical energy source or is connected to such, wherein the field device power supply module supplies the one connected field device with electrical energy, and the at least one energy supply parameter concerns energy supply of the field device by the field device power supply module, the method comprises the steps of: operating the system composed of the field device and the field device power supply module in an operational phase of the field device; automated varying, according to predetermined rules, of a parameter setting of at least one energy supply parameter of the field device power supply module relevant for the operational phase and automated monitoring of the operation of the field device; and automated ascertaining of a parameter setting of the at least one varied energy supply parameter, in the case of which a relatively low energy consumption of the field device and simultaneously a safe operation of the field device in the relevant operational phase can be realized. 