A junction box includes a cable connecting box and a cover covering the cable connecting box. The cable connecting box includes an insulative block, a plurality of contacting foils retained in the insultative block and a plurality of diodes. Each diode connects with two neighborly contacting foils. The contacting foils are insert-molded with the insulative block. Based on thermal radiation properties of the plastic material is superior to that of the metal material, as the contacting foils transfer the heat to the insulative block, the insulative block would deliver the heat to the cable connecting box, then the heat would be delivered to the cover. Such that, the heat dissipates outside quickly from the junction box.
Claims 1. A junction box, comprising: an cable connecting box including a plastic insulative block, a plurality of metal contacting foils retained in the insulative block and a plurality of diodes connecting with two neighborly contacting foils; a cover covering the cable connecting box; and a plurality of cables electrically connecting with the cable connecting box; wherein the contacting foils are insert-molded in the insulative block, the insulative block defines a plurality of hollows to reserve deformation spaces to prevent a separation between the insulative block and the contacting foils after thermal expansion. 2. The junction box as claimed in claim 1, wherein the hollows extend through the insulative block along an up-to-down direction. 3. The junction box as claimed in claim 1, wherein the hollows are recessed along a direction perpendicular to the mating direction of the cables and divides the insulative block into several portions. 4. The junction box as claimed in claim 3, wherein the contacting foils comprise a plurality of connecting portions, a plurality of base portions extending from the connecting portions and insert molded in the insulative block. 5. The junction box as claimed in claim 4, wherein the base portions comprise a plurality of soldering portions exposed in the hollows, the diodes are soldered with the soldering portions. 6. The junction box as claimed in claim 5, wherein the contacting foils further comprise a plurality of contacting portions to connect with the photovoltaic module, the contacting portions extend from free ends of the base portions. 7. The junction box as claimed in claim 4, wherein the cable connecting box further comprises an insulative box, the insulative box defines a receiving cavity and a bottom wall located under the receiving cavity. 8. The junction box as claimed in claim 7, wherein the insulative box comprises four side walls extending upwardly from the bottom wall and surrounding around the receiving cavity, the four walls including a front wall near to the connecting portions, a rear wall neighboring to the contacting portions and two side walls connecting with the front wall and the rear wall, a plurality of positioning blocks are arranged in the side walls to position the insulative block in the receiving cavity. 9. The junction box as claimed in claim 8, wherein the front wall defines a plurality of mounting holes, from which the cable extend through to connect with the connecting portions, the bottom wall provides a wire mating portion for the photovoltaic module inserting and connecting with the junction box. 10. The junction box as claimed in claim 9, wherein the insulative block defines a pair of first escaping portions at a front edge thereof to receive the connecting portions of the contacting foils, a hook set forwardly between the two first escaping portions to abut against the front wall. 11. A junction box comprising: a cable connecting box including an insulative box and an insulative block retained to the insulative box, a plurality of contacting foils retained in the insulative block and a plurality of diodes connecting with two neighborly contacting foils; and a cover covering the cable connecting box; wherein the insulative block has a body portion and a plurality of hollows recessed thereof to divide the insulative block into a plurality of portions and to provide deformation spaces for the body portion. 12. The junction box as claimed in claim 12, wherein each contacting foil comprises a base portion, a connecting portions and a contacting portion connecting with two opposite ends of the base portion respectively, the base portion is insert-molded in the insulative block. 13. The junction box as claimed in claim 12, wherein the connecting portions and the contacting portions extend beyond the insulative block and are exposed into the air within the cable connecting box. 14. The junction box as claimed in claim 12, wherein the insulative box comprises a bottom wall and the insulative block is set over the bottom wall. 15. The junction box as claimed in claim 14, wherein four walls extend upwardly from the bottom wall to form a receiving cavity, a plurality of positioning blocks are set in the inner wall of the cavity to limit the insulative block. 16. A junction box comprising: a cable connecting box including a plastic insulative block defining a front region and a rear region along a front-to-back direction, said front region independently unitarily formed with a plurality of cavities to receive corresponding clamps therein, and said rear region including more than one pieces which individually extends along a transverse direction perpendicular to said front-to-back direction and spaced from one another in the front-to-back direction while being unified by a plurality of contacting foils each extending along the front-to-back direction and integrally formed with said more than one pieces under condition that each of said contacting foils further extends to the front region and mechanically and electrically connects to the corresponding clamp; wherein integration of the contacting foils and the rear region enhances heat dissipation, and said more than one pieces of the rear region provide the rear region with more deformability for tolerating heat expansion. 17. The junction box as claimed in claim 16, wherein every adjacent two contacting foils in the transverse direction are spaced from each other with a space into which a corresponding diode is received under condition that said space provides ventilation effect in a vertical direction perpendicular to both said front-to-back direction and said transverse direction. 