The present invention provides a structural object mount that supports a structural object, including: a cross-piece (14) for mounting a structural object; a strut (11) that is connected to the cross-piece (14) and supports the cross-piece (14); two arms (12, 13) whose respective one end portions are connected to the cross-piece (14); and an arm bracket (51) that couples another end portions of the two arms (12, 13) to each other; wherein a location of connection between the cross-piece (14) and the strut (11) is between locations of connection between the cross-piece (14) and the two arms (12, 13), and the arm bracket (51) is structured to surround the perimeter of the strut (11).
Claims 1. A structural object mount that supports a structural object, comprising: a cross-piece for mounting a structural object; a strut that is connected to the cross-piece and supports the cross-piece; two arms whose respective one end portions are connected to the cross-piece; and an arm bracket that couples another end portions of the two arms to each other, wherein the structural object mount has a structure in which a location of connection between the cross-piece and the strut is between locations of connection between the cross-piece and the two arms, and the arm bracket surrounds the perimeter of the strut. 2. A structural object mount that supports a structural object, comprising: a strut; and a triangular structural unit in which end portions of two arms are respectively connected to two locations of a cross-piece for mounting a structural object and another end portions of the arms are coupled to each other, wherein an opening portion that allows passage of the strut is formed between the other end portions of the arms, and the strut is passed through the opening portion, and an upper end portion of the strut is coupled to a location approximately midway between the two locations of the cross-piece. 3. The structural object mount according to claim 2, wherein a play is provided between the opening portion and the strut. 4. The structural object mount according to claim 2, wherein an inner face of the opening portion and an outer face of the strut are engaged with each other to prevent rotation of the triangular structural unit. 5. The structural object mount according to claim 2, wherein an arm bracket is provided that is interposed between the other end portions of the arms and connects the other end portions of the arms to each other, and the opening portion is formed in the arm bracket. 6. The structural object mount according to claim 1, wherein the arm bracket is fastened to a body portion of the strut. 7. The structural object mount according to claim 2, wherein the arm bracket is disposed so as to sandwich the strut, an inner face of the arm bracket serves as the opening portion, the arm bracket and each of the arms are connected by fastening, and the play between the opening portion and the strut is adjusted by changing the strength of the fastening. 8. The structural object mount according to claim 1, wherein an upper end portion of the strut is connected to the cross-piece at the center of the structural object mounted onto the cross-piece. 9. The structural object mount according to claim 1, wherein a vertically extending elongated hole is formed in an upper end portion of the strut, and the cross-piece is fastened through the elongated hole located at the upper end portion of the strut. 10. The structural object mount according to claim 1, wherein a horizontally extending elongated hole is formed in each of two locations of the cross-piece where the end portions of the arms are connected and a location approximately midway of the cross-piece where an upper end portion of the strut is coupled, and the end portions of the arms and the upper end portion of the strut are fastened or coupled through the elongated holes of the cross-piece. 11. The structural object mount according to claim 1, wherein the structural object is a solar cell module. 12. A method for installing the structural object mount according to claim 1, comprising the steps of: providing the strut in a protruding manner; connecting end portions of the arms to two locations of the cross-piece, and dividing the arm bracket so as to be connected to another end portions of the arms; placing the cross-piece on an upper end portion of the strut; and connecting, to the strut, the arm bracket connected to the other end portions of the arms to surround the perimeter of the strut by the arm bracket, and coupling the other end portions of the arms to each other with the arm bracket disposed therebetween. 13. A method for installing the structural object mount according to claim 2, comprising the steps of: providing the strut in a protruding manner; connecting end portions of the arms to two locations of the cross-piece and coupling another end portions of the arms to each other to form a triangular structural unit including the arms and the cross-piece; and passing the strut through an opening portion formed between the other end portions of the arms of the structural unit to connect the upper end portion of the strut to a location midway between the two locations of the cross-piece. 14. A method for installing the structural object mount according to claim 13, comprising: arranging a plurality of the struts and providing the struts on the ground in a protruding manner; loading a plurality of the structural units onto a truck; and, during a process in which the truck is caused to run, is stopped at the positions of the struts successively, and the structural units are unloaded from the truck, passing the strut through an opening portion formed between the end portions of the arms of the structural unit, moving the upper end portion of the strut to the cross-piece to connect the upper end portion of the strut to the cross-piece. 15. A solar photovoltaic system using the structural object mount according to claim 1, wherein a plurality of sets of structural object mounts each including the strut, the cross-piece, and the two arms are provided, and the cross-pieces of the structural object mounts are arranged side by side with an interval therebetween, assuming that the cross-pieces serve as vertical cross-pieces, a plurality of horizontal cross-pieces orthogonal to the vertical cross-pieces are arranged parallel on the vertical cross-pieces, and a plurality of solar cell modules are supported between the horizontal cross-pieces, spanning therebetween. 16. The structural object mount according to claim 5, wherein the arm bracket is fastened to a body portion of the strut. 17. The structural object mount according to claim 2, wherein an upper end portion of the strut is connected to the cross-piece at the center of the structural object mounted onto the cross-piece. 18. The structural object mount according to claim 2, wherein a vertically extending elongated hole is formed in an upper end portion of the strut, and the cross-piece is fastened through the elongated hole located at the upper end portion of the strut. 19. The structural object mount according to claim 2, wherein a horizontally extending elongated hole is formed in each of two locations of the cross-piece where the end portions of the arms are connected and a location approximately midway of the cross-piece where an upper end portion of the strut is coupled, and the end portions of the arms and the upper end portion of the strut are fastened or coupled through the elongated holes of the cross-piece. 20. The structural object mount according to claim 2, wherein the structural object is a solar cell module. 21. A solar photovoltaic system using the structural object mount according to claim 2, wherein a plurality of sets of structural object mounts each including the strut, the cross-piece, and the two arms are provided, and the cross-pieces of the structural object mounts are arranged side by side with an interval therebetween, assuming that the cross-pieces serve as vertical cross-pieces, a plurality of horizontal cross-pieces orthogonal to the vertical cross-pieces are arranged parallel on the vertical cross-pieces, and a plurality of solar cell modules are supported between the horizontal cross-pieces, spanning therebetween. 