A system and method are provided for enabling a PV inverter to be connected to a string of series connected PV modules without exposing the inverter to elevated voltage stresses. The input voltage to the inverter is gradually built up by sequentially switching in more series PV modules. This system and method are simple to implement in both centralized and distributed PV power plants and in either case, it significantly increases the utilization of the PV inverter. The input switching elements can be implemented using a wide variety of parts including electro-mechanical switches, semiconductor switches (IGBTs, MOSFETs . . . , etc.) as well as MEMS devices depending on the current level and target cost. A mix of switches can also be used to assist in minimizing impedance of the final switching stage that remains connected during normal operation.
Claims 1. An apparatus comprising: a plurality of photovoltaic (PV) module stages, each PV module stage comprising an output, each PV module stage comprising a plurality of PV modules connected together in series, the plurality of PV module stages connected together to form at least one string of series connected PV module stages; a sequentially operating switching mechanism; and an inverter stage comprising an input, wherein the switching mechanism sequentially couples a plurality of PV module stage outputs to the inverter stage input. 2. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising one or more capacitors connected directly to the inverter stage input. 3. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein each PV module stage further comprises one or more corresponding capacitors connected directly to its output, and further wherein the switching mechanism sequentially couples a plurality of PV module output capacitors to the inverter stage in synchronization with corresponding PV module stages. 4. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the inverter stage comprises: a PV string level dc-dc converter; and a central inverter driven in response to the string level dc-dc converter. 5. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the inverter stage comprises a multi-string PV inverter. 6. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the inverter stage comprises a PV string inverter. 7. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the switching mechanism comprises one or more electro-mechanical switches. 8. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the switching mechanism comprises one or more electronic switches selected from gate turn-off thyristor switches, insulated gate bipolar transistor switches, MOSFET switches, and micro-electro mechanical switches. 9. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the switching mechanism comprises a three-way switch. 10. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the switching mechanism comprises a plurality of parallel connected switches. 11. The apparatus according to claim 10, wherein the plurality of switches comprise electronic switches, electro-mechanical switches, or a combination thereof. 12. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the strings of PV module stages are connected together in parallel when the plurality of PV module stages connected together form more than one string of series connected PV module stages. 13. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the switching mechanism is integrated within the inverter stage or a corresponding dc-dc converter stage. 14. A method of connecting photovoltaic (PV) modules to an inverter, the method comprising: providing a plurality of photovoltaic (PV) module stages, each PV module stage comprising a plurality of PV modules connected together in series, the plurality of PV module stages connected together to form at least one string of series connected PV module stages; connecting an inverter to a power grid and charging a corresponding dc-link voltage to a predetermined value to establish a power grid current; connecting one or more first PV module stages selected from the plurality of PV module stages directly to the inverter and regulating the output voltage of the directly connected first PV module stages to a maximum power point level; connecting one or more additional PV module stages selected from the plurality of PV module stages directly to the inverter while the first PV module stages are directly connected to the inverter; removing the direct connection of the first PV module stages to the inverter subsequent to connecting the one or more additional PV module stages to the inverter, such that both the first PV module stages and the one or more additional PV module stages are connected in series to the inverter via the one or more additional PV module stages, and regulating the combined output voltage of the connected first PV module stages and the one or more additional PV module stages to the maximum power point level. 15. The method according to claim 14, further comprising short circuiting one or more selected sections of at least one PV string to regulate power flow, improve control stability during transient or fault conditions, or both regulate power flow and improve control stability during transient or fault conditions. 16. A method of connecting photovoltaic (PV) modules to an inverter, the method comprising: providing a plurality of photovoltaic (PV) module stages, each PV module stage comprising a plurality of PV modules connected together in series, the plurality of PV module stages connected together to form at least one string of series connected PV module stages; connecting an inverter to a power grid and charging a corresponding dc-link voltage to a predetermined value to establish a power grid current; connecting one or more first PV module stages selected from the plurality of PV module stages directly to the inverter and regulating the output voltage of the directly connected first PV module stages to a maximum power point level; disconnecting the one or more first PV module stages from the inverter; connecting one or more additional PV module stages selected from the plurality of PV module stages directly to the inverter subsequent to disconnecting the one or more first PV module stages from the inverter such that both the one or more first PV module stages and the one or more additional PV module stages are connected in series to the inverter via the one or more additional PV module stages, and regulating the combined output voltage of the connected one or more first PV module stages and the one or more additional PV module stages to the maximum power point level. 17. The method according to claim 16, further comprising switching out one or more selected sections of at least one PV string to regulate power flow, improve control stability during transient or fault conditions, or both regulate power flow and improve control stability during transient or fault conditions. 18. A method of connecting photovoltaic (PV) modules to an inverter or dc-dc converter, the method comprising: providing a plurality of photovoltaic (PV) module stages, each PV module stage comprising a plurality of PV modules connected together in series, the plurality of PV module stages connected together to form at least one string of series connected PV module stages; connecting an inverter or dc-dc converter to a power grid and charging a corresponding dc-link voltage to a predetermined value to establish a power grid current; short circuiting the output of all but one PV module stage within a string of series connected module stages such that only the output of the single PV module stage without a shorted output is connected directly to the inverter or dc-dc converter and regulating the output voltage of the directly connected PV module stage to a maximum power point level; removing in succession, the short circuit across the output of each PV module stage within the string of series connected module stages having a short circuited output; and connecting in succession, the outputs of the PV module stages without shorted outputs together in series as the PV module stages without shorted outputs become available; connecting to the inverter or dc-dc converter in succession, the output of the series connected PV module stages without shorted outputs as they become available; and regulating in succession, the combined output voltage of the series connected PV module stages without shorted outputs to the maximum power point level as they become available. 