Devices, systems, and methods for responding to emergency situations of infants, children and pets left unattended in a vehicle. The device comprises a control module for short range RF transmission housed in a lightweight, portable unit plugged into a vehicle accessory power outlet. The system may additionally comprise sensors in communication with the module to detect and trigger alarms, including: when a vehicle has been in a collision; whether a child has climbed out of a car seat while the vehicle is in motion; when the temperature within the vehicle is unsafe; whether an infant has been left unattended in a vehicle; and whether children are playing in a parked vehicle (e.g. trunk) in unsafe temperatures. The portable device may also be configured with an "SOS" button housed within a key fob, wristband, or necklace, to transmit GPS coordinates of the wearer in emergency situations (such as kidnappings).
Claims 1. A portable mini-EMS.TM. device for use in wirelessly contacting emergency responders, comprising: a) a microphone for two way communication between Users of said device and said responders; b) a global positioning system (GPS), a global system for mobile communications supporting four radio frequency bands (GSM-Quad 4), and general packet radio service (GPRS); c) a rechargeable battery with the ability to provide about 96 hours of continuous power to said device; d) a solar panel to continuously recharge said battery; and, e) a means to activate said device to wirelessly transmit SMS/MMS messages comprising the User's global positioning system (GPS) coordinates and live audio feed of User's situation to said emergency responders. 2. The device of claim 1, further comprising a camera wherein said activation means further comprises automatically transmitting photographs of User's situation to said responders. 3. The device of claim 1, wherein said global position system (GPS) lacks the ability to store User's history of movement within computer memory or to remotely activate said device by non-User entities. 4. The device of claim 3, wherein said device further comprises a means to repeatedly transmit SMS/MMS messages to said emergency responders until said system is deactivated by the User or by said emergency responders. 5. The device of claim 4, wherein said device is deactivated when: 1) the User calls the GPS tracker and enters their PIN; or 2) said responders call the User's mobile communications device and the User correctly states their password. 6. The device of claim 1, further comprises power components wherein said battery is rechargeable via a solar panel within said device, via a USB port, and via a power accessory outlet. 7. The device of claim 1, wherein said device comprises dimensions about 9 millimeters by 35 millimeters by 64 millimeters, and configured as a wristband, a key fob, or a necklace. 8. A portable personal emergency responder (PEM.TM.) system for use in wirelessly contacting emergency responders, comprising: a) a voice system comprising a speaker and a microphone to transmit automated audio alert messages to Users from said system, and two way conversations between Users and said responders; b) a movement sensor with the ability to detect vehicle inertia; c) a motion sensor to detect movement of occupants within a vehicle; d) a MEMS accelerometer to detect if the vehicle is involved in a collision; e) a Temperature Sensor to detect temperatures with a vehicle; a microcontroller or microprocessor device; g) a Global System for Mobile Communication Subscriber Identity Mobile (GSM SIMS) card reader; h) a global positioning system (GPS), a global system for mobile communications supporting four radio frequency bands (GSM-Quad 4), and general packet radio service (GPRS); i) a sensor to indicate change in power source and means to detect the type of power source in current use of said system; j) a means to activate said system to wirelessly transmit SMS/MMS messages comprising the User's global positioning system (GPS) coordinates and live audio feed of User's situation to said emergency responders; and, k) a rechargeable battery with the ability to provide about 96 hours of continuous power to said device, and the means to recharge said battery via USB port and via a power accessory outlet. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein the ability to store User's history of movement within computer memory or to remotely activate said device by non-User entities. 10. The system of claim 8, wherein said device comprises a head unit housing said communications and monitoring components separable from a base unit configured to plug into an accessory power outlet; and wherein said head unit will activate alarms and transmit SMS messages with the User's GPS coordinates to responders if detached from the base unit after said device is armed. 11. The system of claim 8, wherein said device is deactivated when: 1) the User calls the GPS tracker and enters their PIN; or 2) said responders call the User's mobile communications device and the User correctly states their password. 12. The system of claim 8, wherein said means comprises a computer program product comprising a machine-readable medium storing machine instructions that, when executed by a mobile communications device comprising one or more programmable processors, cause the mobile device to perform functions comprising transmitting wireless communications between said mobile device and said responders disclosing the User's GPS coordinates. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein said functions further comprise enabling said mobile device to auto-connect to an activated system when it comes within a range of about 4 meters the system is already activated (i.e. by the key fob) and if the Bluetooth is enabled on the mobile. 14. The system of claim 8, further comprising a sensor and short range radio frequency transmitter to detect the presence and movement of a child/infant in a safety car seat, wherein said transmitter is incorporated into the harness of said seat and detects the heartbeat of said child. 15. The system of claim 8, further comprising a pressure sensor and a short range radio frequency transmitter within the safety car seat to detect the presence and movement of a child/infant. 16. The system of claim 8, further comprising sensors to detect the entry of individuals into a parked vehicle above a designated atmospheric temperature, and automated means to roll up or down the vehicle windows; to flash automobile lights; to sound car horns; to send audio and text messages to the emergency responders; and to lock/unlock vehicle doors and trunk. 17. The system of claim 8, further comprising sensors and short range radio frequency transmitters to detect the presence of a pet within a vehicle; and the means to 1) send SMS messages to User when temperature exceeds safe level, and to 2) lower vehicle windows. 18. The system of claim 8, further comprising a key fob device comprising a short range very low power transmitter and power button wherein depressing said button arms said system. 19. The system of claim 18, wherein said system will trigger an audible alarm emitted from said key fob if the system is not disarmed when the key fob moves more than about 4 meters from said system. 20. A method of detecting and alerting that children and pets are left unattended in a parked vehicle, comprising: a) placing a child in a car seat and closing the seat's chest clip harness, wherein a RF signal is transmitted from the chest clip, and/or from a pressure pad beneath said child, to a control module plugged into the vehicle's accessory power outlet; b) arming said control module upon receipt of said RF transmission(s) at a distance less than about 2 meters from said car seat; c) transmitting RF signals from said control module by the key fob configured to receive RF signals or a mobile device configured with Bluetooth technology; d) detecting by said control module that said key fob or mobile device is beyond four meters of said module; e) transmitting an audible alarm to said key fob and mobile device; f) transmitting urgent SMS messages to designated emergency responders at repeated intervals; g) activating an RF signal to sound vehicle horn and flash headlights; h) wherein said alarms, SMS messages, horn and headlights cease upon said control module detecting said key fob or mobile device returning to within about 2 meters of said module. 21. The method of claim 20, further comprising transmitting an RF signal to lower vehicle windows upon detecting the temperature within the vehicle exceeds designated safe levels. 22. The method of claim 20, further comprising a method of detecting a child has climbed out of a car seat while a vehicle is in motion, comprising: a) transmitting an RF alarm signal to said control module from said chest clip when said clip is opened, and/or from said pressure pad upon detecting a drop in pressure; and b) emitting audible alarm and voice messages from said control module upon receipt of said RF alarm signal(s); c) wherein said alarm will cease upon the chest clip transmitting a RF signal indicating the clip is closed and/or the pressure pad transmitting a RF signal of increased pressure to said control module. 23. A method to prevent children playing in a parked vehicle comprising; a) arming an alarm system comprising a control module with temperature and RF motion sensors plugged into a vehicle accessory power outlet, wherein said system is armed when the vehicle has been parked for a pre-designated length of time and temperature; b) via signal transmission means locking vehicle doors to prevent children from climbing into the vehicle; c) via signal transmission means unlocking vehicle doors and trunk if motion is detected within said vehicle by said control module; and, d) transmitting a verbal alarm from said control module to vehicle occupants to exit the vehicle. 