The invention provides an insect trap including a housing having located therein a gas bottle or container, one or more modulators having a viscous medium to produce a pulsed flow of gas and a capillary tube interconnecting the gas bottle or container and a respective modulator; a conduit assembly interconnecting a modulator at one end and connectable to a gas bottle or container at another end; an attachment body for attachment to a gas bottle or container; and a method of producing a pulsed flow of gas from a container or source of said gas.
Claims 1. An insect trap including a housing having located therein: (i) a gas bottle or container (ii) one or more modulators having a viscous medium to produce a pulsed flow of gas (iii) a capillary tube interconnecting the gas bottle or container and a respective modulator wherein said capillary tube has a restricted zone to decrease the flow of gas therethrough whereby the pulsed flow of gas is caused to flow out of the housing at a greatly reduced rate compared to a flow rate that would be produced if the restricted zone was absent; and (iv) a support body in fluid communication with a gas bottle or container which has an internal passage for retaining the capillary tube wherein the capillary tube has a pair of ends which are each attached to an adjacent end of the internal passage and there is also provided a transverse passage oriented normally to the internal passage and said restricted zone is formed by a pair of screw threaded pressurizing devices each located in the transverse passage which each contact the capillary tube on opposed sides or locations thereof. 2. The insect trap as claimed in claim 1 wherein the viscous medium has one or more attractable lures for insects. 3. The insect trap as clamed in claim 1 wherein the housing has a central cavity or space for location of the gas bottle or container. 4. The insect trap as claimed in any one of claim 1 wherein a single modulator is contained within the housing. 5. The insect trap as claimed in any one of claim 2 wherein a plurality of modulators are used wherein each modulator contains an attractant specific to a particular winged insect. 6. The insect trap as claimed in any one of claim 1 wherein the housing contains an insect immobilization device or entrapment container releasably mounted therein. 7. An The insect trap as claimed in claim 6 wherein the immobilization device has capture medium located in a mounting frame which is releasably mounted to an interior of the housing. 8. The insect trap as claimed in any one of claim 1 wherein the housing has one or more grilles having air slots for entry of insects into the housing. 9. The insect trap as claimed in claim 8 wherein said housing has a pair of said grilles located in a front wall and a rear wall of the housing. 10. The insect trap as claimed in any one of claim 1 wherein the housing is formed from predominantly transparent or translucent material whereby light from inside the housing may be refracted as it passes through the housing. 11. The insect trap as claimed in claim 10 wherein the housing has a top wall, bottom wall and a continuous side wall all formed from said transparent or translucent material. 12. The insect trap as claimed in claim 10 wherein the housing has a light assembly located within the housing. 13. The insect trap as claimed in claim 12 wherein the light assembly includes a solar panel and a LED unit wherein the LED unit is powered by the solar panel. 14. The insect trap as claimed in any one of claim 1 wherein the restricted zone is formed by crimping or twisting the capillary tube. 15. The insect trap as claimed in any one of claim 1 wherein the restricted zone has a diameter of from 0.005 to 0.2 mm compared an unrestricted part of the capillary tube having a diameter of 0.025 to 1.25 mm. 16. The insect trap as claimed in any one of claim 1 wherein the restricted zone is adjustable in regard to diameter or lateral dimension. 17. The insect trap as claimed in claim 16 wherein said restricted zone is formed temporarily within said capillary tube by use of one or more screw threaded pressurising devices which upon contact with the capillary tube will produce the restricted zone which is adjustable but upon withdrawal of the pressurising devices the restricted zone will no longer be present. 18. (canceled) 19. (canceled) 20. (canceled) 21. (canceled) 22. (canceled) 23. A conduit assembly connectable to a modulator at one end and connectable to a gas bottle or container at another end, said conduit assembly having (i) a connector body fittable to the modulator for discharge of gas such as carbon dioxide into a hollow Interior of the modulator, and (ii) a support body in fluid communication with the gas bottle or container having a capillary tube which incorporates a restricted zone for reducing the flow rate of the gas, said support body having an internal passage for retaining the capillary tube wherein the capillary tube has a pair of ends which are each attached to an adjacent end of the internal passage and there is also provided a transverse passage oriented normally to the internal passage and said restricted zone is formed by a pair of screw threaded pressurizing devices each located in the transverse passage which each contact the capillary tube on opposed sides or locations thereof. 24. A support body in use being in fluid communication with a gas bottle or container having a longitudinal bore or internal passage and a capillary tube located in said longitudinal bore or internal passage and a passage located transverse to the longitudinal bore or internal passage containing a pair of screw threaded pressurizing devices for pressurizing the capillary tube for forming a restricted zone wherein the capillary tube has a pair of ends which are each attached to an adjacent end of the longitudinal bore or internal passage and said restricted zone is formed by each pressurizing device contacting the capillary tube on opposed sides or locations thereof. 25. A method of producing a pulsed flow of gas from a container or source of said gas which includes the steps of: (i) reducing the flow rate of the gas by passing the gas through a support body as claimed in claim 19; and (ii) passing said gas through one or more modulators containing a viscous medium to produce a pulsed flow of gas. 26. A method of controlling flow of carbon dioxide from a container of carbon dioxide which includes the steps of: (i) attaching a manifold assembly containing a support body as claimed in claim 19 to an outlet of the container. (ii) causing carbon dioxide to pass through the manifold assembly at a reduced flow rate compared to the situation if the or each restricted zone was not present. 27. A method of controlling flow of carbon dioxide or other gas from a container of carbon dioxide or other gas wherein carbon dioxide or the other gas is passed through a capillary tube having a diameter of 0.005 to 0.2 mm wherein said capillary tube is mounted in an internal passage of a support body in fluid communication with the container; said capillary tube having a pair of ends each attached to an adjacent end of the internal passage characterized in that the said capillary tube has a restricted zone caused by a pair of screw threaded pressurizing devices which are each located in a transverse passage of the support body in communication with the internal passage whereby each pressurizing device contacts the capillary tube on opposed sides or locations thereof to form said restricted zone which has an internal diameter of 0.025 to 1.25 mm whereby gas flow through the restricted zone occurs at a minute rate of 5-39 g of gas per day. 