There is disclosed a receiver panel. In an embodiment, the panel is configured to receive a curtain of particles in a solar central receiver system. A porous structure of the panel has a top end and a bottom end. The porous structure is disposed between the top end and the bottom end. The porous structure has a size to impede movement of the particles during downward travel from the top end to the bottom end. There is disclosed a solar central receiver system. In an embodiment, the receiver system includes a plurality of receiver panels, a tower supporting the plurality of receiver panels in a configuration to receive solar irradiation, and a hopper forming a slot configured to dispose the particles at a given location on to the porous structure. Other embodiments are also disclosed.
Claims 1. A receiver panel, configured to receive a curtain of particles in a solar central receiver system, the panel comprising: a porous structure having a top end and a bottom end, the porous structure disposed between the top end and the bottom end, and the porous structure having a size to impede movement of the particles during downward travel from the top end to the bottom end. 2. The receiver panel of claim 1, wherein the size of the porous structure is configured to reduce a downward speed of the particles during travel from the top end to the bottom end. 3. The receiver panel of claim 1, further comprising ligaments forming the porous structure. 4. The receiver panel of claim 1, wherein the porous structure is configured to spread the curtain of particles in a direction transverse to a direction of downward travel from the top end to the bottom end. 5. The receiver panel of claim 1, further comprising a front face and a rear face, the front face configured to receive solar radiation into the porous structure so as to heat the curtain of particles during the downward travel from the top end to the bottom end, and the rear face having an insulation block to prevent heat loss away from the porous structure. 6. The receiver panel of claim 5, further comprising a back plate disposed between the porous structure and the insulation block, wherein the back plate is configured for selective attachment to a mounting structure. 7. The receiver panel of claim 1, wherein the porous structure has a depth in a direction transverse to a direction of downward travel of the particles, the direction of the depth of the porous structure extending between a front face and a rear face thereof, and the depth of the porous structure configured to contain dispersion of the particles trickling down from the top and to the bottom end. 8. The receiver panel of claim 7, wherein the porous structure is configured to flow the particles at a location within the depth of the porous block retarded from the front face so as to minimize reflectance of radiation by the particles. 9. The receiver panel of claim 1, wherein the porous structure comprises a porous foam block. 10. The receiver of claim 1, wherein the porous structure comprises mesh screens. 11. The receiver of claim 1, wherein mesh screens of the porous structure comprise metallic mesh screens. 12. A solar central receiver system, comprising: a plurality of receiver panels, an individual receiver panel configured to receive a curtain of particles, the panel comprising: a porous structure having a top end and a bottom end, the porous structure disposed between the top end and the bottom end, and the porous structure having a size to impede movement of the particles during downward travel from the top end to the bottom end; a tower having an upper portion and a lower portion, the upper portion supporting the plurality of receiver panels in a configuration to receive solar irradiation; and a hopper positioned at a height above the plurality of receiver panels, the hopper forming a slot configured to dispose the particles at a given location on to the porous structure. 13. The solar system of claim 12, wherein the size of the porous structure is configured to reduce a downward speed of the particles during travel from the top end to the bottom end. 14. The solar system of claim 12, further comprising ligaments forming the porous structure. 15. The solar system of claim 12, wherein the porous structure is configured to spread the curtain of particles in a direction transverse to a direction of downward travel from the top end to the bottom end. 16. The solar system of claim 12, further comprising a front face and a rear face, the front face configured to receive solar radiation into the porous structure so as to heat the curtain of particles during the downward travel from the top end to the bottom end, and the rear face having an insulation block to prevent heat loss away from the porous structure. 17. The solar system of claim 12, further comprising a back plate disposed between the porous structure and the insulation block, wherein the back plate is configured for selective attachment to a mounting structure. 18. The solar system of claim 12, wherein the porous structure has a depth in a direction transverse to a direction of downward travel of the particles, the direction of the depth of the porous structure extending between a front face and a rear face thereof, and the depth of the porous structure configured to contain dispersion of the particles trickling down from the top and to the bottom end. 19. The solar system of claim 12, wherein the porous structure is configured to flow the particles at a location within the depth of the porous block retarded from the front face so as to minimize reflectance of radiation by the particles. 20. The solar system of claim 12, wherein the porous structure comprises a porous foam block. 21. The solar system of claim 12, wherein the porous structure comprises mesh screens. 22. The solar system of claim 12, wherein mesh screens of the porous structure comprise metallic mesh screens. 23. The solar system of claim 12, wherein the plurality of receiver panels are arranged vertically in a staggered pattern to one another to provide an area of free fall between the panels vertically separated from one another. 24. The solar system of claim 12, wherein the plurality of receiver panels are arranged in a zig-zag arrangement with at least one panel arranged at an angle to a vertical direction and at least another panel arranged at another angle to the vertical direction, and the at least another panel arranged below the at least one panel. 25. The solar system of claim 12, wherein at least one of the plurality of receiver panels forms holes indented into a front face so as to allow the particles to absorb direct solar radiation without interference from the porous structure. 26. The solar system of claim 12, further comprising an inlet pipe and an outlet pipe disposed at the top end and the bottom end, respectively of the porous structure. 27. A pipe configured to receive particles in a solar central receiver system, the pipe comprising: an inlet portion having a first cross sectional opening, the inlet portion forming a passageway sized to transmit at least one of a fluid and a stream of solid particles; an outlet portion having a second cross sectional opening, the outlet portion forming a passageway sized to transmit the at least one of the fluid and the stream of solid particles; and a porous structure disposed between the inlet portion and the outlet portion, the porous structure having a size to impede movement of the at least one of the fluid and the stream of solid particles during downward travel from the inlet portion to the outlet portion. 27. A method of capturing solar energy with a solar central receiver system, the method comprising: releasing a curtain of particles into a cavity configured to receive solar irradiation; and increasing a resident time of the curtain of particles falling through the cavity with a porous structure impeding the fall of the particles. 28. The method of claim 27, wherein the step of releasing the curtain of particles includes releasing solid particles from at least one hopper through a long slender slot. 29. The method of claim 27, wherein the step of releasing the curtain of particles includes allowing the particles to flow by gravity. 30. The method of claim 27, wherein the step of increasing the resident time of the curtain of particles includes causing the solid particles to collide with ligaments in the porous structure so as to impede movement of the solid particles and reduce speed of the solid particles. 31. The method of claim 27, wherein the step of increasing the resident time of the curtain of particles includes spreading the curtain of particles from a narrow configuration in a direction transverse to a direction of travel to a widened configuration in the direction transverse to the direction of travel. 31. The method of claim 27, wherein the step of increasing the resident time of the curtain of particles includes transferring heat to the particles with solar radiation over a longer period of time. 32. The method of claim 27, wherein the stream of particles is a combination of a first set of particles and a second set of particles, the first set of particles including natural particles having a given solar absorptivity, and the second set of particles including artificially created particles having a solar absorptivity greater than the first set of particles. 33. The method of claim 32, wherein the higher absorptivity particles are captured and recirculated through the receiver. 