A method of controlling a liquid movement system, such as a pool system. The method includes receiving a maximum time that an auxiliary load is to operate, receiving a minimum pump speed of a pump system that pumps a liquid through the auxiliary load, monitoring the time that an auxiliary load has been in operation, monitoring the pump speed of a pump system that pumps a liquid through the auxiliary load, and deactivating the auxiliary load if the maximum time or minimum pump speed has been met. Also disclosed are a pool system and a controller for controlling the pool system.
Claims 1. A pool system for controlling an auxiliary load, the pool system comprising: a vessel to hold a fluid; an auxiliary load; a pump system coupled to the vessel and the auxiliary load, the pump system to pump the fluid through the auxiliary load, the pump system including a motor, and a fluid pump powered by the motor; and a controller, the controller controlling a pump speed of the pump system, and a power source to the auxiliary load. 2. A pool system as set forth in claim 1 wherein the controller includes an integrated timer for determining a time that the auxiliary load has been active. 3. A pool system as set forth in claim 1 wherein the controller includes a relay switch for activating or deactivating the auxiliary load. 4. A pool system as set forth in claim 1 wherein the controller includes a processor which receives an input from a user interface, executes a software program for analyzing the input, and generates one or more control signals to control the auxiliary load and the motor, the user interface including at least one of a display screen, one or more push buttons, or a control knob. 5. A pool system as set forth in claim 1 wherein the controller further controls the pump speed of the pump system based on an inputted normal pump schedule. 6. A pool system as set forth in claim 1 wherein the controller further controls the power source to the auxiliary load based on an inputted maximum time that the auxiliary load is to be activated. 7. A pool system as set forth in claim 1 wherein the controller further controls the power source to the auxiliary load based on an inputted minimum pump speed of the pump system pumping the fluid through the auxiliary load. 8. A pool system as set forth in claim 1 wherein the auxiliary load includes at least one of a pool heater, a saltwater chlorinator, a booster pump, a pool cleaner, a solar heater, or lights. 9. A pool system as set forth in claim 1 wherein the motor includes at least one of a variable-speed motor, a multi-speed motor, or a single-speed motor. 10. A control system for controlling a liquid movement system, the control system comprising: a controller electrically connected to a motor, the controller controlling a speed of the motor; the controller electrically connected to an auxiliary load, the controller controlling the activation of the auxiliary load based on an inputted maximum time that the auxiliary load is to be activated, and an inputted minimum speed of the motor that the auxiliary load is to be activated at. 11. A control system as set forth in claim 10 wherein the controller includes a processor to receive the inputted maximum time and the inputted minimum speed and generates one or more control signals to control the auxiliary load and the motor. 12. A control system as set forth in claim 10 wherein the controller includes a user interface to receive the inputted maximum time and the inputted minimum speed, the user interface includes at least one of a display screen, one or more push buttons, or a control knob. 13. A method of controlling a liquid movement system, the method comprising: receiving a maximum time requirement that an auxiliary load is to operate, receiving a minimum pump speed requirement of a pump system that pumps a liquid through the auxiliary load, monitoring the time that an auxiliary load has been in operation, monitoring the pump speed of a pump system that pumps a liquid through the auxiliary load, and deactivating the auxiliary load if the maximum time requirement or minimum pump speed requirement has been met. 14. A method as set forth in claim 13 wherein the method is performed by a controller containing a processor, memory, and a user interface, the user interface includes at least one of a display screen, one or more push buttons, or a control knob. 15. A method as set forth in claim 13 wherein the method is based on a repetitive time period. 16. A method as set forth in claim 13 wherein the act of receiving the maximum time that an auxiliary load is to operate is measured by a timer. 17. A method as set forth in claim 13 wherein the act of deactivating the auxiliary load is performed by a relay switch. 18. A method as set forth in claim 13 wherein the method uses an auxiliary load which includes at least one of a pool heater, a saltwater chlorinator, a booster pump, a pool cleaner, a solar heater, or lights. 19. A method as set forth in claim 13 wherein the method uses a pump system which includes at least one of a variable-speed motor, a multi-speed motor, or a single-speed motor. 