Methods are presented for improved detection of persistent or systematic defects induced during the manufacture of a product. In particular, the methods are directed to the detection of defects induced systematically in the manufacture of photovoltaic cells and modules. Images acquired from a number of samples are combined, enhancing the systematic defects and suppressing random features such as variations in material quality. Once a systematic defect is identified, steps can be taken to locate and rectify its cause.
Claims 1. A method for detecting systematic features in products being manufactured on a process line, said method comprising the steps of: (a) acquiring images of a plurality of said products, each image being of substantially the same area on each of said products; (b) combining said images to obtain a super-image; (c) processing said super-image to identify regions with strong signals; and (d) identifying said regions as being indicative of systematic features in said products. 2. A method for detecting systematic features in products being manufactured on a process line, said method comprising the steps of: (a) acquiring images of a plurality of said products, each image being of substantially the same area on each of said products; (b) combining said images to obtain a super-image; (c) processing said super-image to identify regions with strong signals; (d) comparing said regions with known features in said area; and (e) identifying those of said regions that do not correspond to said known features as being indicative of systematic features in said products. 3. A method according to claim 1, further comprising the step of: (e) correcting said images to remove known features in said area. 4. A method according to claim 1, wherein said combining step comprises summing, averaging or obtaining a median. 5. A method according to claim 1, wherein said regions with strong signals are identified by comparison with a predetermined threshold. 6. A method according to claim 1, wherein said images are photoluminescence images. 7. A method according to claim 1, wherein said images are electroluminescence images. 8. A method according to claim 1, wherein said images are reflection or transmission images in the visible or infrared spectral regions. 9. A method according to claim 1, wherein said method is performed at multiple stages in said process line, to identify stages in said process line where said systematic features are introduced. 10. A method according to claim 1, when used to detect systematic features in photovoltaic wafers, cells or modules. 11. A method according to claim 10, wherein said systematic features are cracks in said photovoltaic wafers, cells or modules. 12. A method according to claim 10, wherein said super-image is further processed to determine a background signal level in portions away from said regions with strong signals, and said background signal level is used to predict the performance of said photovoltaic wafers, cells or modules. 13. A method according to claim 1, wherein said images are combined in the Fourier, Discrete Cosine Transform, Hadamard or Wavelet domain. 14. A method according to claim 1, wherein said combining includes monitoring statistical variances from expected values for regions of said images. 15. A method according to claim 1, further comprising the step of aligning said images prior to said combining step. 16. A method according to claim 1, further comprising the step of identifying the type or nature of said systematic features. 17. A method according to claim 1, further comprising the step of taking action to remove the process cause of said systematic features. 18. A method for detecting process-induced defects in products being manufactured on a process line, said method comprising the steps of: (a) acquiring images of corresponding areas of a plurality of said products; (b) cumulating said images to produce a cumulative image; and (c) identifying signals in said cumulative image which exceed a predetermined threshold thereby determining said process-induced defects. 19. A method for detecting process-induced defects in products being manufactured on a process line, said method comprising the steps of: (a) acquiring images of corresponding areas of a plurality of said products; (b) cumulating said images to produce a cumulative image; (c) identifying signals in said cumulative image which exceed a predetermined threshold thereby determining one or more defect candidates; and (d) excluding from said candidates any known features, thereby determining said process-induced defects. 20. A method according to claim 18, further comprising the step of: (d) correcting said images by removing signals in each said image which correspond to any known features. 21. In a process line for manufacturing products, a method for detecting systematic features in products being manufactured on said process line, said method comprising the steps of: (a) acquiring images of a plurality of said products, each image being of substantially the same area on each of said products; (b) combining said images to obtain a super-image; (c) processing said super-image to identify regions with strong signals; and (d) identifying said regions as being indicative of systematic features in said products. 22. In a process line for manufacturing products, a method for detecting process-induced defects in products being manufactured on said process line, said method comprising the steps of: (a) acquiring images of corresponding areas of a plurality of said products; (b) cumulating said images to produce a cumulative image; and (c) identifying signals in said cumulative image which exceed a predetermined threshold thereby determining said process-induced defects. 23. An apparatus to implement the method according to claim 1, 24. An apparatus to implement the method according to claim 2. 25. An apparatus to implement the method according to claim 18. 26. An apparatus to implement the method according to claim 19. 27. A non-transitory computer readable medium with an executable program stored thereon, wherein the executable program causes an apparatus to implement the method according to claim 1. 28. A non-transitory computer readable medium with an executable program stored thereon, wherein the executable program causes an apparatus to implement the method according to claim 2. 29. A non-transitory computer readable medium with an executable program stored thereon, wherein the executable program causes an apparatus to implement the method according to claim 18. 30. An article of manufacture comprising a computer usable medium having a computer readable program code configured to implement the method according to claim 19. 