A warning device includes a lighting unit, an image capturing unit and a processing unit. The lighting unit is configured for generating at least one light spot. The image capturing unit is configured for capturing and recording a series of images of the light spot in time sequence. The processing unit is coupled to the image capturing unit for analyzing a position of the light spot in each of the images, computing an overall displacement of the light spot according to the positions in the respective images, determining whether the overall displacement is greater than a predetermined safe value, and generating a warning output when the overall displacement is greater than the predetermined safe value.
Claims 1. A warning device comprising: a lighting unit for generating at least one light spot; an image capturing unit for capturing and recording a series of images of the light spot in time sequence; and a processing unit coupled to said image capturing unit for analyzing a position of the light spot in each of the images, computing an overall displacement of the light spot according to the positions in the respective images, determining whether the overall displacement is greater than a predetermined safe value, and generating a warning output when the overall displacement is greater than the predetermined safe value. 2. The warning device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the lighting unit includes a screen formed with a plurality of holes, and a lighting module disposed at said screen and configured for emitting light through said holes so as to generate a plurality of the light spots. 3. The warning device as claimed in claim 1, further comprising an output unit coupled to said processing unit for outputting the warning output generated by said processing unit. 4. The warning device as claimed in claim 1, wherein: said lighting unit includes a first mounting member, a screen mounted at said first mounting member, and a lighting module disposed at said screen for generating the light spot on said screen; and said image capturing unit includes a second mounting member, and an image capturing module mounted at said second mounting member and configured for capturing the images of the light spot. 5. The warning device as claimed in claim 4, further comprising a linkage member for connecting one of said first mounting member of said lighting unit and said second mounting member of said image capturing unit with a remote location far from said one of said first mounting member and said second mounting member. 6. The warning device as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a solar energy generating unit for providing electric power to at least one of said lighting unit, said image capturing unit and said processing unit. 7. The warning device as claimed in claim 1, wherein said processing unit includes a recognition module for dividing each of the images into a data portion where the light spot occurs and a null-data portion without the light spot, and recognizing the light spot in the data portion. 8. The warning device as claimed in claim 1, wherein said processing unit includes a tracking module for: obtaining a plurality of functions each of which represents pixels of a respective one of the images; obtaining a plurality of cross-correlation functions each of which is based upon two of the functions associated respectively with temporally adjacent two of the images that are captured successively, and respective distributions of the cross-correlation functions; and computing the overall displacement of the light spot according to a distance between a peak point and an origin point of each of the distributions. 9. The warning device as claimed in claim 8, wherein said tracking module is further configured for obtaining a Gaussian distribution relative to a respective one of the cross-correlation functions, and for executing a sub-pixel analysis to compute the overall displacement of the light spot according to a distance in sub-pixel resolution between a peak point of the Gaussian distribution and the peak point of the distribution of said respective one of the cross-correlation functions. 10. The warning device as claimed in claim 1, wherein said processing unit is configured for computing a displacement distance of the light spot in every temporally adjacent two of the images that are captured successively, and for computing a summation of the displacement distances as the overall displacement of the light spot. 11. The warning device as claimed in claim 1, wherein said processing unit is configured for analyzing and comparing the position of the light spot in a first one of the images with the position of the light spot in each of the others of the images so as to obtain the overall displacement of the light spot. 12. The warning device as claimed in claim 1, wherein said processing unit further includes a tracking module for: obtaining a plurality of functions each of which represents pixels of the light spot in a respective one of the images; obtaining a plurality of direct cross-correlation functions in digital form, each of the direct cross-correlation functions being obtained based upon two of the functions associated respectively with temporally adjacent two of the images that are captured successively; obtaining respective distributions of the direct cross-correlation functions; and computing the overall displacement of the light spot according to a distance between a peak point and an origin point of each of the distributions. 13. The warning device as claimed in claim 12, wherein said tracking module is further configured for obtaining a Gaussian distribution relative to the direct cross-correlation functions, and for executing a sub-pixel analysis to compute the overall displacement of the light spot according to a distance in sub-pixel resolution between a peak point of the Gaussian distribution and the peak point of each of the distributions of the direct cross-correlation functions. 14. A warning method to be implemented by a device including a lighting unit, an image capturing unit and a processing unit, said method comprising the following steps of: a) configuring the lighting unit to generate at least one light spot; b) configuring the image capturing unit to capture and record a series of images of the light spot in time sequence; c) configuring the processing unit to analyze a position of the light spot in each of the images, and to compute an overall displacement of the light spot according to the positions in the respective images; d) configuring the processing unit to determine whether the overall displacement is greater than a predetermined safe value; and e) configuring the processing unit to generate a warning output when the overall displacement is greater than the predetermined safe value. 15. The warning method as claimed in claim 14, wherein step b) includes the following sub-steps of: b1) configuring the image capturing unit to capture an image of the light spot at every interval time; and b2) configuring the image capturing unit to record the image after filtering out background noise of the image. 16. The warning method as claimed in claim 14, wherein step c) includes the following sub-steps of: c1) configuring the processing unit to obtain a plurality of functions each of which represents pixels of a respective one of the images; c2) configuring the processing unit to obtain a plurality of cross-correlation functions each of which is based upon two of the functions associated respectively with temporally adjacent two of the images that are captured successively, and respective distributions of the cross-correlation functions; and c3) configuring the processing unit to compute the overall displacement of the light spot according to a distance between a peak point and an origin point of each of the distributions. 17. The warning method as claimed in claim 14, wherein step c) includes the following sub-steps of: c1) configuring the processing unit to obtain a plurality of functions each of which represents pixels of the light spot in a respective one of the images; c2) configuring the processing unit to obtain a plurality of direct cross-correlation functions in digital form, each of the direct cross-correlation functions being obtained based upon two of the functions associated respectively with temporally adjacent two of the images that are captured successively; c3) configuring the processing unit to obtain respective distributions of the direct cross-correlation functions; and c4) configuring the processing unit to compute the overall displacement of the light spot according to a distance between a peak point and an origin point of each of the distributions. 18. The warning method as claimed in claim 14, wherein, in step c), the processing unit is configured for computing a displacement distance of the light spot in every temporally adjacent two of the images that are captured successively, and for computing a summation of the displacement distances as the overall displacement of the light spot. 19. The warning method as claimed in claim 14, wherein, in step c), the processing unit is configured for analyzing and comparing the position of the light spot in a first one of the images with the position of the light spot in each of the others of the images so as to obtain the overall displacement of the light spot. 