A photovoltaic power plant with master-slave control architecture. The photovoltaic power plant includes slave plant controllers, with each slave plant controller controlling operation of photovoltaic inverters that convert direct current generated by solar cells to alternating current suitable for delivery to a utility power grid at a point of interconnection (POI). A master plant controller controls and coordinates the operation of the slave plant controllers. The master plant controller generates a global inverter real or reactive power setpoint, which is provided to each slave plant controller. In each slave plant controller, the global set point is processed to generate individual inverter real or reactive power setpoints that are provided to corresponding photovoltaic inverters controlled by that slave plant controller. A photovoltaic inverter generates an output based on received individual inverter setpoint to achieve a desired real power, voltage or power factor.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic power plant comprising: a plurality of slave plant controllers, each slave plant controller in the plurality of slave plant controllers being configured to adjust a setpoint of each of a plurality of photovoltaic inverters controlled by the slave plant controller, the setpoint setting an output of a corresponding photovoltaic inverter in the plurality of photovoltaic inverters provided to a point of interconnection (POI) of the photovoltaic power plant to a utility power grid, each of the plurality of photovoltaic inverters being configured to convert direct current generated by a plurality of solar cells to alternating current; and a master plant controller controlling operation of the plurality of slave plant controllers, the master plant controller being configured to detect an output of the photovoltaic power plant at the POI to the utility power grid, and to control operation of the plurality of slave plant controllers to adjust setpoints of corresponding photovoltaic inverters based on the detected output of the photovoltaic power plant at the POI to the utility power grid. 2. The photovoltaic power plant of claim 1 wherein the detected output of the photovoltaic power plant at the POI comprises reactive power and the setpoint adjusted by each slave plant controller in the plurality of slave plant controllers comprises an inverter reactive power setpoint. 3. The photovoltaic power plant of claim 1 wherein the detected output of the photovoltaic power plant at the POI comprises power factor and the setpoint adjusted by each slave plant controller in the plurality of slave plant controllers comprises an inverter power factor setpoint. 4. The photovoltaic power plant of claim 1 wherein the detected output of the photovoltaic power plant at the POI comprises real power and the setpoint adjusted by each slave plant controller in the plurality of slave plant controllers comprises an inverter real power setpoint. 5. The photovoltaic power plant of claim 1 wherein the detected output of the photovoltaic power plant at the POI comprises measured output voltage. 6. The photovoltaic power plant of claim 1 wherein the master plant controller reads a meter at the POI to detect the output of the photovoltaic power plant at the POI. 7. The photovoltaic power plant of claim 1 wherein the master plant controller includes a compensator configured to receive and process the detected output of the photovoltaic power plant. 8. The photovoltaic power plant of claim 7 wherein the compensator comprises a proportional-integral (PI) compensator. 9. The photovoltaic power plant of claim 1 wherein the plurality of solar cells comprises backside contact solar cells. 10. A method of controlling operation of a photovoltaic power plant, the method comprising: controlling operation of a first plurality of photovoltaic inverters using a first slave plant controller, the first slave plant controller adjusting a setpoint of each photovoltaic inverter in the first plurality of photovoltaic inverters to adjust an output of each photovoltaic inverter in the first plurality of photovoltaic inverters, each photovoltaic inverter in the first plurality of photovoltaic inverters converting direct current generated by a first plurality of solar cells to alternating current for delivery to a point of interconnection (POI) of the photovoltaic power plant to a utility power grid; controlling operation of a second plurality of photovoltaic inverters using a second slave plant controller, the second slave plant controller adjusting a setpoint of each photovoltaic inverter in the second plurality of photovoltaic inverters to adjust an output of each photovoltaic inverter in the second plurality of photovoltaic inverters, each photovoltaic inverter in the second plurality of photovoltaic inverters converting direct current generated by a second plurality of solar cells to alternating current for delivery to the POI; measuring an output of the photovoltaic power plant at the POI; and controlling operation of the first and second slave plant controllers using a master plant controller, the master plant controller controlling the first and second slave plant controllers to adjust setpoints of photovoltaic inverters in the first and second pluralities of photovoltaic inverters based on the output of the photovoltaic power plant measured at the POI. 11. The method of claim 10 wherein the output of the photovoltaic power plant measured at the POI comprises voltage output. 12. The method of claim 11 wherein the photovoltaic power plant is operated in accordance with automatic voltage regulation. 13. The method of claim 10 wherein the output of the photovoltaic power plant measured at the POI comprises power factor. 14. The method of claim 13 wherein the photovoltaic power plant is operated in accordance with power factor control. 15. The method of claim 10 wherein the output of the photovoltaic power plant measured at the POI comprises real power. 16. The method of claim 10 wherein the first slave plant controller communicates with the first plurality of photovoltaic inverters over a data communication network. 17. A method of controlling operation of a photovoltaic power plant, the method comprising: installing a first plant controller of a photovoltaic power plant, the first plant controller being configured to control operation of a first plurality of photovoltaic inverters that convert direct current generated by a first plurality of solar cells to alternating current; operating the first plant controller to generate an output of the photovoltaic power plant at a point of interconnection (POI) to a utility power grid; after the first plant controller has been operating to generate the output of the photovoltaic power plant at the POI to the utility power grid for at least a period of time, installing a second plant controller of the photovoltaic power plant, the second plant controller being configured to control operation of a second plurality of photovoltaic inverters that convert direct current generated by a second plurality of solar cells to alternating current; installing a master plant controller to control operation of the first and second plant controllers; and controlling operation of the first and second plant controllers using the master plant controller, the master plant controller controlling the first and second plant controllers to adjust setpoints of photovoltaic inverters in the first and second pluralities of photovoltaic inverters based on a measured output of the photovoltaic power plant at the POI. 18. The method of claim 17 wherein the measured output of the photovoltaic power plant at the POI comprises voltage. 19. The method of claim 17 wherein the photovoltaic power plant is operated in accordance with automatic voltage regulation. 20. The method of claim 17 wherein the measured output of the photovoltaic power plant measured at the POI comprises power factor. 21. The method of claim 17 wherein the photovoltaic power plant is operated in accordance with power factor control. 22. The method of claim 17 wherein the measured output of the photovoltaic power plant measured at the POI comprises real power. 23. The method of claim 17 wherein the photovoltaic power plant is operated in accordance with automatic real power control. 24. The method of claim 17 wherein the first plant controller communicates with the first plurality of photovoltaic inverters over a data communication network. 25. The method of claim 17 where each of the plurality of slave plant controllers is operated as a separate PV plant operated by separate entities. 