A system and method for mounting photovoltaic solar panels onto a roof. The system includes first and second strut rails spaced from the roof employing a series of standoffs, the strut rails having a length, cross section, a base and side walls, side walls terminating with first and second turned in edges. First and second mounting fixtures are attached to the photovoltaic solar panels which are of a type and geometry enabling the solar panels to be removably appended to the strut rails. The first and second mounting fixtures can be applied to the photovoltaic solar panels before being elevated to a roof.
Claims 1. A system for mounting a plurality of photovoltaic solar panels onto a roof, said system comprising first and second strut rails, each strut rail having a length and a cross section, each cross section having a base, sidewalls and first and second turned in edges, a first mounting fixture comprising a first mounting block for removably appending said photovoltaic solar panels to a first of said strut rails, said first mounting block having a tooth at its first edge and a cam at its second edge, said tooth sized and positioned to fit beneath the first turned in edge of said first strut rail while said cam frictionally abuts a second turned in edge of said first strut rail and a second mounting fixture comprising a second mounting block for removably appending said photovoltaic solar panel to said second strut rail, said second mounting block comprising a protruding shaft being sized to extend between said sidewalls of said second strut rail and further having an indent configured within said protruding shaft for capturing one of said first or second turned in edges when said indent is urged against one of said first or second turned in edges for releasably securing said photovoltaic solar panels to said second strut rail, a first of said plurality of photovoltaic solar panels having said first mounting fixture affixed proximate a first edge thereof and said second mounting fixture affixed proximate a second edge thereof, providing a second photovoltaic solar panel being substantially rectangular, said second edge of said first photovoltaic solar panel and a first edge of said second photovoltaic solar panel having complimentary hook and groove features to enable said first and second photovoltaic solar panels to releasably attach to one another, said second photovoltaic solar panel being devoid of said first mounting fixture and having said second mounting fixture affixed proximate its second edge. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein a seam is established between the second edge of said first photovoltaic solar panel and said first edge of said second photovoltaic solar panel, said seam being sealed to substantially prevent water intrusion therethrough. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein a gap is established between said hook and groove features to allow for thermal expansion and contraction of said adjacent first and second photovoltaic solar panels. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein a ground clip is located between said second edge of said first photovoltaic solar panel and said first edge of said second photovoltaic solar panel for establishing electrical conductivity between said adjacent photovoltaic solar panels. 5. A system for mounting a plurality of photovoltaic solar panels onto a roof, said system comprising first and second strut rails, each strut rail having a length and a cross section, each cross section having a base, sidewalls and first and second turned in edges, a first mounting fixture comprising a first mounting block for removably appending said photovoltaic solar panels to a first of said strut rails, said first mounting block having a tooth at its first edge and a cam at its second edge, said tooth sized and positioned to fit beneath a first turned in edge of said first strut rail while said cam frictionally abuts a second turned in edge of said first strut rail, a ground clip affixed to said first mounting block extending to said tooth and providing a grounding path for as long as said first mounting block is in contact with said first strut rail and a second mounting fixture comprising a second mounting block for removably appending said photovoltaic solar panel to said second strut rail, said second mounting block comprising a protruding shaft being sized to extend between said sidewalls of said second strut rail and further having an indent configured within said protruding shaft for capturing one of said first or second turned in edges when said indent is urged against one of said first or second turned in edges for releasably securing said photovoltaic solar panels to said second strut rail and ground clips located between said plurality of photovoltaic solar panels for establishing electrical conductivity between them. 6. The system of claim 5 wherein said ground clip comprising parallel knife edges in that segment of said ground clip intended to contact said first strut rail when said first mounting block and first strut rail are in contact with one another. 7. A system for mounting photovoltaic solar panels onto a roof, said system comprising first and second strut rails, each strut rail having a length and a cross section, each cross section having a base, sidewalls and first and second turned in edges, a first mounting fixture comprising a first mounting block for removably appending said photovoltaic solar panels to a first of said strut rails, said first mounting block having a tooth at its first edge and a cam at its second edge, said tooth sized and positioned to fit beneath a first turned in edge of said first strut rail while said cam frictionally abuts a second turned in edge of said first strut rail and a second mounting fixture comprising a second mounting block for removably appending said photovoltaic solar panel to said second strut rail, said second mounting block comprising a protruding shaft being sized to extend between said sidewalls of said second strut rail and further having an indent configured within said protruding shaft for capturing one of said first or second turned in edges when said indent is urged against one of said first or second turned in edges for releasably securing said photovoltaic solar panels to said second strut rail and further comprising a grounding path from said system, said grounding path established by a conductive wire and lay-in ground clip, said lay-in ground clip being substantially U-shaped with a channel sized to receive said wire and openings therein for securing said lay-in ground clip to at least one of said strut rails. 8. The system of claim 7 wherein said channel is configured such that as said lay-in ground clip is secured to at least one of said strut rails, said U-shaped lay-in ground clip acts to clamp down upon said wire substantially preventing its movement within said channel. 9. The system of claim 8 wherein said wire is removable from said channel without requiring removal of said lay-in ground clip from at least one of said strut rails. 10. The system of claim 1 wherein said first and second strut rails are each comprised of a plurality of rail members joined end to end and further comprising shear plates positioned at said end to end joinder thereof. 11. The system of claim 10 wherein said shear plates include relief areas sized to receive first and second mounting blocks therein. 