Systems, methods, and apparatus by which solar energy may be collected to provide electricity, heat, or a combination of electricity and heat are disclosed herein.
Claims 1. An integrated balance of system for a photovoltaic-thermal solar energy collector, the integrated balance of system comprising: an inverter configured to convert direct current received from the solar energy collector to alternating current; a heat transfer fluid control system including a controller, a pump controlled by the controller, and a power supply electrically coupled to the inverter to receive alternating current electric power from the inverter, the power supply providing electric power to the controller and to the pump, the heat transfer fluid control system configured to circulate a heat transfer fluid through the solar energy collector; an alternating current electric power output electrically coupled to the inverter to provide alternating current from the inverter to an external load; a first heat transfer fluid inlet configured to receive heat transfer fluid from an external supply; a first heat transfer fluid outlet configured to provide heat transfer fluid received from the external supply to the solar energy collector; a second heat transfer fluid inlet configured to receive heat transfer fluid from the solar energy collector; and a second heat transfer fluid outlet configured to provide heat transfer fluid received from the solar energy collector to an external use or external user. 2. The integrated balance of system of claim 1, configured as one or more prefabricated portable modules shippable to a site of the solar energy collector for integration with the solar energy collector. 3. The integrated balance of system of claim 2, wherein the one or more modules have a total footprint with an area less than about 0.8 square meters. 4. The integrated balance of system of claim 3, wherein the alternating current electric power outlet satisfies the American National Standards Institute National Electrical Code NFPA 70 and the heat transfer fluid inlets and outlets satisfy the American National Standards Institute National Tapered Pipe Thread standard B1.20.1. 5. The integrated balance of system of claim 1, wherein the power supply is configured to switch from operating on alternating current provided by the inverter to operating on direct current provided by local electric power storage if alternating current electric power from the inverter becomes unavailable. 6. The integrated balance of system of claim 1, wherein the power supply is configured to switch from operating on alternating current provided by the inverter to operating on direct current generated by the solar energy collector if alternating current electric power from the inverter becomes unavailable 7. The integrated balance of system of claim 1, wherein the power supply is configured to provide electric power to the solar energy collector to power a tracker that adjusts an orientation of the solar energy collector to track the sun as it moves across the sky. 8. The integrated balance of system of claim 7, wherein the power supply is configured to switch from operating on alternating current provided by the inverter to operating on direct current generated by the solar energy collector if alternating current electric power from the inverter becomes unavailable. 9. The integrated balance of system of claim 1, wherein the controller is coupled to the inverter to receive signals from the inverter comprising information about the operation of the inverter. 10. The integrated balance of system of claim 1, wherein the pump is a variable speed pump with speed controlled by the controller depending on a temperature of the heat transfer fluid. 11. The integrated balance of system of claim 10, wherein the temperature of the heat transfer fluid is measured after the heat transfer fluid has been heated in the solar energy collector and prior to being supplied to the external use or external user. 12. The integrated balance of system of claim 1, comprising a wireless communicator coupled to the controller to receive signals from the controller and configured to communicate with another substantially similar integrated balance of system. 13. The integrated balance of system of claim 1, comprising a wireless communicator coupled to the controller to receive signals from the controller and configured to communicate with a computer. 14. A solar energy collector system comprising: at least a first solar energy collector including: a solar energy receiver; a reflector; and a tracker configured to orient the reflector, the receiver, or the reflector and the receiver to track motion of the sun in the sky so that solar radiation is concentrated by the reflector onto the receiver; wherein the receiver includes one or more solar cells that, in operation of the solar energy collector, are illuminated by solar radiation concentrated by the reflector onto the receiver, and the receiver also includes one or more fluid channels through which, in operation of the solar energy collector, heat transfer fluid may pass to collect heat from solar radiation concentrated by the reflector onto the receiver; and at least a first integrated balance of system located proximate to the first solar energy collector and including: an inverter electrically coupled to the receiver to receive direct current from the solar energy collector and configured to convert the direct current to alternating current; a heat transfer fluid control system including a controller, a pump controlled by the controller, and a power supply electrically coupled to the inverter to receive alternating current electric power from the inverter, the power supply providing electric power to the controller and to the pump, the heat transfer fluid control system configured to circulate a heat transfer fluid through the solar energy collector; an alternating current electric power output electrically coupled to the inverter to provide alternating current from the inverter to an external load; a first heat transfer fluid inlet configured to receive heat transfer fluid from an external supply; a first heat transfer fluid outlet coupled to the receiver to provide heat transfer fluid received from the external supply to the solar energy collector; a second heat transfer fluid inlet coupled to the receiver to receive heat transfer fluid from the solar energy collector; and a second heat transfer fluid outlet configured to provide heat transfer fluid received from the solar energy collector to an external use or external user. 15. The solar energy collector system of claim 14, comprising local heat transfer fluid storage fluidly coupled to the second heat transfer outlet. 16. The solar energy collector system of claim 14, comprising a local heat transfer fluid cooler fluidly coupled to the first heat transfer fluid inlet and configured to receive heat transfer fluid from the external supply. 17. The solar energy collector system of claim 16, wherein the controller controls one or more valves to bypass the heat transfer fluid cooler or to route heat transfer fluid from the external supply through the heat transfer fluid cooler prior to the heat transfer fluid entering the first heat transfer fluid inlet, the controller controlling the one or more valves based on a temperature of the heat transfer fluid. 18. The solar energy collector system of claim 14, wherein the power supply provides electric power to the solar energy collector to power the tracker; 19. The solar energy collector system of claim 18, wherein the power supply receives direct current electric power generated by the solar energy collector. 20. The solar energy collector system of claim 19, wherein the receiver includes solar cells that generate sufficient direct current electric power under a solar irradiance of about 30 Watts per square meter of solar cell to power the tracker. 21. A method of operating the solar energy collector system of claim 18, comprising: detecting a fault on the external load; ceasing to provide alternating current from the inverter to the external load; and powering the tracker from the power supply to orient the reflector, the receiver, or the reflector and the receiver to reduce the concentration of solar radiation onto the receiver. 22. The method of claim 21, comprising the power supply powering the tracker with stored electric power. 23. The method of claim 21, comprising the power supply powering the tracker with direct current electric power generated by the solar energy collector. 24. A method of operating the solar energy collector system of claim 18, comprising: detecting a fault on the external load; ceasing to provide alternating current from the inverter to the external load; continuing to power the pump to circulate heat transfer fluid through the receiver; and powering the tracker from the power supply to orient the reflector, the receiver, or the reflector and the receiver to continue concentrating solar radiation onto the receiver. 25. The method of claim 24, comprising the power supply powering the tracker and the pump with stored electric power. 26. The method of claim 24, comprising the power supply powering the tracker and the pump with direct current electric power generated by the solar energy collector. 27. The solar energy collector system of claim 14, comprising: a second solar energy collector located proximate to the first solar energy collector and including: a solar energy receiver; a reflector; and a tracker configured to orient the reflector, the receiver, or the reflector and the receiver to track motion of the sun in the sky so that solar radiation is concentrated by the reflector onto the receiver; wherein the receiver includes one or more solar cells that, in operation of the solar energy collector, are illuminated by solar radiation concentrated by the reflector onto the receiver, and the receiver also includes one or more fluid channels through which, in operation of the solar energy collector, heat transfer fluid may pass to collect heat from solar radiation concentrated by the reflector onto the receiver; and a second integrated balance of system located proximate to the second solar energy collector and including: an inverter electrically coupled to the receiver in the second solar energy collector to receive direct current from the second solar energy collector and configured to convert the direct current to alternating current, a heat transfer fluid control system including a controller, a pump controlled by the controller, and a power supply electrically coupled to the inverter to receive alternating current electric power from the inverter, the power supply providing electric power to the controller and to the pump, the heat transfer fluid control system configured to circulate a heat transfer fluid through the second solar energy collector; an alternating current electric power output electrically coupled to the inverter to provide alternating current from the inverter to an external load the same as or different from the external load to which the first integrated balance of system is coupled; a first heat transfer fluid inlet configured to receive heat transfer fluid from an external supply the same as or different from the external supply to which the first integrated balance of system is coupled; a first heat transfer fluid outlet coupled to the receiver in the second solar energy collector to provide heat transfer fluid received from the external supply to the second solar energy collector; a second heat transfer fluid inlet coupled to the receiver in the second solar energy collector to receive heat transfer fluid from the second solar energy collector; and a second heat transfer fluid outlet configured to provide heat transfer fluid received from the second solar energy collector to the same external use or external user as that of the first integrated balance of system; wherein the first integrated balance of system controls the direct current electric output of the first solar energy collector at a first current-voltage power point and controls the temperature and flow rate of heat transfer fluid through the first solar energy collector at a first output temperature and a first flow rate; the second integrated balance of system controls the direct current electric output of the second solar energy collector at a second current-voltage power point and controls the temperature and flow rate of heat transfer fluid through the second solar energy collector at a second output temperature and a second flow rate; and the first current voltage power point, first output temperature, and first flow rate are controlled independently of the second current-voltage power point, second output temperature, and second flow rate. 28. A heat and electricity providing system comprising: at least a first solar energy collector including: a solar energy receiver; a reflector; and a tracker configured to orient the reflector, the receiver, or the reflector and the receiver to track motion of the sun in the sky so that solar radiation is concentrated by the reflector onto the receiver; wherein: the receiver includes one or more solar cells that, in operation of the solar energy collector, are illuminated by solar radiation concentrated by the reflector onto the receiver, and the receiver also includes one or more fluid channels through which, in operation of the solar energy collector, a heat transfer fluid may pass to collect heat from solar radiation concentrated by the reflector onto the receiver; and the solar energy collector is fluidly coupled to an external source of the heat transfer fluid to be heated in the receiver, fluidly coupled to an external use or external user of the heat transfer fluid that has been heated in the receiver, and electrically coupled to deliver electric power generated by the receiver to an external load; and an electrically powered heat pump fluidly coupled to a source of heat transfer fluid to be heated by the heat pump and fluidly coupled to the same external use or external user of heated heat transfer fluid as is the solar energy collector. 29. The heat and electricity providing system of claim 28, wherein the heat pump is fluidly coupled to the same external source of heat transfer fluid as is the solar energy collector. 30. The heat and electricity providing system of claim 28, wherein the heat pump is electrically coupled to the solar energy collector to be powered by electric power generated by the solar energy collector. 31. The heat and electricity providing system of claim 28, configured so that a total heat requirement of the external use or external user of heat transfer fluid during a predetermined time period is satisfied by a combination of: a total heat output delivered from the solar energy collector to the external use or external user during the predetermined time period; and a total heat output delivered from the heat pump to the external use or external user during the predetermined time period, wherein the heat pump is powered during the predetermined time period by a total electric energy less than or equal to the total electric energy generated by the solar energy collector during the predetermined time period. 32. The heat and electricity providing system of claim 31, wherein the total heat output delivered from the solar energy collector to the external use or external user during the predetermined time period is equal to about one half of the total heat requirement of the external use or external user of heat during the predetermined time. 33. The heat and electricity providing system of claim 31, wherein the predetermined time period is about one year. 34. The heat and electricity providing system of claim 28, comprising at least a first integrated balance of system located proximate to the first solar energy collector and including: an inverter electrically coupled to the receiver to receive direct current from the solar energy collector and configured to convert the direct current to alternating current; a heat transfer fluid control system including a controller, a pump controlled by the controller, and a power supply electrically coupled to the inverter to receive alternating current electric power from the inverter, the power supply providing electric power to the controller and to the pump, the heat transfer fluid control system configured to circulate a heat transfer fluid through the solar energy collector; an alternating current electric power output electrically coupled to the inverter to provide alternating current from the inverter to an external load; a first heat transfer fluid inlet configured to receive heat transfer fluid from an external supply; a first heat transfer fluid outlet coupled to the receiver to provide heat transfer fluid received from the external supply to the solar energy collector; a second heat transfer fluid inlet coupled to the receiver to receive heat transfer fluid from the solar energy collector; and a second heat transfer fluid outlet configured to provide heat transfer fluid received from the solar energy collector to an external use or external user. 35. The heat and electricity providing system of claim 34, wherein the controller controls operation of the heat pump. 36. A method of operating the heat and electricity providing system of claim 28 comprising controlling the operation of the heat pump based on an expected demand for heat and an expected availability of heat and electric power from the solar energy collector. 37. A method of operating the heat and electricity providing system of claim 28 comprising controlling the operation of the heat pump based on an expected demand for heat and on a record of prior heat and electric power output from the solar energy collector. 