A barbecue grill includes a light mounted on the hood of the grill to illuminate not only the grilling area, but also storage areas located below or beside the grill. One storage area can include a glass front so that food stored in this storage area can be illuminated by the light. The light can be mounted on the grill hood handle or it can be clipped directly to the hood. The light can also be part of a replaceable handle assembly for use on existing grills. The light is preferable one that will not attract insects and can be a battery powered fluorescent light or a neon light that can be also added for decoration.
Claims I claim: 1. An apparatus for the outdoor preparation of food comprising: a grill enclosed by a hood that can be opened to expose the grill; a handle on the hood for opening the hood; a light mounted the hood in the vicinity of the handle positioned to illuminate the grill when the hood is raised; and at least one storage area positioned below the grill, the light being positioned on the hood in a position to illuminate the storage area when the hood is raised. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the hood is pivoted relative to the grill. 3. The apparatus of claim 2 wherein a first storage area includes a transparent front so that food positioned in the first storage is visible when illuminated by the light. 4. The apparatus of claim 2 wherein a second storage area comprises a pull out drawer. 5. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the light comprises a light that does not attract insects. 6. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the light comprises a neon light. 7. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the light comprises a fluorescent light. 8. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein a plurality of storage areas are located below the grill. 9. The apparatus of claim wherein a food storage area having a transparent front is located above a pull out drawer. 10. The apparatus of claim 9 wherein a removable ash and charcoal collection tray is located above the food storage area and a storage rack is located below the pull out drawer. 11. The apparatus of claim 10 wherein wheels are mounted on the apparatus so that the apparatus is portable. 12. The apparatus of claim 01 wherein the light powered by a battery. 13. The apparatus of claim 12 wherein the battery is rechargeable by a solar cell. 14. A replacement handle for use on conventional barbecue grills as a replacement for an original equipment handle intended to raise a hood on a conventional barbecue grill to expose a grilling area; the replacement handle comprising: a pair of arms attachable to the hood by fasteners upon removal of the original equipment handle, the arms including laterally adjustable mounting means for mounting the handle to hoods of different types having attachment points spaced apart by differing distances; a handgrip extending between the arms to be spaced from the hood when the handle is mounted on the hood; and a tubular light source located adjacent to the handgrip and also spaced from the hood by a distance sufficient to illuminate the grilling area when the hood is raised. 15. The replacement handle of claim 14 wherein the replacement handle includes a battery for energizing the light source. 16. The replacement handle of claim 14 wherein the tubular light source comprises a light source that does not attract insects so that the light source can be used at night. 17. The replacement handle of claim 14 wherein the tubular light source comprises a neon light 18. A light source for use in illuminating a grilling area of a barbecue grill when a hood on the grill is raised, the light source comprising: a tubular light to which insects are not attracted: at least one fastener attachable to the hood on the grill to position the tubular light a sufficient distance from the hood to illuminate the grilling area of the barbecue grill when the hood is raised; and a battery holder attached to the tubular light to power the light. 19. The light source of claim 18 wherein the fastener comprises means for attaching the tubular light to a handle on the hood of the grill. 20. The light source of claim 18 wherein the tubular light comprises a neon light. 