A method and apparatus for the inspection of a substrate provides consistent detection of defects such as cracks, differentiates between different types of defects, and, does not excessively heat the substrate. An infrared radiating source produces infrared energy which illuminates the substrate in a uniform manner at an incident angle. An infrared camera collects a portion of the infrared light which is reflected from the substrate. An image is created from the collected light which includes indicia of the defect. The image is examined as the incident angle is varied for changes in the appearance of the indicia.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An apparatus for detecting a defect in a substrate comprising: an infrared radiating source spaced from said substrate and positioned to substantially uniformly illuminate said substrate with infrared light, an infrared camera with a lens positioned to collect reflected infrared light from said substrate; and, means for creating an image from said reflected infrared light, said image including indicia representative of said defect. 2. The apparatus as in claim 1, wherein said substrate comprises a solar cell. 3. The apparatus as in claim 1, wherein said infrared radiating source is in the shape of an annulus having a first opening, said infrared radiating source positioned between said lens and said substrate such that said substrate is visible to said camera through said first opening. 4. The apparatus as in claim 3, wherein said infrared radiating source is spirally coiled wire formed into an annular ring. 5. The apparatus as in claim 4, wherein said coiled wire is of nickel/chromium material. 6. The apparatus as in claim 5, further comprising: an insulator coupled to said spirally coiled for supporting said spirally coiled wire. 7. The apparatus as in claim 6, wherein said insulator has a second opening, said insulator positioned such that said substrate is visible to said camera through said second opening. 8. The apparatus as in claim 7, wherein said insulator further comprises a circular annular groove facing said substrate, and, said spirally coiled wire positioned within said circular annular groove. 9. The apparatus as in claim 6, wherein said insulator is a ceramic material. 10. The apparatus as in claim 9, wherein said ceramic material is a transite material. 11. The apparatus as in claim 1, wherein said camera has a first spectral response and said radiating source has a second spectral response, said first and second spectral responses being approximately matched. 12. The apparatus as in claim 11, wherein said first and second spectral responses are from a wavelength of 1 to 5 microns. 13. The apparatus as in claim 1, wherein said substrate includes a cover glass, a long-pass filter being placed between said substrate and said lens, said long-pass filter approximately blocking radiation below a 2.0 micron wavelength. 14. A method for detecting a defect in a substrate comprising the steps of: illuminating said substrate with an infrared light source in an approximately uniform manner, collecting reflected infrared light from said substrate, producing an image from said reflected infrared light; and, examining said image for indicia representative of said defect. 15. An apparatus for detecting defects in a substrate and for determining a type of said defect: an infrared radiating source spaced from said substrate and positioned to substantially uniformly illuminate said substrate with infrared light at an incident angle, an infrared camera with a lens positioned to collect reflected infrared light from said substrate; and, means for creating an image from said reflected infrared light, said image including indicia representative of said defect; and, means to change said incident angle. 16. The apparatus as in claim 15, wherein said means to change said incident angle is provided by moving said infrared radiating source closer to or further from said substrate. 17. The apparatus as in claim 15, wherein said indicia representative of a substrate crack type defect is a dark image which remains a dark image with said change of said incident angle. 18. The apparatus as in claim 15, wherein said indicia representative of a surface anomaly type defect is a dark image which changes to a bright image as said incident angle is increased. 19. The apparatus as in claim 15, wherein said indicia representative of a delamination type defect is a bright image which remains a bright image with said change of said incident angle. 20. A method for detecting a defect in a substrate and for determining at type of said defect comprising the steps of: illuminating said substrate with an infrared light source in an approximately uniform manner at an incident angle; collecting reflected infrared light from said substrate; producing an image from said reflected infrared light; examining said image for indicia representative of said defect; and, varying said incident angle while continuously monitoring said image for changes in the appearance of the indicia. 21. The method of claim 20, wherein the step of varying said incident angle further comprises the step of varying said incident angle by moving said infrared light source closer to or further away from said substrate. 22. The method of claim 21, wherein the step of varying said incident angle while continuously monitoring said image further comprises the step of changing said incident angle while continuously monitoring said image, a crack type defect producing a dark image at all said incident angles, and, a surface anomaly type defect producing a dark image which changes to a bright image as said incident angle is increased. 