There is disclosed a photovoltaic power generating structure in which a solar cell module is arranged on a base member, wherein a closed space portion cut off from the air is provided between the base member and the solar cell module. Thus, there can be provided the photovoltaic power generating structure which can be easily constructed at a low installation cost, can maintain a good output as a photovoltaic power generating system, is excellent in environmental resistance, and can improve a fire-proof performance.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A photovoltaic power generating structure having a solar cell module arranged on a base member, comprising a closed space portion cut off from the air provided between the base member and the solar cell module. 2. The photovoltaic power generating structure according to claim 1, further comprising an underlaying material provided on the base member. 3. The photovoltaic power generating structure according to claim 1, wherein the closed space portion is divided into a plurality of space portions by a convection controlling portion, and wherein communication between the divided space portions is cut off from each other. 4. The photovoltaic power generating structure according to claim 3, wherein the convection controlling portion is disposed in the direction of a purlin, and wherein the communication in the direction of flow of the roof between the space portions is cut off. 5. The photovoltaic power generating structure according to claim 3, wherein the convection controlling portion is formed of an incombustible material. 6. The photovoltaic power generating structure according to claim 3, wherein the convection controlling portion also functions as a fixture for fixing the solar cell module. 7. The photovoltaic power generating structure according to claim 3, wherein the solar cell module is of a lateral roofing type, and wherein the communication in the direction of flow of the roof between the space portions is cut off. 8. The photovoltaic power generating structure according to claim 2, wherein the underlaying material is a material having a softening point of 40 to 90.degree. C. 9. The photovoltaic power generating structure according to claim 1, wherein the base member has high thermal insulating properties. 10. The photovoltaic power generating structure according to claim 1, wherein the solar cell module is formed as a roofing material integrated type solar cell module. 11. The photovoltaic power generating structure according to claim 1, comprising a non-power-generating roof portion in addition to the solar cell module. 12. The photovoltaic power generating structure according to claim 1, wherein the solar cell module is formed of an amorphous silicon based semiconductor. 13. The photovoltaic power generating structure according to claim 1, wherein the solar cell module is connected to an inverter for controlling the output or to a junction box. 