A PV roof assembly (6) includes a roof (12) mountable to an electric vehicle (4), and a PV assembly (10) at the upper part of the roof. The PV assembly may be mounted to a separate roof surface (34) or the PV assembly may itself constitute all or part of the roof. The vehicle may include a secondary PV assembly (96) coupled to a display unit (92) to provide an independent indication of the intensity of solar irradiation. The roof may have mounting element recesses (68) to accommodate mounting elements (70) of the PV assembly, the mounting elements configured so as not to shade the PV panel (14). The roof may also be configured to accommodate a global positioning device (80). The roof preferably includes a peripheral gutter (88). The roof body preferably includes hand-hold recesses (90) housing hand-hold elements (42) at positions to provide a horizontal setback (92) from the lateral sides (93) of the roof body.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An electric vehicle of the type including a vehicle body carrying a motor, a battery and a main PV assembly, the main PV assembly coupled to the battery for charging the battery, the improvement comprising: a display unit mounted to the body, the display unit electrically isolated from the battery and the main PV assembly; and a secondary PV assembly mounted to the body and electrically connected to the display unit; the display unit constructed to provide an indication proportional to the intensity of solar irradiation on the secondary PV assembly. 2. The electric vehicle according to claim 1 wherein the display unit comprises at least one of a light emitting diode display, a cathode ray tube, an analog meter, and a liquid crystal display. 3. An electric vehicle photovoltaic (PV) roof assembly comprising: a vehicle roof comprising an upper surface having a plurality of assembly mounting element recesses; a PV assembly; PV assembly mounting elements securing the PV assembly to the upper surface of the roof at the mounting element recesses; and said mounting elements configured so that the mounting elements do not shade the PV assembly. 4. The assembly according to claim 3 wherein the mounting elements comprise tabs extending from the PV assembly. 5. The assembly according to claim 4 wherein the mounting elements comprise screws passing through the tabs. 6. An electric vehicle photovoltaic (PV) roof assembly comprising: a vehicle roof comprising an upper surface having first and second surface portions; a PV assembly mounted to the first surface portion; a global positioning device mounted to the second surface portion. 7. The assembly according to claim 6 wherein the global positioning device comprises at least one of a ground plane of a global positioning system and a global positioning antenna. 8. The assembly according to claim 7 wherein the vehicle roof comprises a through hole for the passage of wires from the global positioning device. 9. The assembly according to claim 8 wherein the second surface portion of the upper surface comprises raised portions so to provide ventilation regions between the PV assembly and the upper surface. 10. The assembly according to claim 6 wherein the upper surface comprises a depression positioned to accommodate wires exiting the PV assembly. 11. An electric vehicle photovoltaic (PV) roof comprising: a vehicle roof body comprising a generally flat PV assembly-supporting upper surface, a peripheral edge circumscribing the upper surface, and a peripheral gutter formed between the upper surface and the peripheral edge; the gutter having a minimum chosen depth below the upper surface. 12. The roof according to claim 11 wherein the chosen minimum depth is at least about 6 mm. 13. The roof and according to claim 11 wherein the gutter has a minimum width of about 3 mm. 14. An electric vehicle roof comprising: a roof body comprising front and rear edges and lateral side edges; hand-hold recesses formed into the lateral sides at chosen position; and hand-hold elements mounted within said hand-hold recesses at positions to provide a minimum horizontal setback between the hand-hold elements and the lateral sides. 15. The roof according to claim 14 wherein the minimum setback is 2.5 cm. 16. The roof according to claim 14 wherein the roof body has an upper surface, portions of said upper surface overlying the hand-hold recesses. 