A power supply for supplying energy to a load includes an energy supply source for generating energy, an energy storage device that is charged from the energy generated by the energy supply source, an optional regulator for improving the energy matching of the energy supply source and the energy storage device, an energy converter for delivering energy from the energy storage device and/or the energy supply source to a load, a detector for monitoring the energy level of the energy storage device and for determining when to activate the energy converter to allow energy delivery to the load from the energy storage device and/or the energy supply source, an optional energy discharge controller that allows the energy storage device to discharge over time, and an optional switch controller for controlling a switch, valve, relay, etc.
Claims The embodiments of the invention in which an exclusive property or privilege is claimed are defined as follows: 1. Power supply apparatus for operating a controlled device with a sequence of momentary current pulses, comprising: an energy converter connected via a first node to an energy storage device, said energy converter being capable of converting energy at varying voltage levels from the energy storage device to energy at a constant output voltage on a second node; and an energy storage capacitor connected to the second node and connected via a switch controller to the controlled device, said switch controller being responsive to signals from a logic controller, which is connected to the second node, to discharge pulses of energy from the energy storage capacitor to the controlled device. 2. The power supply apparatus of claim 1, wherein the energy storage capacitor is connected to the second node via a current limiting resistor. 3. The power supply apparatus of claim 1, wherein the energy storage capacitor is connected to the second node via the logic controller. 4. The power supply apparatus of claim 1 wherein the energy storage capacitor comprises a capacitive component that has capacitance at least as high as 13,000 microfarads in a range of 4.5 to 5.5 volts and equivalent series resistance (ESR) of less than 1.0 ohm. 5. The power supply apparatus of claim 4, wherein the capacitive component has an ESR of less than 0.5 ohm. 6. The power supply apparatus of claim 5, wherein the capacitive component has an ESR of about 0.2 ohm. 7. The power supply apparatus of claim 1, wherein the energy converter operates with energy conversion efficiency that varies in relation to voltage on the first node and is responsive to a voltage sensor, which is connected to sense voltage on the first node, to output energy on the second node only when voltage on the first node is in a range in which the energy converter operates with at least a minimum desired energy conversion efficiency. 8. The power supply apparatus of claim 7, wherein the minimum desired energy conversion efficiency is at least fifty percent. 9. The power supply apparatus of claim 7, wherein the minimum desired energy conversion efficiency is at least seventy percent. 10. The power supply apparatus of claim 1, including an energy recharge source connected to the first node. 11. The power supply apparatus of claim 1, wherein the energy storage device includes a rechargeable battery. 12. The power supply apparatus of claim 10, wherein the energy recharge source includes a solar panel. 13. Power supply apparatus for operating a controlled device with a sequence of energy pulses, comprising: an energy storage device comprising a rechargeable battery with a capability of receiving and providing electric energy at varying voltages, said rechargeable battery being connected to a first node; an energy recharge source connected to the first node; an energy converter connected to the first node, said energy converter being capable, when activated, of converting energy of varying voltages from the first node, to a constant voltage energy output on a second node with an energy conversion efficiency that varies with voltage on the first node, and said energy converter being responsive to a voltage sensor, which is connected to the first node, to convert energy from the first node to the constant voltage energy on the second node only when the voltage sensor senses voltage on the first node at which the energy converter can convert energy with at least a desired energy conversion efficiency to the constant voltage energy output on the second node; and an energy storage capacitor connectable by a switch controller to the controlled device, the switch controller being responsive to a logic controller to connect the energy storage capacitor to the controlled device in a manner that discharges pulses of energy from the energy storage capacitor to the controlled device, said logic controller being connected to the second node and to the energy storage capacitor and being gated and actuateable to deliver energy from the second load to charge and recharge the energy storage capacitor. 14. A charging apparatus, comprising: a solar power source connected to a node, said solar power source having a capacity to produce electric energy at varying voltage and current output levels depending on available sunlight; a rechargeable battery connected to said node, said rechargeable battery being capable of receiving and storing electric energy from said solar power source via said node at varying voltage levels and of delivering stored electric energy to said node at varying voltage levels; an energy converter that has an input terminal connected to said node and an output terminal that is connectable to a load, said energy converter being actuateable in response to a first control signal to convert electric energy of varying voltage from said node to electric energy of a constant voltage level at said output terminal for powering said load, and said energy converter having varying energy conversion efficiency levels that vary as a function of the varying voltage levels at said node, there being a minimum threshold voltage level at said node that corresponds with a minimum desired energy conversion efficiency level at which the solar power source can deliver energy to the load and supply energy to the rechargeable battery; a voltage detector connected to said node and having a capability of providing said first control signal to said energy converter in response to detection of voltage at said node that is equal to or greater than said minimum threshold voltage level; and a load connected to said output terminal of said energy converter, said load further comprising: a logic controller, said logic controller being programable to deliver electric current supplied by said energy converter, and further being capable of sending a second control signal; a switch controller, said switch controller being capable of accepting a short period, high electrical current pulse, and further being capable of delivering said short period, high electrical current pulse to a controlled device; and an energy storage capacitor, said energy storage capacitor being capable of storing electric current delivered by said logic controller, and further being capable of receiving said second control signal from said logic controller, and upon receiving said second control signal, being capable of delivering multiple iterations of said short period, high electrical current pulse to said switch controller without a need to recharge between deliveries. 15. The solar power supply system of claim 14, wherein said short period, high electrical current pulse has a duration ranging from ten to several hundred milliseconds. 16. The solar power supply system of claim 15, wherein said short period, high electrical current pulse is supplied at a current of at least one ampere for the duration of the pulse. 17. The solar power supply system of claim 14, wherein said energy storage capacitor is capable of delivering at least four of said short period, high electrical current pulses without a need to recharge between deliveries. 18. The solar power supply system of claim 17, wherein said storage energy capacitor provides capacitance values ranging from 0.013 to 0.06 farads. 19. The solar power supply system of claim 18, wherein said storage energy capacitor has an equivalent series resistence rating ranging from 1 to 200 milliohms. 20. The solar power supply system of claim 19, wherein said storage energy capacitor carries a voltage of at least 4.5 volts. 21. The solar power supply system of claim 19, wherein said energy storage capacitor provides a capacitance value of 0.06 farads. 22. The solar power supply system of claim 21, wherein said energy storage capacitor has an equivalent series resistence of 0.2 ohms. 23. The solar power supply system of claim 22, wherein said energy storage capacitor carries a voltage of 5.5 volts. 24. A power supply system, comprising: an energy recharge source connected to a node, said energy recharge source having a capacity to produce electric energy, but at varying energy output levels that can decrease to be insufficient to power a load and then increase again; an energy device source connected to said node, said energy device source being capable of receiving and storing electric energy from said energy recharge source via said node at varying voltage levels and of delivering stored electric energy to said node at varying voltage levels; an energy converter that has an input terminal connected to said node and an output terminal that is connectable to the load, said energy converter being actuateable in response to a first control signal to convert electric energy of varying voltages from said node to electric energy of a constant voltage level at said outlet terminal for powering the load, and said energy converter having varying energy conversion efficiency levels that vary as a function of the varying voltage levels at said node, there being a minimum threshold voltage level at said node that corresponds with a minimum desired energy conversion efficiency level at which the energy recharge source can deliver energy to the load and supply energy to the energy storage source to recharge the energy storage source; a voltage detector connected to said node and having the capability of providing said control signal to said energy converter in response to detection of voltage that is equal to or greater than said minimum threshold voltage level; and a load connected to said output terminal of said energy converter, said load further comprising: a logic controller, said logic controller being programable to deliver electric current supplied by said energy converter, and further being capable of sending a second control signal; a switch controller, said switch controller being capable of accepting a short period, high electrical current pulse, and further being capable of delivering said short period, high electrical current pulse to a controlled device; and an energy storage capacitor, said energy storage capacitor being capable of storing electric current delivered by said logic controller, and further being capable of receiving said second control signal from said logic controller, and upon receiving said second control signal, being capable of delivering multiple iterations of said short period, high electrical current pulse to said switch controller without a need to recharge between deliveries. 25. The power supply system of claim 24, wherein said energy recharge source comprises a solar cell, panel, or array, and said varying energy output levels vary as a function of sunlight intensity incident on said solar cell, panel, or array. 26. The power supply system of claim 24, wherein said energy storage capacitor is capable of delivering said short period, high electrical current pulse of at least one ampere for a time of at least ten milliseconds at least two times without a need to recharge between deliveries. 27. The power supply system of claim 25, wherein said energy storage capacitor has a minimum capacitance value of 0.06 farads, a maximum equivalent series resistence of 0.2 ohms, and a voltage of 5.5 volts. 28. A method of switching short period high electrical current pulses that comprises a solar power source, a rechargeable energy storage source, a DC-DC voltage converter with its input connected at a common node to both the solar power source and the rechargeable energy storage source, and its output connected to a load comprising a logic controller, a switch controller, and an energy storage capacitor, said method comprising: exposing the solar power source to light energy to produce electric energy to said node while keeping said DC-DC voltage converter deactuated so that all of the electric energy produced by the solar power source flows into said rechargeable energy storage source and none of the electric energy flows to the load in order to build up voltage of said rechargeable energy storage source at said common node; monitoring voltage of said rechargeable energy storage source at said common node and, when the voltage of the rechargeable energy storage source rises to a minimum voltage threshold that corresponds to a minimum desired energy conversion efficiency capability of said DC-DC voltage converter, then actuating said DC-DC voltage converter to convert and deliver at least some of the electric energy available at said common node to said logic controller with said DC-DC voltage converter operating at or above said minimum desired energy conversion efficiency; delivering at least some of the electric energy available from said logic controller according to a programmed set of instructions to said energy storage capacitor in order to build up voltage of said energy storage capacitor; sending a signal from said logic controller to said energy storage capacitor triggering the release and delivery of at least some of the electric energy available from said energy storage capacitor to said switch controller utilizing the delivered electric energy from the energy storage capacitor to actuate said switch controller, which in turn, switches a controlled device from either an off to an on position or from an on to an off position; and repeating the process, whereby said logic controller sends a signal to said energy storage capacitor, triggering the release and delivery of at least some additional amount of the electric energy available from said energy storage capacitor to said switch controller, whereby said switch controller is actuated to switch said controlled device from either an off to an on position or from an on to an off position. 29. The method of claim 28, whereby the minimum number of switching operations before said energy storage capacitor requires recharging is four. 30. A method of providing power pulses to a controlled device, comprising: providing energy from a rechargeable battery to a DC-DC voltage converter and converting such energy to a constant voltage energy output only when the energy from the rechargeable battery is high enough for the DC-DC voltage converter to operate at or above a minimum desired energy conversion efficiency; charging an energy storage capacitor with energy from the DC-DC voltage converter; discharging energy from the energy storage capacitor in a sequence of pulses to the controlled device; recharging the energy storage device with energy from the DC-DC voltage converter after discharging a pulse of energy from the energy storage capacitor to the controlled device; and recharging the rechargeable battery with energy from an energy recharge source. 31. The method of claim 30, including recharging the rechargeable battery with energy from a solar panel that functions as the energy recharge source. 32. The method of claim 30, including controlling beginning and ending of the pulses of energy discharged from the energy storage capacitor with a switch controller interposed between the energy storage capacitor and the controlled device in response to signals from a logic controller that is power with energy that is output by the DC-DC voltage converter. 