Techniques for reducing or eliminating effects of noise on a wireless communication system are provided. In one aspect of the invention, the technique comprises monitoring noise attributable to an interference source that may affect one or more components of the wireless communication system. The interference source being monitored is distant from the wireless communication system to the degree that noise arrives at the wireless communication system within a substantially point source-like angular range. For example, the noise may be attributable to the sun or tropospheric ducting. The technique then comprises initiating one or more operations, as a function of the monitored noise, to reduce or eliminate the effects of the noise attributable to the distant interference source at one or more of the components of the wireless communication system that are determined to be affected by such noise.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method of at least reducing an effect of noise on a wireless communication system, the method comprising the steps of: monitoring noise attributable to an interference source that may affect one or more components of the wireless communication system, the interference source being distant from the wireless communication system to the degree that noise arrives at the wireless communication system within a substantially point source-like angular range; and performing at least one operation, as a function of the monitored noise, to at least reduce the effect of the noise attributable to the distant interference source at one or more of the components of the wireless communication system that are determined to be affected by the noise associated with the distant interference source. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein reducing the effect of the noise comprises at least one of mitigating and compensating for an impact on the wireless communication system which would otherwise have occurred if the at least one operation was not performed. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the noise monitoring step further comprises obtaining noise signals emitted by the distant interference source via one or more monitoring components deployed in association with the components of the wireless communication system. 4. The method of claim 3, wherein the one or more monitoring components are at least one of co-located and remotely located with respect to the components of the wireless communication system. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein the noise monitoring step further comprises obtaining noise signals emitted by the distant interference source via two or more of the components of the wireless communication system. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein the noise is attributable to at least one of the sun and tropospheric ducting. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein the at least one operation to at least reduce the effect of the noise associated with the distant interference source comprises implementing a handoff of one or more mobile user stations associated with a base station in the wireless communication system that is determined to be affected by the noise associated with the distant interference source to another base station in the wireless communication system that is determined to be at least less affected by the noise associated with the distant interference source. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein the at least one operation to at least reduce the effect of the noise associated with the distant interference source comprises instructing one or more mobile user stations participating in existing calls and associated with a base station in the wireless communication system that is determined to be affected by the noise associated with the distant interference source to reduce their respective transmit power levels. 9. The method of claim 1, wherein the at least one operation to at least reduce the effect of the noise associated with the distant interference source comprises warning users of the wireless communication system of the effects or potential effects of the noise associated with the distant interference source. 10. The method of claim 1, wherein the at least one operation to at least reduce the effect of the noise associated with the distant interference source comprises instructing one or more base stations to tolerate a higher frame error rate on sectors facing the distant interference source. 11. The method of claim 1, wherein the at least one operation to at least reduce the effect of the noise associated with the distant interference source comprises instructing one or more base stations to lengthen their dropped call timeout value to allow a mobile user station more time to move to another cell at least less affected by the noise associated with the distant interference source. 12. The method of claim 1, wherein the at least one operation to at least reduce the effect of the noise associated with the distant interference source comprises instructing one or more base stations to reduce the number of mobile users served by antennas facing the distant interference source by allowing fewer call initiations via those antennas. 13. The method of claim 1, wherein the at least one operation to at least reduce the effect of the noise associated with the distant interference source comprises applying the at least one operation to a cluster of base stations determined to be similarly affected by the noise associated with the distant interference source. 14. The method of claim 11, wherein at least one of the shape and size of the cluster of base stations is adapted based on the noise associated with the distant interference source. 15. The method of claim 1, wherein each base station in the wireless communication system is partitioned so as to have a predetermined set of angular bins and each base station is assigned to one of one or more clusters of base stations such that the affected coverage area and direction of the noise associated with the distant interference source is determined based on noise measurements calculated within the angular bins within each cluster. 16. The method of claim 1, wherein the at least one operation to at least reduce the effect of the noise associated with the distant interference source comprises instructing one or more base stations to minimize antenna gain in the direction of the distant interference source. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein the step of minimizing antenna gain in the direction of the distant interference source comprises measuring relative phases and gains at a base station by nulling out signals from other nearby base stations. 18. A method of at least reducing an effect of solar noise on a wireless communication system, the method comprising the steps of: monitoring solar noise that may affect one or more components of the wireless communication system; and performing at least one operation, as a function of the monitored solar noise, to at least reduce the effect of the solar noise at one or more of the components of the wireless communication system that are determined to be affected by the solar noise. 19. Apparatus for at least reducing an effect of noise on a wireless communication system, the apparatus comprising: at least one processor operative to: (i) monitor noise attributable to an interference source that may affect one or more components of the wireless communication system, the interference source being distant from the wireless communication system to the degree that noise arrives at the wireless communication system within a substantially point source-like angular range; and (ii) initiate at least one operation, as a function of the monitored noise, to at least reduce the effect of the noise attributable to the distant interference source at one or more of the components of the wireless communication system that are determined to be affected by the noise associated with the distant interference source. 20. The apparatus of claim 19, wherein reducing the effect of the noise comprises at least one of mitigating and compensating for an impact on the wireless communication system which would otherwise have occurred if the at least one operation was not performed. 21. The apparatus of claim 19, wherein the at least one processor is further operative to obtain noise signals emitted by the distant interference source via one or more monitoring components deployed in association with the components of the wireless communication system. 22. The apparatus of claim 21, wherein the one or more monitoring components are at least one of co-located and remotely located with respect to the components of the wireless communication system. 23. The apparatus of claim 19, wherein the at least one processor is further operative to obtain noise signals emitted by the distant interference source via two or more of the components of the wireless communication system. 24. The apparatus of claim 19, wherein the noise is attributable to at least one of the sun and tropospheric ducting. 25. The apparatus of claim 19, wherein the at least one operation to at least reduce the effect of the noise associated with the distant interference source comprises at least one of. implementing a handoff of one or more mobile user stations associated with a base station in the wireless communication system that is determined to be affected by the noise associated with the distant interference source to another base station in the wireless communication system that is determined to be at least less affected by the noise associated with the distant interference source; instructing one or more mobile user stations participating in existing calls and associated with a base station in the wireless communication system that is determined to be affected by the noise associated with the distant interference source to reduce their respective transmit power levels; warning users of the wireless communication system of the effects or potential effects of the noise associated with the distant interference source; instructing one or more base stations to tolerate a higher frame error rate on sectors facing the distant interference source; instructing one or more base stations to lengthen their dropped call timeout value to allow a mobile user station more time to move to another cell at least less affected by the noise associated with the distant interference source; instructing one or more base stations to reduce the number of mobile users served by antennas facing the distant interference source by allowing fewer call initiations via those antennas; applying the at least one operation to a cluster of base stations determined to be similarly affected by the noise associated with the distant interference source; each base station in the wireless communication system being partitioned so as to have a predetermined set of angular bins and each base station being assigned to one of one or more clusters of base stations such that the affected coverage area and direction of the noise associated with the distant interference source is determined based on noise measurements calculated within the angular bins within each cluster; and instructing one or more base stations to minimize antenna gain in the direction of the distant interference source. 26. The apparatus of claim 25, wherein at least one of the shape and size of the cluster of base stations is adapted based on the noise associated with the distant interference source. 27. The apparatus of claim 25, wherein minimizing antenna gain in the direction of the distant interference source comprises measuring relative phases and gains at a base station by nulling out signals from other nearby base stations. 28. Apparatus for at least reducing an effect of solar noise on a wireless communication system, the apparatus comprising: at least one processor operative to: (i) monitor solar noise that may affect one or more components of the wireless communication system; and (ii) initiate at least one operation, as a function of the monitored solar noise, to at least reduce the effect of the solar noise at one or more of the components of the wireless communication system that are determined to be affected by the solar noise. 29. A method of at least mitigating an effect of noise on a wireless communication system, the method comprising the steps of: monitoring noise attributable to a substantially point source-like interference source that may affect one or more components of the wireless communication system; and operating the wireless communication system, as a function of the monitored noise, to at least mitigate the effect of the noise. 30. Apparatus for at least mitigating an effect of noise on a wireless communication system, the apparatus comprising: means for monitoring noise attributable to a substantially point source-like interference source that may affect one or more components of the wireless communication system; and means for operating the wireless communication system, as a function of the monitored noise, to at least mitigate the effect of the noise. 