A wireless hub for use in an electric utility substation, said hub providing two-way wireless communications digital information between the hub and associated IEDs. The hub includes a protocol processor, a data processor and a Scada processor. The data processor exchanging two-way digital information with IEDs using protocols of said IEDs. The Scada processor exchanges two-way digital information with an external source having its own protocol, and the protocol processor converts two-way digital information between protocols of said IEDs and the protocol of an external source. The hub includes circuits that permit any one of the three processors to select either of the other two processors to exchange digital information with the chosen processor.
Claims I claim: 1. Apparatus for wireless communications of two-way digital information between a hub and IEDs comprising in combination: a) a first processor which exchanges two-way digital information with IEDs using protocols of said IEDs; b) a second processor which exchanges two-way digital information with an external source having its own protocol; c) a third processor which converts two-way digital information between protocols of said IEDs and the protocol of an external source; and d) communications circuits which permit any one of said three processors to select either of the other two processors and exchange digital information with the processor so chosen. 2. Apparatus as in claim 1 further comprising devices which provide two-way wireless digital communications between said hub and said IEDs and which are transparent to communications protocols. 3. Apparatus as in claim 1 further comprising circuits providing two-way digital communications between any one of said three processors and either of the other two of said processors. 4. Apparatus as in claim 1 further comprising a frequency determining device to provide a single clock for all of said three processors. 5. Apparatus as in claim 1 further comprising circuits that provide for exchange of synchronous serial information between any two of said three processors. 6. Apparatus as in claim 5 further comprising circuits that provide for blocking transmission from one of said three processors whenever the other two are communicating. 7. Apparatus as in claim 1 further comprising in combination: a) synchronous serial data transmitting and receiving ports for each of the three processors; b) common communications paths between said synchronous serial data transmitting and receiving ports of said three processors; c) two-way binary outputs from each of said three processors; d) a common connection between said two-way binary outputs of said three processors; e) program means for a first of said three processors to select one of the other two processors to receive data; f) program means for said first of said processors to bring said common connection between binary outputs to a level which blocks data transmissions from by a second of three processors that was not selected to receive data; and g) program means for said first processor to release said common connection between binary outputs when the data exchange is complete. 8. Apparatus as in claim 1 further comprising banks of memory in said second processor having files identified with each of said IEDs so as to convert said data from the form of the IED to generic form or from generic form to form of the identified IED as required dependent on direction of flow of messages. 9. Apparatus as in claim 8 further comprising in combination: a) a configuration port for said hub for initiating and updating said files identified with each of said IEDs; and b) programs for computers usable for entering said initiating and updating information through said configuration port. 10. Apparatus as in claim 1 further comprising in combination: a) a configuration port for said hub; b) program means in each of said three processors to selectively accept communications obtained through said configuration port; 11. Apparatus as in claim 2 further comprising in combination: a) inner enclosures for said first, second and third processors; b) battery means for powering said processors; c) solar cells for charging said battery means; d) a directional antenna for said two-way wireless digital communications device; e) an outer enclosure for mechanically combining said inner enclosure, said battery, said solar cell and said directional antenna; and f) pole or other mounting structure for supporting said outer enclosure. 12. A method for wirelessly communicating two-way digital information between a hub and IEDs the method comprising in combination: a) communicating between said hub and said IEDs using protocols of each said IED; b) communicating two-way digital information between said hub and an external source having its own protocol; and c) converting two-way digital information between said IED protocols and said protocol of an external source. 13. A method as in claim 12 further including the steps of: a) communicating with said IEDs using a first microprocessor; b) communicating with said external source using a second processor; c) converting between protocols for said IEDs and protocols for said external source using a third processor; and d) enabling any one of said three processors to select one of the other two processors to exchange digital information with the processor so chosen. 14. A method as in claim 12 further including the step of using devices which provide two-way wireless digital communications between said hub and said IEDs which are transparent to communications protocols. 15. A method as in claim 12 further including the step of providing two-way digital communications between any one of said three processors and either of the other two of said processors. 16. A method as in claim 13 further including the step of operating said three microprocessors at the same clock frequency. 17. A method as in claim 16 further including the step of using synchronous serial communications between any two of said three microprocessors. 18. A method as in claim 17 further including the step of blocking transmissions from one of said three microprocessors when the other two are communicating. 19. A method as in claim 12 further including the step of: a) storing information identified with each of said IEDs so as to convert digital information from the form of the IED to generic form or from generic form to form of the identified IED as required dependent on direction of flow of messages; and b) converting generic digital information to the form required by the protocol of an external source. 20. A method as in claim 19 further including the steps of: a) providing a configuration port for said hub; b) programming each of said three processors to selectively accept communications obtained through said configuration port, 21. A method as in claim 20 further including the steps of: a) using said configuration port for initiating and updating said files identified with each of said IEDs, and b) using said configuration port for initiating and updating information for converting generic digital information to the form required by the protocol of an external source. 22. A method as in claim 21 further including the step of providing programs for computers usable for entering said initiating and updating information through said configuration port. 