A retaining substrate for mounting a semiconductor element thereon, having a circuit pattern for said semiconductor element, characterized in that said substrate comprises an insulative material, said substrate has a surface configuration having a cross section comprising (a) an uneven shaped portion and (b) a concave shaped portion which are arranged in tandem wherein a surface of said uneven shaped portion (a) makes a bottom face of said concave portion (b), and said uneven shaped portion (a) has a structure in that (a-i) an insulative convex shaped portion and (a-ii) an insulative concave shaped portion are alternately arranged so as to neighbor with each other, and said circuit pattern is provided in said concave shaped portion (a-ii) of said uneven shaped portion (a).
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A retaining substrate for mounting a semiconductor element thereon, having a circuit pattern for said semiconductor element, characterized in that said substrate comprises an insulative material, said substrate has a surface configuration having a cross section comprising (a) an uneven shaped portion and (b) a concave shaped portion which are arranged in tandem wherein a surface of said uneven shaped portion (a) makes a bottom face of said concave portion (b), and said uneven shaped portion (a) has a structure in that (a-i) an insulative convex shaped portion and (a-ii) an insulative concave shaped portion are alternately arranged so as to neighbor with each other, and said circuit pattern is provided in said concave shaped portion (a-ii) of said uneven shaped portion (a). 2. A retaining substrate according to claim 1, wherein the semiconductor element has an electrode, and said electrode is arranged in the concave shaped portion (a-ii) of the uneven shaped portion (a) to situate on and close-contact with the circuit pattern provided in the concave shaped portion (a-ii) while the electrode being electrically connected with the circuit pattern. 3. A retaining substrate according to claim 1, wherein the semiconductor element is arranged in the concave shaped portion (b) and the semiconductor element is close-contacted with an insulative portion of the insulative convex shaped portion (a-i) of the uneven shaped portion (a). 4. A retaining substrate according to claim 1, wherein the semiconductor element has an electrode, said electrode of the semiconductor element is arranged in the concave shaped portion (a-ii) of the uneven shaped portion (a) to situate on and close-contact with the circuit pattern provided in the concave shaped portion (a-ii) while the electrode being electrically connected with the circuit pattern, the semiconductor element is arranged in the concave shaped portion (b) and the semiconductor element is close-contacted with an insulative portion of the insulative convex shaped portion (a-i) of the uneven shaped portion (a). 5. A retaining substrate according to claim 1, wherein said retaining substrate has excellent heat-radiating function. 6. A retaining substrate according to claim 1, wherein said retaining substrate has no resist thereon. 7. A retaining substrate according to claim 1, wherein the semiconductor element is a photovoltaic element. 8. A semiconductor device comprising an insulative substrate and a semiconductor element provided on said substrate, said semiconductor element having an electrode, characterized in that said substrate has an uneven shaped portion (a) in that an insulative convex shaped portion (a-i) and an isulative concave shaped portion (a-ii) are alternately arranged so as to neighbor with each other at a lower portion thereof and has a concave shaped portion (b) situated above said uneven shaped portion (a), a circuit pattern for said semiconductor element and said electrode of said semiconductor element are arranged in this order in said insulative concave shaped portion (a-ii) of said uneven shaped portion (a) such that said circuit pattern and said electrode are close-contacted with each other while being electrically connected with each other, and said semiconductor element is arranged in said concave shaped portion (b) situated above said uneven shaped portion (a) while being close-contacted with said insulative convex shaped portion (a-i) of said uneven shaped portion (a) and while being close-contacted with the substrate body. 9. A semiconductor device according to claim 8, wherein the semiconductor element is a photovoltaic element. 