The device is meant to move the solar protection means from a first position, among at least two predetermined positions, toward a second position to adapt to a variation in sunshine. It comprises a logic (6) which breaks down movement from the first to the second position into a minimum of two steps separated by a time interval (T1). A command (STOP) activated by a user during said interval (T1) activates the following step and reduces the interval by a fraction. The activation of an order after the interval (T1) and during the operation of the following step increases the interval (T1) by a fraction. The control device is in this way capable of adapting to the behavior of the user.
Claims 1. A control device for a motorized solar protection means, assuring the movement of the solar protection means from a first position, among at least two positions, towards a second position to suit a variation is sunshine, characterized in that the control device comprises a logic (6) breaking down the movement from the first and the second position into at least two steps separated by a time interval (T1) and capable of modifying a fraction of the interval (T1), and a stopping means (STOP), the actuation of which during said interval (T1) activates a following step and reduces the said interval by a fraction and the actuation of which after the said interval and during the operation of the following step, increases the said interval by a fraction. 2. The device according to claim 1, characterized in that the logic (6) is designed, and respectively programmed, in such a manner that movement in at least two steps is ordered only when the variation in intensity of the sun changes its direction from that of a monotone variation due to the singular course of the sun. 3. The device according to claim 1, of which the logic comprises a memory in which is stored in stages a positioning function (P=f (E)) of a solar protection means as a function of the intensity of sunshine and comprising a voluntary control means (8) essentially having positioning priority in the solar protection means, characterized in that the positioning logic is capable of modifying in stages the positioning function stored in response to a manually-introduced positioning order, the logic not responding in all cases to such order if this order is given outside the said interval (T1). 4. The device according to claim 3, characterized in that the voluntary control means are control keys for activating an ascent-descent function of the solar protection means. 5. The device according to claim 3, characterized in that the logic comprises a command interpreter (1) for powering a motor, the command interpreter monitoring the positions of the solar protection means and the said interval (T1) and executing manual positioning orders, a course interpreter (2) having as a purpose learning the course of the step actuator for each cycle of the ascent-descent function and delivering to the command interpreter the minimum and maximum position of the solar protection means, a position estimator (4) tasked with calculating the assumed position of different movement requests furnished by the command interpreter to the motor, between the minimum position (P1) and the maximum position (P16), and of communicating to the command interpreter the different estimated positions of the positioning function, at least one decision block (6) which is associated with a solar panel (5), the decision block also allowing output positions, each having an associated output, which are foreseen in the positioning function, the said outputs being connected to the command interpreter and a training block (7) associated with the decision block, the training block being tasked with progressive modification of the positioning function each time that the user manually intervenes. 6. The device according to claim 5, characterized in that the device comprises a date and time recording means (9, 10) for the introduction of date and time information in the decision block and in that the decision block is designed in such a manner to modify the positioning function as a function of the amount of sunshine and the date and time, these variables being divided in predetermined portions into a series of discrete levels. 7. The device according to claim 5, characterized in that the device comprises several decision blocks and a decision block selector (1). 8. The device according to claim 7, characterized in that the device comprises a date and time recording means (9, 10) for the introduction of date and time information in the decision block and in that the decision block is designed in such a manner to modify the positioning function as a function of the amount of sunshine and the date and time, these variables being divided in predetermined portions into a series of discrete levels. 9. The device according to claim 1, characterized in that the means by which the activation has as an effect the reduction or increase of said interval (T1) is through a stop control key (STOP) of the solar protection means. 