A method for manufacturing a semiconductor film includes a step of preparing a first member including a semiconductor substrate, a semiconductor layer, and a separation layer provided between the semiconductor substrate and the semiconductor layer, a step of bonding or attracting a second member which is hardly heated by induction heating, onto the semiconductor layer of the first member, and a step of separating the semiconductor layer from the semiconductor substrate at the separation layer by heating the semiconductor substrate by induction heating.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for manufacturing a semiconductor film, comprising the steps of: preparing a first member including a semiconductor substrate, a semiconductor layer, and a separation layer provided between the semiconductor substrate and the semiconductor layer; bonding or attracting a second member which is hardly heated by induction heating, onto the semiconductor layer of the first member; and separating the semiconductor layer from the semiconductor substrate at the separation layer by heating the semiconductor substrate by induction heating. 2. A method according to claim 1, wherein said step for preparing the first member comprises a step of forming a porous silicon layer, serving as a separation layer, by anodizing a surface of a nonporous silicon substrate, and a step of forming a nonporous silicon layer on the porous silicon layer according to epitaxial growth. 3. A method according to claim 1, wherein said step for preparing the first member comprises a step of forming an ion-implanted layer, serving as a separation layer, except for a silicon layer where ions are not implanted on a surface thereof, by implanting at least one type of ions selected from hydrogen, nitrogen and helium to a predetermined depth from a surface of a silicon substrate. 4. A method according to claim 3, wherein said step for preparing the first member further comprises a step of forming a protective film on the surface of the silicon substrate before implanting the ions. 5. A method according to claim 1, wherein said step of heating the semiconductor substrate by induction heating comprises a step of mounting the bonded or attracted first and second members on an induction-heating mount around which a coil is wound, and causing a current to flow in the semiconductor substrate by supplying the coil with a high-frequency current. 6. A method according to claim 1, further comprising a step of forming slits in the separation layer before heating the semiconductor substrate by induction heating. 7. A method according to claim 1, wherein, in said step of heating the semiconductor substrate by induction heating, a tensile force, a compressive force or a shearing force is simultaneously applied to the separation layer. 8. A method according to claim 1, wherein, in said step of heating the semiconductor substrate by induction heating, a pressure or a hydrostatic pressure by a fluid is simultaneously applied to the separation layer. 9. A method according to claim 1, wherein, in said step of heating the semiconductor substrate by induction heating, the second member is simultaneously cooled. 10. A method according to claim 1, further comprising a step of removing a residue of the separation layer remaining on the semiconductor layer according to etching, after separating the semiconductor layer. 11. A method according to claim 1, further comprising a step of reutilizing a remaining semiconductor substrate for preparing another first member, after separating the semiconductor layer. 12. A method according to claim 11, further comprising a step of removing a residue of the separation layer remaining on the semiconductor substrate according to etching, before reutilizing the semiconductor substrate. 13. A method for manufacturing a semiconductor film comprising the steps of: preparing a first member including a semiconductor substrate, a semiconductor layer, and a separation layer provided between the semiconductor substrate and the semiconductor layer; bonding or attracting a second member whose resistivity is higher than a resistivity of the semiconductor substrate, onto the semiconductor layer of the first member; and separating the semiconductor layer from the semiconductor substrate at the separation layer by heating the semiconductor substrate by induction heating. 14. A method according to claim 13, wherein said step for preparing the first member comprises a step of forming a porous silicon layer, serving as a separation layer, by anodizing a surface of a nonporous silicon substrate, and a step of forming a nonporous silicon layer on the porous silicon layer according to epitaxial growth. 15. A method according to claim 13, wherein said step for preparing the first member comprises a step of forming an ion-implanted layer, serving as a separation layer, except for a silicon layer where ions are not implanted on a surface thereof, by implanting at least one type of ions selected from hydrogen, nitrogen and helium to a predetermined depth from a surface of a silicon substrate. 16. A method according to claim 15, wherein said step for preparing the first member further comprises a step of forming a protective film on the surface of the silicon substrate before implanting the ions. 17. A method according to claim 13, wherein said step of heating the semiconductor substrate by induction heating comprises a step of mounting the bonded or attracted first and second members on an induction-heating mount around which a coil is wound, and causing a current to flow in the semiconductor substrate by supplying the coil with a high-frequency current. 18. A method according to claim 13, further comprising a step of forming slits in the separation layer before heating the semiconductor substrate by induction heating. 19. A method according to claim 13, wherein, in said step of heating the semiconductor substrate by induction heating, a tensile force, a compressive force or a shearing force is simultaneously applied to the separation layer. 20. A method according to claim 13, wherein, in said step of heating the semiconductor substrate by induction heating, a pressure or a hydrostatic pressure by a fluid is simultaneously applied to the separation layer. 21. A method according to claim 13, wherein, in said step of heating the semiconductor substrate by induction heating, the second member is simultaneously cooled. 22. A method according to claim 13, further comprising a step of removing a residue of the separation layer remaining on the semiconductor layer according to etching, after separating the semiconductor layer. 23. A method according to claim 13, further comprising a step of reutilizing a remaining semiconductor substrate for preparing another first member, after separating the semiconductor layer. 24. A method according to claim 23, further comprising a step of removing a residue of the separation layer remaining on the semiconductor substrate according to etching, before reutilizing the semiconductor substrate. 25. A method for manufacturing a semiconductor film comprising the steps of: preparing a first member including a semiconductor substrate, a semiconductor layer whose resistivity is higher than a resistivity of the semiconductor substrate, and a separation layer provided between the semiconductor substrate and the semiconductor layer; and separating the semiconductor layer from the semiconductor substrate at the separation layer by heating the first member by induction heating. 26. A method according to claim 25, further comprising a step of bonding or attracting a second member which is hardly heated by induction heating, onto the semiconductor layer of the first member, before heating the first member by induction heating. 27. A method according to claim 25, further comprising a step of bonding or attracting a second member whose resistivity is higher than a resistivity of the first member, onto the semiconductor layer of the first member, before heating the first member by induction heating. 28. A method according to claim 25, wherein the resistivity of the semiconductor layer is at least 10 times the resistivity of the semiconductor substrate. 29. A method according to claim 25, wherein the resistivity of the semiconductor layer is at least 1 .OMEGA..multidot.cm, and the resistivity of the semiconductor substrate is equal to or less than 0.1 .OMEGA..multidot.cm. 30. A method according to claim 25, wherein said step for preparing the first member comprises a step of forming a porous silicon layer, serving as a separation layer, by anodizing a surface of a p.sup.+-type nonporous silicon substrate, and a step of forming a p.sup.--type nonporous silicon layer on the porous silicon layer according to epitaxial growth. 31. A method according to claim 25, wherein said step for preparing the first member comprises a step of forming a p.sup.--type silicon layer on a p.sup.+-type silicon substrate according to epitaxial growth, and forming an ion-implanted layer, serving as a separation layer, except for a p.sup.--type silicon layer where ions are not implanted on a surface thereof, by implanting at least one type of ions selected from hydrogen, nitrogen and helium to a predetermined depth from a surface of the p -type silicon layer. 32. A method according to claim 31, wherein said step of preparing the first member further comprises a step of forming a protective film on the surface of the p.sup.--type silicon layer before implanting the ions. 33. A method according to claim 25, wherein said step of heating the semiconductor substrate by induction heating comprises a step of mounting the first member on an induction-heating mount around which a coil is wound, and causing a current to flow in the semiconductor substrate by supplying the coil with a high-frequency current. 34. A method according to claim 25, further comprising a step of forming slits in the separation layer before heating the first member by induction heating. 35. A method according to claim 25, wherein, in said step of heating the first member by induction heating, a tensile force, a compressive force or a shearing force is simultaneously applied to the separation layer. 36. A method according to claim 25, wherein, in said step of heating the first member by induction heating, a pressure or a hydrostatic pressure by a fluid is simultaneously applied to the separation layer. 37. A method according to claim 25, further comprising a step of removing a residue of the separation layer remaining on the semiconductor layer according to etching, after separating the semiconductor layer. 38. A method according to claim 25, further comprising a step of reutilizing a remaining semiconductor substrate for preparing another first member, after separating the semiconductor layer. 39. A method according to claim 38, further comprising a step of removing a residue of the separation layer remaining on the semiconductor substrate according to etching, before reutilizing the semiconductor substrate. 40. A method for manufacturing a solar cell comprising the steps of: forming a porous silicon layer by anodizing a surface of a p.sup.+-type nonporous silicon substrate; sequentially forming a p.sup.--type nonporous silicon layer and an n.sup.+-type nonporous silicon layer on the porous silicon layer according to epitaxial growth; attracting an attraction mount which is hardly heated by induction heating, on the n.sup.+-type nonporous silicon layer; separating the p.sup.--type and n.sup.+-type nonporous silicon layers from the p.sup.+-type nonporous silicon substrate at the porous silicon layer by heating the p.sup.+-type nonporous silicon substrate by induction heating; and forming electrodes on the separated p.sup.--type and n.sup.+-type nonporous silicon layers. 41. A method according to claim 40, wherein said step of heating the p.sup.+-type nonporous silicon substrate by induction heating comprises a step of mounting the p.sup.+-type nonporous silicon substrate attracted on the attraction mount on an induction-heating mount around which a coil is wound, and causing a current to flow in the p.sup.+-type nonporous silicon substrate by supplying the coil with a high-frequency current. 42. A method according to claim 41, wherein, in said step of heating the p.sup.+-type nonporous silicon substrate by induction heating, the attraction mount is simultaneously cooled. 43. A method according to claim 40, further comprising a step of removing a residue of the porous silicon layer remaining on the p.sup.--type nonporous silicon layer, before forming electrodes after separating the p.sup.--type and n.sup.+-type nonporous silicon layers from the p.sup.+-type nonporous silicon substrate. 44. A method according to claim 40, wherein said step of forming the electrodes comprises a step of performing heat welding of a surface of the p.sup.--type nonporous silicon layer onto an aluminum plate and simultaneously forming a p.sup.+-type nonporous silicon layer by diffusing aluminum into the p.sup.--type nonporous silicon layer, and a step of forming collecting electrodes on the surface of the n.sup.+-type nonporous silicon layer. 45. A method according to claim 44, further comprising a step of forming an antireflection layer on the n.sup.+-type nonporous silicon layer on which the collecting electrodes are formed. 46. A method according to claim 40, wherein the p.sup.--type and n.sup.+-type nonporous silicon layers are formed according to liquid deposition. 47. A method according to claim 40, further comprising a step of reutilizing a remaining p.sup.+-type nonporous silicon substrate for manufacturing another solar cell, after separating the p.sup.--type and n.sup.+-type nonporous silicon layers. 48. A method according to claim 47, further comprising a step of removing a residue of the porous silicon layer remaining on the p.sup.+-type nonporous silicon substrate, before reutilizing the p.sup.+-type nonporous silicon substrate. 49. A method for manufacturing an SOI (silicon-on-insulator) substrate comprising the steps of: forming a porous silicon layer by anodizing a surface of a p.sup.+-type nonporous silicon substrate; forming a p.sup.--type nonporous silicon layer on the porous silicon layer according to epitaxial growth; forming a silicon-oxide layer on the surface of the p.sup.--type nonporous silicon layer; forming a multilayer structure by bonding another nonporous silicon substrate on a surface of the silicon-oxide layer; and separating the p.sup.--type nonporous silicon layer from the p.sup.+-type nonporous silicon substrate at the porous silicon layer by heating the multilayer structure by induction heating. 50. A method according to claim 49, further comprising a step of attracting an attraction mount which is hardly heated by induction heating onto the multilayer structure, before heating the multilayer structure by induction heating. 51. A method according to claim 50, wherein, in said step of heating the multilayer structure by induction heating, the attraction mount is simultaneously cooled. 52. A method according to claim 49, wherein said step of heating the multilayer structure by induction heating comprises a step of mounting the multilayer structure on an induction-heating mount around which a coil is wound, and causing a current to flow in the p.sup.+-type nonporous silicon substrate by supplying the coil with a high-frequency current. 53. A method according to claim 49, further comprising a step of removing a residue of the porous silicon layer remaining on the p.sup.--type nonporous silicon layer by etching, after separating the p.sup.-type nonporous silicon layer from the p.sup.+-type nonporous silicon substrate. 54. A method according to claim 53, further comprising a step of smoothing the surface of the p.sup.--type nonporous silicon layer by performing annealing in a reductive-gas atmosphere after removing the residue of the porous silicon layer. 55. A method according to claim 49, further comprising a step of performing thermal oxidation of inner walls of the porous silicon layer before forming the p.sup.--type nonporous silicon layer on the porous silicon layer according to epitaxial growth, and a step of smoothing the surface of the porous silicon layer by performing heat treatment in a hydrogen atmosphere. 56. A method according to claim 49, wherein the p.sup.--type nonporous silicon layer is formed according to chemical vapor deposition (CVD). 57. A method according to claim 49, further comprising a step of reutilizing a remaining p.sup.+-type nonporous silicon substrate for manufacturing another SOI substrate, after separating the p-type nonporous silicon layer. 58. A method according to claim 57, further comprising a step of removing a residue of the porous silicon layer remaining on the p.sup.+-type nonporous silicon substrate, before reutilizing the p.sup.+-type nonporous silicon substrate. 