The innovation concerns an apparatus for heat treatment of portions of milk and other liquid foods for bottle-fed infants. The heat treatment seeks by means of a pasteurization-like process to remove all risk of infection or disease transmission due to bacteria, viruses, protozoa or metazoa contained in the food concerned. The novelty of the innovation is that the apparatus is designed for combined heat treatment of the bottle and the food portion, i.e. with the food portion placed in the bottle, enabling the feeding of the food portion concerned to take place directly following the heat treatment, at least without prior pouring or tapping off of the content into another container. The bottle is thus disinfected or sterilized together with its content so that any kind of transmission of disease during the feeding is eliminated. A specific use for the apparatus is the prevention of HIV transmission from mother to child via breast milk, as experiments have shown that heat treatment of breast milk at 62 degrees C. for approximately 30 minutes destroys the human immunodeficiency virus.
Claims 1. Apparatus for heat treatment of portions of milk and other liquid foods for, in particular, bottle-fed infants, where the heat treatment seeks, by pasteurisation or sterilisation, to remove all risk of infection or disease transmission due to bacteria, viruses, protozoa or metazoa contained in the food concerned, characterised by the apparatus being designed for combined heat treatment of the bottle (S) and the food portion, i.e. with the food portion placed in the bottle, enabling the feeding of the food portion concerned to take place directly following the heat treatment, at least without prior pouring or tapping off of the content into another container. 2. Apparatus in accordance with claim 1 characterised by comprising an upwardly open heat chamber in the form of a receptacle (1) with water bath for a bottle (S), an electric heating element (8) positioned in conjunction with the said heat chamber (1), a thermally insulated external housing (2) into which the heat chamber is fitted, a thermally insulated lid (4) for placing over the heat chamber, and an electronic heating controller (7) with a temperature sensor (9) mounted in thermal contact with the heat chamber. 3. Apparatus in accordance with claim 1 or 2 characterised by the heating element (8) and the controller (7) being designed for 12 V d.c., and by the heating controller comprising in addition to the temperature controller a timer function for controlling processing time. 4. Apparatus in accordance with claim 1, 2 or 3 characterised by being powered by solar cells, either directly or via a battery charged by means of solar cells. 5. Apparatus in accordance with claim 4 characterised by having a power supply system that in addition to a solar cell panel comprises a converter for the conversion of available mains voltage (for example 220 V a.c.) to 12 V d.c. operating voltage, a 12 V battery of capacity of the order of 30-60 ampere-hours, and a power supply lead with a plug to fit a car cigar-lighter socket. 6. Apparatus in accordance with claim 1 characterised by the controller (7) being based on a programmable microprocessor which comprises a heating control function, a timer function, and a function for monitoring the power supplied to the heating element (8), such that the program causes the timer to be triggered when a certain lowest working current to the heating element is registered, and such that the set process temperature is kept constant for a pre-determined processing time after the registering of this state of equilibrium, whereupon completion of the heat treatment is signalled by acoustic and/or visual means. 7. Apparatus in accordance with claim 6 characterised by being equipped with a manual switch (push-button (24) or similar) whereby the timer function can be reset when a new bottle (S) is inserted into the apparatus for heat treatment. 8. Apparatus in accordance with claims 6 and 7 where its principal use is HIV transmission prevention by heat treatment of breast milk, characterised by the said microprocessor being programmed to a process temperature of 62 degrees C. and a processing time of approximately 30 minutes at that temperature. 9. Apparatus in accordance with claim 1 characterised by having built-in batteries, for example of the Ni-Cad type, and these batteries being connected in series in order to obtain a total operating voltage of approximately 12 V d.c. 