Self sufficient electronic system for monitoring and continuous surveillance of steam traps, valves and installations using fluids. The system comprises three essential elements: a multi sensor, an electronic analyzer and an optional receiver. The sensor measures fluid conductivity, pressure and temperature. The electronic analyzer continuously controls the status (pressure, temperature) and conductivity of fluid, supplying optical, acoustic and digital information, in situ or from a remote point, in accordance with the results of analysis carried out. The receiver centralizes and processes the signals emitted by the analyzer. The analyzer electronic circuits are fed by batteries recharged through photovoltaic cells incorporated in the equipment. The multiple probe also incorporates an ultrasonic sensor which detects ultrasounds generated in the steam trap or valve. The analyzer and the remote receiver also add the corresponding electronic circuits for a continuous surveillance of ultrasounds level. This system may be applied to the continuous surveillance and control of steam leaks and, generally, to control fluid flow in any installation. The system can solve the problem of automatic inspection and continuous monitoring of energy losses in steam traps, without human attention. It substantially reduces power consumption by detecting steam losses simultaneously and instantly at all points of installation.
Claims It is claimed as a new and my own invention, the property and exclusive rights for exploitation of: 1. SELF-SUFFICIENT ELECTRONIC SYSTEM FOR INSTANT MONITORING OF STEAM TRAPS, VALVES AND INSTALLATIONS, which is characterized by the following elements: a multiple sensor or several single sensors for sensing temperature, pressure, conductivity and ultrasound a body housing (1) for the sensor, the body having connection means for connecting the body to a pipe, valve or steam trap an electronic analyzer (2) mounted to the body the analyzer comprises a battery system and photovoltaic cells for charging the battery system, electronic analysis and control circuits for warning and control of pressure, temperature, conductivity and ultrasound in real time, and an optical and/or acoustic and/or numeric information indicator and emitter system 2. SELF-SUFFICIENT ELECTRONIC SYSTEM FOR INSTANT AND REMOTE MONITORING OF STEAM TRAPS, VALVES AND INSTALLATIONS, in accordance with claim 1, including a receiver (3) for remote wireless collection, analysis and treatment of the information provided by electronic analyzer. 