Briefcase respectively carrying case for electronic devices or documents having a housing comprising a storage compartment arranged in the housing for storing at least one paper document, electronic device or object, at least one loudspeaker for reproduction of audio frequencies, which is mounted in either an outer or inner wall of the housing, wherein, when the document or electronic device is removed, the storage compartment may be used as loudspeaker enclosure for said at least one loudspeaker for reproduction of low frequencies.
Claims 1. Briefcase respectively carrying case (1) for electronic devices or documents having a housing (2) comprising a storage compartment (3) arranged in the housing (2) for storing at least one paper document, electronic device or object, at least one loudspeaker (4) for reproduction of audio frequencies, which is mounted in either an outer or inner wall of the housing (2), characterized in that, when the document or electronic device is removed, the storage compartment (3) may be used as loudspeaker enclosure for said at least one loudspeaker (4) for reproduction of low frequencies. 2. Briefcase according to claim 1, characterized in that the housing (2) and in particular the outer walls are manufactured of a material that has a high modulus of elasticity in shear and at the same time a high damping. 3. Briefcase according to claim 1, characterized in that the housing of the briefcase comprises two matable shells, which are relatively stiff and at the same time are of lightweight and which are connected by means of a hinge. 4. Briefcase according to claim 3, characterized in that the hinge is separable. 5. Briefcase according to claim 3, characterized in that each shell is provided with an additional inner wall (5). 6. Briefcase according to claim 5, characterized in that the inner wall is arranged as a lid which can be opened and closed. 7. Briefcase according to claim 6, characterized in that the inner wall is arranged as a lid in the form of a top with a deep bottom. 8. Briefcase according to claim 1, characterized in that the storage compartment, respectively the resonance chamber is lined with a padding, which on the one hand, protects the items, respectively paper documents or electronic devices placed in the storage compartment during transportation and which, on the other hand, causes a preferred damping of the acoustic waves of the loudspeaker. 9. Briefcase according to claim 1, characterized in that the walls of the housing utilize a multi-layered construction consisting of at least one outer layer of material with a maximum thickness of 4 mm and a high modulus of elasticity in shear and at least one inner layer of a material with a minimum thickness of 4 mm and a high modulus of elasticity in shear, a high damping and a low density. 10. Briefcase according to claim 1, characterized in that the walls of the housing utilize a multi-layered construction consisting of at least one first layer comprising a material with a maximum thickness of 4 mm and a high modulus of elasticity in shear, and of at least a second inner layer of material with a minimum thickness of 4 mm and a high modulus of elasiticity in shear, a high damping and low density, and of a third layer of material with a maximum thickness of 4 mm and a high modulus of elasticity in shear. 11. Briefcase according to claim 1, characterized in that the walls of the housing utilize a multi-layered construction consisting of at least one first layer comprising a material with a maximum thickness of 4 mm and a high modulus of elasticity in shear, and of at least a second inner layer of material with a minimum thickness of 4 mm and a high modulus of elasiticity in shear, a high damping and low density, and of a third layer of material with a maximum thickness of 4 mm and a high modulus of elasticity in shear, at least one of said layers utilizing one or more materials with anisotropic load-bearing characteristics. 12. Briefcase according to claim 1, characterized in that the interior of the briefcase, such as storage compartment lid with spring latches and elastic gaskets serve together as passive loudspeaker membranes respectively as passive loudspeaker membrane suspensions for a passive/radiator loudspeaker enclosure design. 13. Briefcase according to claim 1, characterized in that the housing comprises an acoustic damping material of at least 4 mm thickness on the inside of the interior compartments. 14. Briefcase according to claim 1, characterized in that the briefcase comprises an electrical amplifier means for increasing and controlling the loudness of the audio signal provided to the loudspeaker. 15. Briefcase according to claim 1, characterized in that a volume control potentiometer is provided. 16. Briefcase according to claim 1, characterized in that interface means for connections are provided. 17. Briefcase according to claim 14, characterized in that the interface means for connections comprise a loudspeaker connection or a microphone connection. 18. Briefcase according to claim 1, characterized in that it further comprises an energy source in the form of a battery, which may be rechargeable or which may be attached to an external power source, such as an automotive battery, airplane power supply or solar cell power supply. 19. Briefcase according to claim 14, characterized in that the interface means for connections comprise a connection for an external power source, such as an automotive battery, airplane power supply or solar cell power supply. 20. Briefcase according to claim 14, characterized in that the interface means for connections comprise means for sending and receiving analog and digital signals by means of radio or infrared frequency. 21. Briefcase according to claim 14, characterized in that the interface means for connections comprise means for connecting a remote control, which receives signals either by means of radio or by means of infrared frequency. 22. Briefcase according to claim 1, characterized in that the housing may also comprise mounting means in order to mount the speaker either to a stand or to the wall. 