A solar-powered light assembly comprising at least one light-emitting diode (LED) powered by a rechargeable battery, a solar panel to recharge the battery and to sense light levels, and control circuitry to monitor the rechargeable battery at intervals. At the start of an interval, preferably, the transition from night to day, the control circuitry sets the at least one LED to output light at a pre-determined level based on the battery voltage at the start of said interval. This control scheme is used to adjust the LED output to the available solar illumination recharging the battery to ensure reliable and efficient operation.
Claims We claim: 1. A solar-powered light assembly comprising: at least one light-emitting diode (LED) powered by a rechargeable battery; a solar panel to recharge the battery and to sense light levels; and control circuitry to monitor the rechargeable battery at intervals and, at the start of an interval, set the at least one LED to output light at a pre-determined level based on the battery voltage at the start of said interval. 2. Apparatus as claimed in claim 1 in which the control circuitry monitors the rechargeable battery at intervals corresponding to the transition from night to day. 3. Apparatus as claimed in claim 1 in which the control circuitry activates the at least one LED to output at the pre-determined level only when the ambient light is below a pre-set level. 4. Apparatus as claimed in claim 1 in which: the control circuitry measures and records the battery voltage at the start of an interval and compares the measured voltage from a current interval with the stored voltage from a previous interval; increases the output level of the at least one LED by a predetermined amount, unless a maximum output level is already set, if the measured battery voltage is greater by a pre-determined amount than the stored battery voltage; decreases the output level of the at least one LED by a predetermined amount, unless a minimum output level is already set, if the measured battery voltage is less by a pre-determined amount than the stored battery voltage; and maintains the output level of the at least one LED if the measured battery voltage is the same as the stored battery voltage within a pre-determined range. 5. Apparatus as claimed in claim 1 in which the control circuitry provides a constant current from the battery to stabilise the light output of the at least one LED. 6. Apparatus as claimed in claim 1 in which the control circuitry activates the at least one LED to output light in pulses according to one or more flash patterns. 7. Apparatus as claimed in claim 6 in which the control circuitry communicates with a remote control sensor to permit remote changing of the flash pattern of the at least one LED. 8. Apparatus as claimed in claim 1 including a remote control receiver to permit remote control of the light assembly. 9. Apparatus as claimed in claim 8 in which the remote control receiver is an infrared sensor. 10. Apparatus as claimed in claim 8 in which the remote control receiver is a radio frequency sensor. 11. Apparatus as claimed in claim 1 in which the control circuitry activates the at least one LED to output light at a maximum level at the transition from day to night. 12. A method of controlling a solar-powered light assembly having at least one light-emitting diode (LED) 1powered by a rechargeable battery and a solar panel to recharge the battery and to sense light levels, comprising the steps of: monitoring the rechargeable battery at intervals; setting the at least one LED to output light at a pre-determined level at the start of an interval based on the battery voltage at the start of said interval. 13. A method as claimed in claim 12 in which the step of monitoring the rechargeable battery at intervals involves measuring the voltage of the rechargeable battery at the time of the ambient light transition from night to day. 14. A method as claimed in claim 12 in which the at least one LED is set to output light only when the ambient light is below a pre-set level. 15. A method as claimed in claim 12 in which the step of monitoring the rechargeable battery at intervals involves measuring and recording the battery voltage at the start of an interval and comparing the measured voltage from the current interval with the stored voltage from the previous interval. 16. A method as claimed in claim 15 in which the step of setting the at least one LED to output light at a pre-determined level involves: increasing the output level of the at least one LED by a pre-determined amount, unless a maximum output level is already set, if the measured battery voltage is greater by a pre-determined amount than the stored battery voltage; decreasing the output level of the at least one LED by a pre-determined amount, unless a minimum output level is already set, if the measured battery voltage is less by a pre-determined amount than the stored battery voltage; and maintaining the output level of the at least one LED if the measured battery voltage is the same as the stored battery voltage within a pre-determined range. 17. Apparatus as claimed in claim 12 in which the at least one LED is activated to output light in pulses according to one or more flash patterns. 