A device and method for measuring temperature is disclosed. The device, for example, can include a thermocouple configured to generate a voltage indicative of a junction temperature; a memory device configured to store a unique device ID and to store data; a logic unit connected to the thermocouple and the memory device; an I/O interface connected to the logic unit, the I/O interface configured to communicate with a computer system; and an internal temperature sensor connected to the logic unit, the internal temperature sensor configured to determine a cold junction temperature.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A device for measuring temperature, the device comprising: a thermocouple configured to generate a voltage indicative of a junction temperature; a memory device configured to store a unique device ID and to store data; a logic unit connected to the thermocouple and the memory device; an I/O interface connected to the logic unit, the I/O interface configured to communicate with a computer system; and an internal temperature sensor connected to the logic unit, the internal temperature sensor configured to determine a cold junction temperature; wherein the logic unit is configured to use the voltage generated by the thermocouple and the cold junction temperature to produce a digital indication of the hot junction temperature. 2. The device of claim 1, wherein the I/O interface comprises: a data input for receiving digital data over a data line; and a reference input connectable to a reference line. 3. The device of claim 2, wherein the I/O interface further comprises: a power input pin, wherein the power input pin is configured to receive power from the data line, thereby parasitically drawing power from the data line. 4. The device of claim 3, further comprising: a power storage device, wherein the power storage device is configured to store power received from a communication line connected to the I/O interface and to provide said stored power to said power input pin. 5. The device of claim 1, wherein the I/O interface and the logic unit are integrated into a single piece of silicon. 6. The device of claim 1, further comprising: a voltage input pin connected with the logic unit; wherein the thermocouple is connectable directly to the voltage input pin. 7. The device of claim 6, wherein the voltage input pin and the I/O interface are integrated into a single piece of silicon. 8. A device for measuring temperature, the device comprising: a thermocouple configured to generate a voltage indicative of a temperature; a memory device configured to store a unique device ID and to store a temperature value; and a logic unit connected to the thermocouple and the memory device, the logic unit configured to receive at least an indication of the voltage generated by the thermocouple and to determine the temperature value that corresponds to the received voltage. 9. The device of claim 8, further comprising: an internal temperature sensor connected to the logic unit, the internal temperature sensor configured to determine a cold junction temperature; wherein the logic unit is further configured to compensate for the cold junction temperature in determining the temperature value that corresponds to the received voltage. 10. The device of claim 8, further comprising: an I/O interface connected to the logic unit, the I/O interface configured to digitally communicate with a computer system. 11. The device of claim 10, wherein the I/O interface comprises: a single data input for receiving data over a data line, from the computer system; and a reference input connectable to a reference line. 12. The device of claim 11, wherein the I/O interface further comprises: a power input pin, wherein the power input pin is configured to receive power from the data line. 13. The device of claim 12, further comprising: a power storage device, wherein the power storage device is configured to receive and store power from a communication line connected to the I/O device and to provide said stored power to said power input pin. 14. A system for monitoring environmental conditions, the system comprising: a computer; a data line connected to the computer; a reference line connected to the computer; at least one environmental monitoring device (EMD) connected to the data line and the reference line; wherein said at least one EMD communicates with the computer over the data line and wherein each EMD is addressable by said computer. 15. The system of claim 14, wherein said at least one EMD comprises: a temperature sensor. 16. The system of claim 15, wherein the temperature sensor comprises: a thermocouple. 17. The system of claim 16, wherein said at least one EMD comprises: a cold junction temperature sensor. 18. The system of claim 14, wherein said at least one EMD comprises: an external humidity sensor element. 19. The system of claim 14, wherein the first EMD comprises: a pressure sensor. 20. The system of claim 14, wherein the first EMD comprises: a solar radiance sensor. 21. The system of claim 14, wherein the first EMD comprises: a photocell sensor. 22. The system of claim 14, wherein the first EMD is configured to transmit digital data to the computer. 23. The system of claim 22, wherein the first EMD is configured to receive digital data from the computer. 24. The system of claim 14, wherein the first EMD comprises: an RTD. 25. The system of claim 14, wherein the first EMD comprises: a thermistor. 26. The system of claim 14, wherein said data line and said reference line are selected from the group of a hard wired line, an RF link or an optical fiber. 27. A device as in claim 8 wherein said unique ID is a URL extension. 28. A device as in claim 27 wherein said URL extension facilitates the downloading of information via the Internet. 29. A device as in claim 27 wherein said URL extension facilitates the downloading of information via an Intranet. 30. A device as in claim 8 wherein said unique ID is used to address a specific sensor on a common network. 