A apparatus whereby the functional electronics components of popular consumer communications and entertainment products can be repackaged in a molded plastic module that would be mounted underneath and follow the contour of the visor of a head wearable cap/visor providing the user with a hands free, continuous power, virtually invisible multi-media capability. The module would feature, a drop down visual display, drop down camera lens for low resolution digital photography, rechargeable battery, stereo speakers and earphones, a microphone and microphone boom, manual push button controls and LED indicator lights, input/output jacks, and an interactive voice capability. A flexible solar cell and antenna would be mounted on the upper surface of the head wearable cap/visor providing the wireless link and continuous power to the electronics module. All components would be secured to the head wearable cap visor via two active pins that protrude from the upper surface of the electronic module, pierce the visor, and mate up with the solar cell and antenna on the upper surface of the visor.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A head covering apparatus for receiving and transmitting electronic signals, the apparatus being adapted to engage the head of a wearer which comprises: a cap portion formed of a material having a first stiffness characteristic such that the cap portion is adapted to conform flexibly to the head of the wearer; a visor projecting from said cap portion, the visor having a second stiffness characteristic which is greater than the first stiffness characteristic of the cap portion, the visor including a upwardly facing surface, and a downwardly facing surface, a solar cell which has receptors for solar rays which is not blocked from solar rays by the upwardly facing surface an antenna which extends beyond the upwardly facing surface an electronic module which is in electrical communication with the solar cell for receiving power from the solar cell and which is in electrical contact with the antenna for the purpose of passing a signal between the electronic module and the antenna. 2. The head covering apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the electronic module is attached to the adjacent portion of the visor. 3. The head covering apparatus according to claim 2 wherein the electronic module includes a transmitting component in electrical communications with the antenna The electronic module further including a receiving component in electrical communications with the antenna The electronic module further including at least one amplifier, modem, and switching component necessary for one or two way communicating The electronic module further capable of capturing, processing, storing and managing digital data The electronics module further including a visual display component for providing the wearer with menu options, digital and graphic data The electronics module further containing a rechargeable battery The electronics module further containing a built-in microphone for receiving and processing audible signals from the wearer and which is in electrical communications with the transmitter component The electronics module further containing a boom microphone for receiving and processing audible signals from the wearer and which is in electrical communications with the transmitter component The electronics module further containing built in speakers which are in electrical communications with the receiving component The electronics module further containing earphones which are in electrical communications with the receiving component The electronic module contains a voice activated component wherein the wearer can make operational selections via audible commands The electronic module wherein input jacks are available for uploading digital data. The electronic module wherein output jacks are available for downloading digital data. 4. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the electronics module is fitted with the functional electronics components of popular consumer products selected from the group consisting of; cell phones, beepers, personal communications devices, GPS receivers, FM radio receivers, MP3 recorders/players, voice recorders, organizers, limited internet reception, digital camera, broadcast TV reception, hand held computers and limited digital video recording. 5. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the electronics module is fitted with integrated combinations of electronics components of popular consumer communications and entertainment products selected from the group consisting of; cell phones, beepers, personal communications devices, GPS receivers, FM radio receivers, MP3 recorders/players, voice recorders, organizers, limited internet reception, digital camera, broadcast TV reception, hand held computers and limited digital video recording. 6. The apparatus according to claim 2, wherein the electronics module further includes a drop down display having a menu and wherein the electronics module has both a manual and a voice activated control means for initiating operation and selecting functions via manual and voice operated scrolling in response to appearing on drop down display. 7. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the lower surface of the visor has a contour and wherein the electronics module has a shaped contour which conforms to the contour of the underside of the visor, said electronics module is physically tapered at the forward edge and both sides, and expands to a width of approximately 0.5 inch adjacent to the cap portion which is adapted to engage the wearer's forehead. 8. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the electronics module has two active pins protruding from its upper surface, wherein each pin extends through and engages the visor and engages the solar cell and antenna on the upper surface of the cap visor for securing the electronics module to the cap visor, and for providing antenna and solar cell interconnections to the electronics module. 9. The apparatus according to claim 2, wherein the electronics module contains combinations of operator interface devices selected from the group consisting of a drop down information display, stereo speakers, manual push button controls with associated led indicators, audio controls, built-in microphone, drop down microphone boom, earphone jacks, input/output jacks, digital camera lens, and a rechargeable battery. 10. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the flexible solar cell is rated to support the electronics functions mounted in the electronics module. 11. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the upper surface of the visor has a contour and wherein the flexible solar cell has a contour which conforms to the contour of the upper surface of the visor. 12. The solar cell according to claim 11 wherein two receptacles are provided to capture two pins protruding from the upper surface of the electronic module. 12. The receptacles according to claim 12 serve to capture the two pins on the upper surface of the electronic module and therefore secure all components of the apparatus to the cap visor. 13. The receptacles according to claim 12, wherein the left side receptacle is insulated from the solar cell and provides connectivity for the RF antenna which when seated on the left side pin also provides a captivating function for the left side of the electronics module. 14. The receptacles according to claim 12, wherein, the right side pin provides the electrical connectivity between the solar cell and the electronics module and secures the right side of the electronics module to the baseball cap visor. 15. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the antenna is selected to support the wireless electronic functions integrated in the electronics module. 16. The antenna according to claim 10, wherein the antenna is mounted on the left side electronics module pin as said pin pierces the cap visor and passes through the solar cell. 17. The antenna according to claim 10, wherein said antenna should have a telescoping capability and have a hinged swivel base to operate in the vertical and stow in the horizontal position. 18. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the antenna also serves to anchor the left side of the electronic module to the head wearable cap visor. 19. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the electronic module has electrical jacks on both sides of the electronic module, said jacks provide connectivity for the earphones to the electrical module. 20. The apparatus according to claim 14, wherein the earphones have means for attachment to the head wearable cap above the users ears when not in use or stowed. 21. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the electronic module has an internal battery, said battery rated to be rechargeable by the solar cell and provide power to the electronic module during periods of little or no external light. 22. The battery according to claim 21, wherein the switch over from solar cell to battery power is automatic via a sensor that detects reduction in solar energy or reduction in available light, said switching will also preclude overcharging of the battery. 23. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the electronic module drop down display is designed to be activated when the user moves it from its horizontal stowed position, to the vertical activated position, Said drop down display would present the operator with the same information typically presented on the displays of the hand held communications and entertainment devices available today. 24. The display according to claim 18, wherein it's size, and mounting location on the electronic module and information presented depends on the functions available in the electronic module. 25. The apparatus according to claim 3, wherein the I/O jacks are configured to industry standards for loading MP3 digital music for play back by the operator, said jacks should also be able to accommodate the down loading of digital data that can be stored by the electronic modules internal memory. 26. An apparatus according to claim 3, wherein the built in microphone can pick up communications or control audio from the operator when privacy is not important, said built in microphone is disabled when the boom microphone is lowered from it's stowed position up against the head wearable cap/visor visor, to the lips of the operator, said boom microphone gives the operator some measure of privacy. 27. The apparatus according to claim 3, wherein a digital camera lens can be mounted on the lower surface of the digital display for the purpose of collecting digital data in the form of camera images, said digital images are captured via manual or vice recognition control. 28. The apparatus according to claim 1 wherein all of the components cited are built into and are an integral part of the head wearable visor together with the functional electronic components of selected electronic devices. 29. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein a voice recognition circuit for recognizing voice input to the microphone and for performing a dialing, selecting or control operation based on voice. 30. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein all components of the apparatus are integrated into the design of the visor, said visor then being attached to the cap. 