According to a method for mounting a plurality of solar battery modules, an underlying member (roofing member) is fixed at a location where the solar battery modules are to be mounted. The underlying member has a wiring made of conductive material that is formed for drawing electric power from the solar battery modules and has connection terminals at respective positions to be connected with each solar battery module. Connection terminals of each solar battery module are coupled with the connection terminals of the underlying member to fasten each solar battery module.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A mounting structure for mounting a plurality of solar battery modules, comprising an underlying member fixed at a location where said solar battery modules are to be mounted, said underlying member including a wiring made of conductive material formed for drawing electric power from said plurality of solar battery modules and including connection terminals at respective positions to be connected with each solar battery module, and each solar battery module being connected to the connection terminals of said underlying member. 2. The mounting structure according to claim 1, wherein a plurality of underlying members are used for mounting said solar battery modules. 3. The mounting structure according to claim 1, wherein said underlying member has marks attached for indicating a position where said solar battery modules are to be mounted. 4. The mounting structure according to claim 1, wherein said underlying member has holes formed at respective positions where said solar battery modules are to be mounted. 5. A mounting method for mounting a plurality of solar battery modules, comprising the steps of fixing an underlying member at a location where said solar battery modules are to be mounted, said underlying member including a wiring made of conductive material formed for drawing electric power from said plurality of solar battery modules and including connection terminals at respective positions to be connected with each solar battery module, connecting each solar battery module to the connection terminals of said underlying member, and thereafter fastening each solar battery module. 6. The mounting method according to claim 5, wherein a plurality of underlying members are used to mount said solar battery modules. 7. The mounting method according to claim 5, wherein said underlying member has marks attached for indicating a position where said solar battery modules are to be mounted. 8. The mounting method according to claim 5, wherein said underlying member has holes formed at respective positions where said solar battery modules are to be mounted. 9. The mounting method according to claim 8, wherein adhesive is applied into said holes formed in said underlying member to bond said solar battery modules. 