Within both a method for operating a plurality of fabrication facilities and a system for operating the plurality of fabrication facilities there is providing within each of the plurality of fabrication facilities a corresponding plurality of backup control systems. Within the method and the system, each backup control system is connected with the remaining backup control systems within the remaining fabrication facilities within the plurality of fabrication facilities, and each backup control system is programmed to forward a request for fabrication in a remote fabrication facility within the plurality of fabrication facilities and receive a request for fabrication from a remote fabrication facility within the plurality of fabrication facilities. The method and the system are particularly useful for fabricating semiconductor integrated circuit microelectronic fabrications.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for operating a plurality of fabrication facilities comprising: providing a plurality of fabrication facilities, each fabrication facility being controlled by a separate corresponding manufacturing execution system; providing within each of the plurality of fabrication facilities, and connected with each of the separate corresponding manufacturing execution systems, a corresponding plurality of backup control systems, each backup control system being connected with the remaining backup control systems within the remaining fabrication facilities within the plurality of fabrication facilities, each backup control system being programmed to forward a request for fabrication in a remote fabrication facility within the plurality of fabrication facilities and receive a request for fabrication from a remote fabrication facility within the plurality of fabrication facilities; and initiating through a backup control system within a fabrication facility within the plurality of fabrication facilities a request for fabrication within a remote fabrication facility within the plurality of fabrication facilities. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein each backup control system is also programmed to monitor fabrication progress of a fabrication request with a remote fabrication facility within the plurality of fabrication facilities. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein the plurality of fabrication facilities is selected from the group consisting of chemical fabrication facilities, mechanical fabrication facilities and electrical fabrication facilities. 4. The method of claim 1 wherein the plurality of fabrication facilities are microelectronic fabrication facilities selected from the group consisting of integrated circuit microelectronic fabrication facilities, ceramic substrate microelectronic fabrication facilities, solar cell optoelectronic microelectronic fabrication facilities, sensor image array optoelectronic microelectronic fabrication facilities and display image array optoelectronic microelectronic fabrication facilities. 5. The method of claim 1 wherein there is not employed a centralized communications component interposed between the plurality of backup control systems. 6. The method of claim 1 wherein there is employed a centralized communications component interposed between the plurality of backup control systems. 7. The method of claim 1 wherein the request for fabrication within the remote fabrication facility is polled to all remaining fabrication facilities within the plurality of fabrication facilities. 8. The method of claim 1 wherein the request for fabrication within the remote fabrication facility is forwarded to a single remaining fabrication facility within the plurality of fabrication facilities. 9. A system for operating a plurality of fabrication facilities comprising: a plurality of fabrication facilities, each fabrication facility being controlled by a separate corresponding manufacturing execution system; a corresponding plurality of backup control systems provided within each of the plurality of fabrication facilities and connected with each of the separate corresponding manufacturing execution systems, each backup control system being connected with the remaining backup control systems within the remaining fabrication facilities within the plurality of fabrication facilities, each backup control system being programmed to forward a request for fabrication in a remote fabrication facility within the plurality of fabrication facilities and receive a request for fabrication from a remote fabrication facility within the plurality of fabrication facilities. 10. The system of claim 9 wherein each backup control system is also programmed to monitor fabrication progress of a fabrication request with a remote fabrication facility within the plurality of fabrication facilities. 11. The system of claim 9 wherein the plurality of fabrication facilities is selected from the group consisting of chemical fabrication facilities, mechanical fabrication facilities and electrical fabrication facilities. 12. The system of claim 9 wherein the plurality of fabrication facilities is a plurality of microelectronic fabrication facilities selected from the group consisting of integrated circuit microelectronic fabrication facilities, ceramic substrate microelectronic fabrication facilities, solar cell optoelectronic microelectronic fabrication facilities, sensor image array optoelectronic microelectronic fabrication facilities and display image array optoelectronic microelectronic fabrication facilities. 13. The system of claim 9 wherein there is not employed a centralized communications component interposed between the plurality of backup control systems. 14. The system of claim 9 wherein there is employed a centralized communications component interposed between the plurality of backup control systems. 