A web of photovoltaic roofing material exhibited by an elongated, substantially thin, and flexible web including a central photovoltaic area encapsulated within a polymeric material, the polymeric material including both side and end extending edges beyond the photovoltaic area. A pair of contact terminals extend from a selected end of the flexible web and establish electrical communication with the photovoltaic area. Overlapping edges of succeeding webs of roofing material are secured in place by elongated clamping strips and batten caps. An elongated flexible web, incorporating numerous detachable and individual sections, may be wound upon a spool and the spool may in turn be secured to a trolley, such as which may be traversable along an eave extending edge of the roof for applying the photovoltaic material.
Claims 1. A method of mounting a photovoltaic roofing material onto a roof, said method comprising the steps of: providing a first and a second elongated web of a photovoltaic roofing material; disposing said first and second webs on the roof in a longitudinally aligned relationship with one another and so that a first edge of said first web is arranged proximate to a second edge of said second web; affixing a clamping strip to the roof, said clamping strip being configured and disposed so as to engage said first edge of said first web and said second edge of said second web; and affixing a batten cap to said clamping strip; whereby said batten cap and clamping strip cooperate to retain said photovoltaic roofing material upon said roof. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising the step of applying a body of contact adhesive material upon at least one of said edges of said first and second webs and which engage the clamping strip. 3. The method of claim 1, further comprising the step of retaining said first and second edges of said first and second webs between said clamping strip and said affixed batten cap. 4. The method of claim 1, further comprising the step of retaining said first and second edges of said first and second webs between said clamping strip and the roof. 5. The method of claim 1, further comprising the step of applying a sheet of membrane material upon the roof, over which are disposed said first and second webs of photovoltaic material. 6. The method of claim 1, further comprising the step of establishing electrical communication to each of said webs of photovoltaic roofing material. 7. The method of claim 6, further comprising the step of establishing electrical communication in a region of a soffit of the roof. 8. The method of claim 6, further comprising the step of establishing electrical connection in a region of a ridge of the roof. 9. The method of claim 6, further comprising the step of establishing electrical communication proximate a transverse extending edge of each of said webs of photovoltaic material. 10. The method of claim 1, further comprising the step of overlapping polymeric extending portions of said first and second edges of material prior to affixing said clamping strip and said batten cap. 11. The method of claim 1, further comprising the step of winding said first and second webs of roofing material upon a spool. 12. The method of claim 11, further comprising the step of affixing said spool upon a trolley traversable in a substantially horizontally extending fashion along an eave edge of the roof. 13. A method for assembling a traversable cradle assembly for use with an extending eave edge of a roof, said cradle assembly applying an elongated web of photovoltaic material upon the roof and comprising the steps of: providing a spool upon which is wound the web of photovoltaic material; providing a cradle to which is rotatably secured said spool; affixing said cradle to the eave edge of the roof so as to be movable therealong; drawing a first length of said web of material from said spool and onto the roof; sectioning said first length and affixing the same to the roof; traversing said cradle along the eave edge to a further location; and drawing a second length of said web of material from said spool and onto the roof in a partially overlapping manner relative to said first length. 14. The method of claim 13, further comprising the step of affixing a clamping strip to the roof, said clamping strip being configured and disposed so as to engage said overlap between said first and second lengths. 15. The method of claim 14, further comprising the step of affixing a batten cap upon said clamping strip. 16. The method of claim 13, further comprising the step of affixing rails to the eave edge for receiving rollers associated with said cradle assembly. 17. A photovoltaic roofing material, comprising: an elongated, substantially thin, and flexible web of material, said web including a generally central photovoltaic area encapsulated within a polymeric material, said polymeric material including both side and end extending edges beyond said photovoltaic area; and a pair of contact terminals extending from a selected end of said flexible web and establishing electrical communication with the photovoltaic area. 18. The roofing material of claim 17, further comprising a polymeric extending edge of a first flexible web receiving, in substantially overlapping fashion, an associated extending edge of a second flexible web. 19. The roofing material of claim 18, further comprising a contact adhesive material applied upon at least one of said overlapping edges. 20. The roofing material of claim 17, further comprising an elongated clamping strip defining, in cross section, a substantially flattened central area with first and second extending and arcuately configured ends, said clamping strip being engaged over said overlapping connection between said first and second webs. 21. The roofing material of claim 18, further comprising an elongated batten cap defining, in cross section, a substantially arcuate shape with configured ends for engaging, in substantially snap-fit fashion, over said configured ends of said clamping strip and, in combination with said clamping strip, retaining said webs of material upon a roofing installation. 22. The roofing material of claim 21, further comprising screw fasteners associated with at least one of said clamping strip and batten cap and for securing the same upon the roof. 23. The roofing material of claim 17, further comprising the step of winding said web of roofing material upon a spool. 24. The roofing material of claim 23, further comprising a trolley secured to an eave edge of the roof in substantially traversable fashion, said trolley supporting said spool in rotatable fashion thereupon and facilitating the drawing and sectioning of discrete lengths of flexible material for affixing to the roof. 25. The roofing material of claim 24, said trolley further comprising first and second sets of rollers constrained within first and second associated rails secured in proximity to the roof eave edge. 26. The roofing material of claim 23, further comprising a removable cover attached to an end of said spool and revealing an aperture defined within said spool. 