A photovoltaic array (20, 20') includes a plurality of elongated rails (28) each of which has a lower base (30) and an upper cap (32) of an extruded resin construction defining a pair of grooves (36) that open in opposite directions from each other to receive edges 36 of rectangular photovoltaic modules (22) so as to provide mounting thereof on a support surface (20, 24). The photovoltaic modules (22) are arranged in pairs (38) with the modules of each pair abutting each other and with each pair of modules being spaced along the elongated lengths of the rails from each adjacent pair of modules to provide openings (40) therebetween. Cross members (42) extend between the lower bases (30) of the rails to space the rails from each other and have upwardly opening shapes that receive electrical wiring (44).
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A photovoltaic array comprising: a plurality of elongated rails for being mounted on a support surface projecting upwardly therefrom and extending in a spaced and parallel relationship to each other; each rail having an extruded resin construction including a lower base and an upper cap that cooperate to define a pair of groove openings in opposite directions from each other; and rectangular photovoltaic modules having edges that are received by the grooves of the rails so as to be mounted above the support surface in a spaced relationship from the support surface. 2. A photovoltaic array as in claim 1 wherein the lower base and upper cap of each rail are extruded as separate pieces and secured to each other to define the oppositely opening pair of grooves. 3. A photovoltaic array as in claim 1 wherein the photovoltaic modules are arranged in pairs with the modules of each pair abutting each other, and each pair of photovoltaic modules being spaced along the elongated lengths of the rails from each adjacent pair of modules to provide openings therebetween 4. A photovoltaic array as in claim 3 wherein the photovoltaic modules have elongated rectangular shapes that have lengths about twice as long as widths thereof, and each pair of photovoltaic modules having elongated edges along lengths thereof abutted with each other so each pair of modules has a generally square shape. 5. A photovoltaic array as in claim 1 further including cross members that extend between the lower bases of the rails to space the rails from each other. 6. A photovoltaic array as in claim 5 wherein the cross members are located within openings between the photovoltaic modules. 7. A photovoltaic array as in claim 5 further including electrical wiring that is supported by the cross members. 8. A photovoltaic array as in claim 7 wherein the cross members have upwardly opening shapes that receive the electrical wiring. 9. A photovoltaic array as in claim 8 wherein the cross members have a lower floor and a pair of sides that extend upwardly from the lower floor in a converging shape toward each other and have upper edges that are spaced from each other. 10. A photovoltaic array as in claim 1 wherein the lower base and upper cap of each rail are extruded as separate pieces and secured to each other to define the oppositely opening pair of grooves; each lower base including a lower flange for mounting on the surface, a stem that projects upwardly from the lower flange, and an upper extremity of a T shape that defines an upwardly opening slot extending along the elongated length of the elongated rail, and each upper cap having a T shape including a stem that projects downwardly and is received by the slot in the T-shaped upper extremity of the lower base, and each upper cap having an upper cross bar that extends in opposite directions from the stem thereof to cooperate with the T-shaped upper extremity of the lower base in defining the pair of grooves that open in opposite directions from each other to receive the edges of the photovoltaic modules that are mounted by the rails on the support surface. 11. A photovoltaic array as in claim 10 wherein the upper extremity of the lower base of each rail has a pair of upwardly projecting stops respectively located on opposite sides of the slot to position the modules horizontally with respect to the rails. 12. A photovoltaic array as in claim 8 wherein the elongated rails have the lower flange of the lower base provided with a greater lateral width along the elongated length thereof than the T-shaped upper extremity of the lower base and than the upper cross bar of the upper cap. 13. A photovoltaic array as in claim 8 wherein the stem of the lower base has scallops for reducing the resin utilized. 14. A photovoltaic array as in claim 1 wherein the lower base and upper cap of each rail are extruded as separate pieces and secured to each other to define the oppositely opening pair of grooves, each base including a lower end for mounting on the support surface, a stem that projects upwardly from the lower end, an upper extremity of a T shape that defines an upwardly opening slot extending along the elongated length of the elongated rail and the upper extremity of the lower base including downwardly extending flanges for securing flashing; and each upper cap having a T shape including a stem that projects downwardly and is received by the slot in the T-shaped upper extremity of the lower base, and each upper cap having an upper cross bar that extends in opposite directions from the stem thereof to cooperate with the T-shaped upper extremity of the lower base in defining the pair of grooves that open in opposite directions from each other to receive the edges of the photovoltaic modules that are mounted by the rails on the support surface. 15. A photovoltaic array as in claim 10 or 14 further including fasteners for securing the upper cap to the lower base. 16. A photovoltaic array as in claim 15 wherein the upper cap includes an elongated extruded formation that facilitates centering alignment of drilled holes for receiving the fasteners. 17. A photovoltaic array as in claim 10 or 14 wherein the lower bases and upper caps of the elongated rails are extruded from a first resin and wherein the grooves of the rails include pads of a second material that is softer than the first resin to accommodate for thickness variations in the photovoltaic module edges received by the grooves. 18. A photovoltaic array as in claim 17 wherein the lower base is extruded entirely from the first resin and wherein the upper cap is coextruded from the first resin and a second resin which constitutes the second material and provides the pads which are located on the upper cross bar within the grooves. 19. A photovoltaic array as in claim 10 wherein the upwardly opening slot of the lower base and the downwardly projecting stem of the upper cap have connection formations for providing securement of the upper cap to the lower base. 20. A photovoltaic array as in claim 10 or 14 further including cross members that are supported by and extend between the T-shaped upper extremities of the lower bases of the rails within openings between the photovoltaic modules to space the rails from each other. 21. A photovoltaic array as in claim 20 wherein the cross members have elongated shapes extruded from resin with an upwardly opening shape, and electrical wiring received by the upwardly opening cross members. 22. A photovoltaic array as in claim 1 wherein the support surface is a roof having a membrane on which the rails are mounted. 23. A roof photovoltaic array as in claim 22 further including connections that secure the lower bases of the rails to the membrane on the roof. 24. A roof photovoltaic array as in claim 23 wherein the connections include bonds between the lower bases of the rails and the membrane on the roof. 25. A roof photovoltaic array as in claim 24 wherein the bonds between the lower bases of the rails and the membrane on the roof are autogenous. 26. A roof photovoltaic array as in claim 23 wherein the connections include connector sleeves that slidably receive the lower bases of the rails, and the connections also including bonds that secure the connector sleeves to the membrane on the roof. 27. A photovoltaic array as in claim 26 wherein the connector sleeves are made of the same material as the membrane on the roof, and the bonds between the connector sleeves and the membrane on the roof being autogenous. 28. A roof photovoltaic array as in claim 23 wherein the connections include elongated connector strips, the lower bases of the rails having openings through which the connector strips extend, and the connector strips having ends secured to the membrane on the roof. 29. A photovoltaic array as in claim 28 wherein the connector strips are made of the same material as the roof membrane and the ends of the connector strips have autogenous bonds that provide the securement thereof to the roof membrane. 30. A photovoltaic array comprising: a plurality of elongated rails for being mounted on a support surface projecting upwardly therefrom and extending in a spaced and parallel relationship to each other; each rail having an extruded resin construction including a lower base and an upper cap that are secured to each other and cooperate to define a pair of grooves that open in opposite directions from each other; the lower base including a lower flange for mounting on the support surface, a stem that projects upwardly from the lower flange, and an upper extremity of a T shape that cooperates with the stem to define an upwardly opening slot extending along the elongated length of the elongated rail; the upper cap having a T shape including a stem that projects downwardly and is received by the slot in the upper extremity of the lower base, and the upper cap having an upper cross bar that extends in opposite directions from the stem thereof to cooperate with the T-shaped upper extremity of the lower base in defining the pair of grooves that open in opposite directions from each other; rectangular photovoltaic modules having edges that are received by the grooves of the rails so as to be mounted above the support surface in a spaced relationship therefrom, the photovoltaic modules being arranged in pairs with the modules of each pair abutting each other, and each pair of photovoltaic modules being spaced along the elongated lengths of the rails from each adjacent pair of modules to provide openings therebetween; and cross members that extend between the lower bases of the photovoltaic modules to space the rails from each other, and the cross members being located within the openings between adjacent pairs of the modules. 31. A photovoltaic array comprising: a plurality of elongated rails for being mounted on a support surface projecting upwardly therefrom and extending in a spaced and parallel relationship to each other; each rail having an extruded resin construction including a lower base and an upper cap that are secured to each other and cooperate to define a pair of grooves that open in opposite directions from each other; the lower base including a lower flange for mounting on the support surface, a stem that projects upwardly from the lower flange, and an upper extremity of a T shape that cooperates with the stem to define an upwardly opening slot extending along the elongated length of the elongated rail, and the T-shaped upper extremity having a pair of upwardly projecting stops respectively located on opposite sides of the slot; the upper cap having a T shape including a stem that projects downwardly and is received by the slot in the upper extremity of the lower base, the upper cap having an upper cross bar that extends in opposite directions from the stem thereof to cooperate with the T-shaped upper extremity of the lower base in defining the pair of grooves that open in opposite directions from each other; rectangular photovoltaic modules having edges that are received by the grooves of the rails so as to be mounted above the support surface in a spaced relationship therefrom, the photovoltaic modules being arranged in pairs with the modules of each pair abutting each other, and each pair of photovoltaic modules being spaced along the elongated lengths of the rails from each adjacent pair of modules to provide openings therebetween; and cross members that are supported by and extend between the T-shaped upper extremities of the lower bases of the photovoltaic modules to space the rails from each other, and the cross members being located within the openings between adjacent pairs of the modules. 32. A photovoltaic array comprising: a plurality of elongated rails for being mounted on a support surface projecting upwardly therefrom and extending in a spaced and parallel relationship to each other; each rail having an extruded resin construction including a lower base and an upper cap that are secured to each other and cooperate to define a pair of grooves that open in opposite directions from each other; the lower base being extruded entirely from a first resin and including a lower flange for mounting on the support surface, a stem that projects upwardly from the lower flange, and an upper extremity of a T shape that cooperates with the stem to define an upwardly opening slot extending along the elongated length of the elongated rail, and the T-shaped upper extremity having a pair of upwardly projecting stops respectively located on opposite sides of the slot; the upper cap having a T shape including a stem that projects downwardly and is received by the slot in the upper extremity of the lower base, the upper cap having an upper cross bar that extends in opposite directions from the stem thereof to cooperate with the T-shaped upper extremity of the lower base in defining the pair of grooves that open in opposite directions from each other, and the upper cap being coextruded from the first resin and a second resin that is softer than the first resin and providing pads on the upper cross bar within the grooves; rectangular photovoltaic modules having edges that are received by the grooves of the rails so as to be mounted above the support surface in a spaced relationship therefrom, the photovoltaic modules being arranged in pairs with the modules of each pair abutting each other, and each pair of photovoltaic modules being spaced along the elongated lengths of the rails from each adjacent pair of modules to provide openings therebetween; and cross members that are supported by and extend between the T-shaped upper extremities of the lower bases of the photovoltaic modules to space the rails from each other, the cross members being located within the openings between adjacent pairs of the modules, the cross members having upwardly opening shapes, and electrical wiring received by the cross members. 