An educational game simulates a trip across the solar system from the Sun to the planet Pluto. Players begin at the Sun position on the game board, and progressively advance across the board to each planet position. Advance over the sequential playing positions between each planet is determined by a single die. Upon arriving at each planet position, the player must correctly answer a question relating to astronomy or astronautics. The board also illustrates an asteroid belt, containing a greater number of sequential positions. Players must count by a numerical factor determined by randomly drawing a card, to cross this area. Upon arriving at the planet Pluto position, the player must correctly spell the names of all nine planets of the solar system to return to Earth, winning the game. Two or more players/teams may play, with a non-playing keyholder asking the questions during play.
Claims We claim: 1. An educational game apparatus, comprising: a game board representing the solar system; a starting Sun position and first through ninth planetary paths, arranged progressively and generally concentrically from said Sun position upon said game board; each of said planetary paths having a planet position representing one of the nine planets of the solar system; an interplanetary band disposed between said starting Sun position and said first planetary path and each of said planetary paths of said game board; a sequential series of numerical playing positions disposed within each said interplanetary band of said game board; chance means for randomly generating a number for player advance upon said numerical playing positions during the course of play; a plurality of player position markers; and a plurality of question cards relating to the planets of the solar system. 2. The educational game apparatus according to claim 1, further including: an asteroid belt band disposed between said fourth and said fifth planetary paths of said game board; a sequential series of numerical playing positions disposed within said asteroid belt band of said game board; and short interval timer means for limiting player time during at least one turn of play. 3. The educational game apparatus according to claim 2, further including: a plurality of counting cards each defining a numerical factor for advancing said player position markers along said series of numerical playing positions of said asteroid belt band. 4. The educational game apparatus according to claim 1, further including: at least one advance position, at least one retreat position, and at least one rest position disposed upon said game board. 5. The educational game apparatus according to claim 1, wherein: said game board is rectangular and includes four corners; said starting Sun position disposed in one of said corners; and each of said planetary paths generally comprising an arc with each said interplanetary band disposed alternatingly therebetween. 6. The educational game apparatus according to claim 1, wherein: said game board includes a center position; said starting Sun position is disposed in said center position; of said game board; and each of said planetary paths and each said interplanetary band are disposed generally concentrically about said starting Sun position of said game board. 7. The educational game apparatus according to claim 1, wherein: each of said plurality of player position markers is configured for representing a spacecraft. 8. The educational game apparatus according to claim 1, further including: a one minute sand glass timer for timing intervals during play; and wherein said chance means comprises a single cubical die. 9. A method of playing an educational game, comprising the steps of: (a) providing a game board representing the solar system, with the game board having a starting Sun position, first through ninth planetary paths arranged progressively and generally concentrically from the Sun position, each of the planetary paths having a planet position representing one of the nine planets of the solar system, an interplanetary band disposed between the starting Sun position and the first planetary path and each of the planetary paths of the game board, and a sequential series of numerical playing positions disposed within each interplanetary band of the game board; (b) further providing channce means for randomly generating a number for player advance upon the numerical playing positions during the course of play; (c) further providing a plurality of player position markers; (d) further providing a plurality of question cards relating to the planets of the solar system; (e) selecting at least two players and determining the order of play; (f) determining a non-playing keyholder person for monitoring the game and assisting the players during the course of play; (g) placing the player position markers upon the starting Sun position; (h) sequentially determining player moves across the numerical playing positions of each interplanetary band in order from the starting Sun position, by using the chance means; (i) sequentially reaching planet positions between each two of the bands; (j) answering a question from one of the question cards; and (k) continuing in the above manner until one of the players reaches the outermost planet position. 10. The method of playing an educational game according to claim 9, wherein the step of answering a question from one of the question cards further includes the step of losing a turn for an incorrect answer to the keyholder in response to one of the question cards. 11. The method of playing an educational game according to claim 9, further including the steps of: (a) providing an asteroid belt band disposed between the fourth and fifth planetary paths of the game board; and (b) further providing a series of numerical factor playing positions disposed within the asteroid belt band of the game board. 12. The method of playing an educational game according to claim 11, further including the steps of: (a) providing a plurality of counting cards each defining a numerical factor for advancing the player position markers along the series of numerical factor playing positions of the asteroid belt band; (b) randomly drawing one of the counting cards for each of the players entering the asteroid belt band; and (c) counting off the playing positions of the asteroid belt band according to the numerical factor defined by the counting card drawn for the player advancing across the asteroid belt band. 13. The method of playing an educational game according to claim 12, wherein the step of counting off the playing positions of the, asteroid belt according to the numerical factor of the counting card drawn, further includes the steps of: (a) providing short interval timer means for limiting the time of the player advancing across the asteroid belt band; and (b) losing a turn for an incorrect count or for excessive time as determined by the short interval timer means. 14. The method of playing an educational game according to claim 9, further including the steps of: (a) providing at least one advance position, at least one retreat position, and at least one rest position disposed upon the game board; and (b) advancing, retreating, and resting the player position markers on the respective advance, retreat, and rest positions of the game board as they are encountered during the course of play. 15. The method of playing an educational game according to claim 9, further including the steps of: (a) spelling the names of the nine planets upon reaching the outermost planet; and (b) returning to the Earth position and winning the game after correctly spelling the names of the nine planets. 16. The method of playing an educational game according to claim 15, wherein the step of spelling the names of the nine planets further includes the step of losing a turn for incorrectly spelling any of the names. 17. The method of playing an educational game according to claim 9, further including the steps of: (a) forming the game board with a rectangular configuration having four corners; (b) locating the starting Sun position in one of the four corners; (c) configuring the planetary paths as a series of generally concentric arcs centered upon the starting Sun position; and (d) locating the first through ninth planet positions sequentially along the planetary paths. 18. The method of playing an educational game according to claim 9, further including the steps of: (a) forming the game board with a center position; (b) positioning the starting Sun position in the center position of the game board; and (c) positioning the planetary paths and first through ninth planet positions generally concentrically about the starting Sun position of the game board. 19. The method of playing an educational game according to claim 9, further including the step of configuring each of said plurality of player position markers to represent a spacecraft. 20. The method of playing an educational game according to claim 9, further including the steps of: (a) providing a single cubical die for the chance means; and (b) providing a one minute sand glass timer for timing intervals during play. 