A barrier, such as a PV module, is secured to a base by a support to create a shingle assembly with a venting region defined between the barrier and base for temperature regulation. The bottom edges of the barriers of one row may overlap the top edges of the barriers of another row. The shingle assemblies may be mounted by first mounting the bases to an inclined surface; the barriers may be then secured to the bases using the supports to create rows of shingle assemblies defining venting regions between the barriers and the bases for temperature regulation.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A shingle system, for use on an inclined surface having an upper edge and a lower edge, comprising: a plurality of shingle assemblies, at least some of said shingle assemblies comprising: a barrier having a top edge and a bottom edge; a water resistant base; a support securing the barrier to the base; and a venting region defined between the barrier and the base and fluidly coupled to the ambient atmosphere for temperature regulation; said shingle assemblies arranged in a first, upper row of shingle assemblies and a second, lower row of shingle assemblies; and said bottom edges of the barriers of said first row of shingle assemblies overlapping the top edges of the barriers of the second row of shingle assemblies. 2. The system according to claim 1 wherein said overlapping bottom and top edges define a gap therebetween, said gap having an average separation. 3. The system according to claim 2 wherein said average separation is about 0-5 cm. 4. The system according to claim 2 wherein said average separation is about 0.6-2.5 cm. 5. The system according to claim 2 wherein said average separation is about 0.6-1.9 cm. 6. The system according to claim 2 further comprising an air-permeable debris barrier at said gap. 7. The system according to claim 1 wherein said base is sized to be larger than the barrier. 8. The system according to claim 1 wherein said base is sized to be smaller than the barrier. 9. The system according to claim 1 wherein the barriers comprise PV modules having electrical connection elements. 10. The system according to claim 9 wherein the electrical connection elements comprise wires and connectors in said venting regions. 11. The system according to claim 9 wherein the electrical connection elements comprise electrical connectors formed integrally with at least one of the PV module, base and support. 12. A method for mounting shingle assemblies to an inclined surface comprising: selecting a shingle assembly comprising: a barrier; a base; and a connecting support for securing the barrier to the base; mounting a plurality of the bases to the support surface in a shingled manner so that the bases of one row of bases partially overlies the bases of an adjacent row of bases; the selecting and mounting steps carried out so that said rows of bases weatherproof that portion of the support surface covered thereby; and thereafter securing a plurality of the barriers to the bases using the connecting supports to create rows of shingle assemblies defining venting regions between the barriers and the bases for temperature regulation. 13. The method according to claim 12 wherein the mounting step comprises fastening the bases to the support surface. 14. The method according to claim 13 wherein the mounting step is carried out using adhesive. 15. The method according to claim 13 wherein the mounting step is carried out using fasteners configured to penetrate both the base and the support surface. 16. The method according to claim 12 wherein the selecting step is carried out so that the base has first and second edges, said first and second edges comprising first and second interengageable elements. 17. The method according to claim 16 wherein the mounting steps comprises interengaging said first edge of one base with said second edge of an adjacent base to resist first and second disengaging forces, said first disengaging force oriented perpendicular to said edges along a plane oriented parallel to the base, said second disengaging force oriented perpendicular to said edges along a plane oriented perpendicular to the base. 18. The method according to claim 12 wherein the barrier securing step is a toolless securing step carried out without the use of tools. 19. The method according to claim 12 wherein the securing step is carried out so that the barriers of one said row of shingle assemblies overlie the barriers of an adjacent one of said rows of shingle assemblies. 20. The method according to claim 12 wherein said selecting step comprises choosing barriers with at least some of the barriers comprising a photovoltaic (PV) module. 21. The method according to claim 20 wherein the selecting step comprises choosing a PV module comprising an electrical connection element. 22. The method according to claim 20 wherein the selecting step comprises choosing an electrical connection element comprising a wire and a connector in said venting region. 23. The method according to claim 20 wherein the selecting step comprises choosing an electrical connection element comprising an electrical connector formed integrally with at least one of the PV module, base and support. 