A solar battery module capable of assuring the fluid-tight structure of the roof panels adjacent to each other in lateral direction, realizing a weathering between the modules, eliminating a process for providing a seal member between the ends of the modules adjacent to each other, and facilitating an assembly operation, wherein a recessed part extending from the ridge side to the eaves side of the solar battery module is formed at lateral one end thereof, a projected part in the shape of coming into the recessed part is formed at the other end, and a waterproof means for suppressing the rain water invaded onto the upper surface of the projected part from circulating to the lower surface thereof is installed on the projected part in the state of being inserted into the corresponding recessed part of the solar battery module disposed adjacently to the side.
Claims 1. A solar battery module which is a single solar battery module comprising a solar battery constituting a roofing member and a supporting stand provided on the eaves-side end of the back face of this solar battery module and whereby this solar battery is fixed to the main roof structure, a plurality of these being disposed in mutually adjacent fashion on the main roof structure, in which: a mounting groove that receives the ridge-side end of a solar battery of a solar battery module that is adjacently disposed on the eaves side is formed in said supporting stand and a recessed part that extends along the eaves side from the ridge side is formed in one left or right side end of the solar battery module, a projecting part of a shape that will enter said recessed part is formed on the other side end of a solar battery module and waterproofing means is provided that, in a condition in which said projecting part is inserted into a corresponding recessed part of an adjacently disposed solar battery module at the side, prevents circulation of rainwater invading to the upper surface of this projecting part to the lower surface. 2. The solar battery module according to claim 1 wherein said recessed part is formed between a solar battery and a thermally insulating support member for backing purposes provided on the lower surface thereof. 3. A solar battery module which is a single solar battery module comprising a solar battery constituting a roofing member, a mounting member provided on the lower surface of the solar battery by joining at the upper surface thereof, a thermally insulating supporting member for backing formed of elastic material provided on the lower surface of said mounting member by joining at the upper surface thereof and a supporting stand provided on the eaves-side end of the lower surface of said mounting member whereby said solar battery is fixed to the main roof structure, a plurality of these being disposed in mutually adjacent fashion on the main roof structure, in which: a mounting groove that receives the ridge-side end of a solar battery of a solar battery module that is adjacently disposed on the eaves side is formed in said supporting stand and a recessed part is formed by a gap that extends along the eaves side from the ridge side between the lower surface of said solar battery and the upper surface of the thermally insulating supporting member, which gap is faced by one side end of said mounting member, in one left or right side end of the solar battery module, a projecting part of a shape that will enter said recessed part is formed on the other side end of a solar battery module by a location that projects outwards beyond said solar battery and thermally insulating support member, which location is on the other side end of said mounting member and waterproofing means is provided that, in a condition in which said projecting part is inserted into a corresponding recessed part of an adjacently disposed solar battery module at the side, prevents circulation of rainwater invading to the upper surface of this projecting part to the lower surface. 4. The solar battery module according to any one of claims 1 to 3 wherein said waterproofing means comprises a gutter construction wherein the projecting end of said mounting member is higher on the upper surface side than in other portions thereof. 5. The solar battery module according to claim 4 wherein said waterproofing means forms said gutter construction by the projecting end of said mounting member being bent in practically U-shape on the upper surface side. 6. The solar battery module according to any one of claims 1 to 3 wherein a plurality of shoe members are disposed at the bottom of said supporting stand facing the main roof structure, and the thickness of the shoe members is set such that, when these solar battery modules are laid over the roof lateral end waterproofing material of the main roof structure, the bottom of the supporting stand which is raised by these shoe members does not crush the bent-back portion of said roof lateral end waterproofing material. 7. The solar battery module according to claim 6 wherein the thickness of the shoe members is set to 4 to 5 mm. 8. The solar battery module according to claim 6 wherein the shoe members are provided in positions covering the apertures of screw holes formed in the bottom of the supporting stands. 9. The solar battery module according to claim 8 wherein the shoe members are provided with an increased thickness portion by means of a step, the apertures of the screw holes being positioned at these increased thickness portions. 10. The solar battery module according to claim 6 wherein the shoe members are moldings having elasticity. 11. The solar battery module according to claim 10 wherein the shoe members are of JISA hardness 50 to 70. 12. The solar battery module according to claim 10 wherein the shoe members are made of EPDM or chloroprene. 13. The solar battery module according to claim 6 wherein the shoe members are specially shaped extrusion moldings. 14. The solar battery module according to claim 6 wherein the leading end location on the ridge side on the bottom face of the shoe members is a sliding surface. 15. The solar battery module according to claim 14 wherein the leading end location on the ridge side on the bottom face of the shoe members has one-sided tacky adhesive tape stuck onto it and a continuous remaining part of this tacky adhesive tape is stuck onto a supporting stand. 16. The solar battery module according to claim 15 wherein said one-sided tacky adhesive tape is provided with a surface having sliding properties. 17. An installed solar battery module structure wherein a plurality of solar battery modules are disposed and installed on a main roof structure, in which: each solar battery module comprises: a solar battery constituting a roofing member and a supporting stand provided on the eaves-side end of the back face of this solar battery and whereby this solar battery is fixed to the main roof structure, in which a mounting groove that receives the ridge-side end of a solar battery of a solar battery module that is adjacently disposed on the eaves side is formed in said supporting stand, a recessed part that extends along the eaves side from the ridge side is formed in one left or right side of the solar battery module, a projecting part of a shape that will enter said recessed part is formed on the other side end of a solar battery module and waterproofing means is provided that, in a condition in which said projecting part is inserted into a corresponding recessed part of an adjacently disposed solar battery module at the side, prevents circulation of rainwater invading to the upper surface of this projecting part to the lower surface, a gasket capping the ridge side end of a solar battery of a solar battery module adjacently disposed on said eaves side and formed with a prescribed length is mounted in the interior of a mounting groove of said supporting stand and the joint portion of adjacent ends in gaskets of each of mutually adjacent battery modules on the left and right sides is positioned corresponding to the upper surface of the projecting part of a solar battery module disposed adjacently on the eaves side of these solar battery modules or the projecting part inserted into said recessed part. 18. The installed solar battery module structure according to claim 17 wherein said recessed part is formed between a solar battery module and a thermally insulating support member for backing provided on the lower surface side thereof. 19. An installed solar battery module structure wherein a plurality of solar battery modules are disposed and installed on a main roof structure, in which: each solar battery module comprises: a solar battery constituting a roofing member, a mounting member provided on the lower surface of the solar battery by joining at the upper surface thereof, a thermally insulating supporting member for backing formed of elastic material provided on the lower surface of said mounting member by joining at the upper surface thereof and a supporting stand provided on the eaves-side end of the lower surface of said mounting member whereby said solar battery is fixed to the main roof structure, a plurality of these being disposed in mutually adjacent fashion on the main roof structure, in which a mounting groove that receives the ridge-side end of a solar battery of a solar battery module that is adjacently disposed on the eaves side is formed in said supporting stand and a recessed part is formed by a gap that extends along the eaves side from the ridge side between the lower surface of said solar battery and the upper surface of the thermally insulating supporting member, which gap is faced by one side end of said mounting member, in one left or right side end of the solar battery module, a projecting part of a shape that will enter said recessed part is formed on the other side end of a solar battery module by a location that projects outwards beyond said solar battery and thermally insulating support member, which location is on the other side end of said mounting member, waterproofing means is provided that, in a condition in which said projecting part is inserted into a corresponding recessed part of an adjacently disposed solar battery module at the side, prevents circulation of rainwater invading to the upper surface of this projecting part to the lower surface, a gasket fitted onto the ridge side end of a solar battery of a solar battery module adjacently disposed on said eaves side and formed with a prescribed length is mounted in the interior of a mounting groove of said supporting stand and the joint portion of adjacent ends in gaskets of each of mutually adjacently disposed battery modules on the left and right sides is positioned corresponding to the upper surface of the projecting part of a solar battery module disposed adjacently on the eaves side of these solar battery modules or the projecting part inserted into said recessed part. 20. The installed solar battery module structure according to any one of claims 17 to 19 wherein a sealing member for sealing these joints is provided in a location where the joint portion of said gasket ends is positioned in said mounting groove. 21. The installed solar battery module structure according to claim 20 wherein said sealing member is provided in a condition compressed along the longitudinal direction of these gaskets by the ends of both adjacent gaskets. 22. The installed solar battery module structure according to claim 21 wherein the gaskets are mounted between pre-mounted sealing members in said mounting groove and the ridge side end of a solar battery of a solar battery module adjacently disposed on the eaves side is inserted into these gaskets. 23. The installed solar battery module structure according to claim 21 or 22 wherein said sealing members are compressed at both ends along the longitudinal direction of the gaskets by mounting gaskets of a length dimension greater than the separation between the opposite side faces of these sealing members between sealing members mounted beforehand in said mounting groove, by bending and deformation. 24. The installed solar battery module structure according to any one of claims 17 to 19 wherein water flow checking means is provided extending along both supporting stands of mutually adjacently disposed solar battery modules on the left and right sides that prevents invasion of rainwater between these supporting stands, the supporting bases being linked by these water flow checking means. 25. The installed solar battery module structure according to claim 24 wherein the water flow checking means is constituted by a water flow checking metal element which is a structural member made of metal having durability, the supporting stands of the solar battery modules being mutually electrically connected thereby through these water flow checking metal elements. 26. The installed solar battery module structure according to claim 25 wherein the water flow checking metal element is constituted by a plate-shaped structural member made of metal having durability, screw securing portions that are fixed in respective adjacent supporting stands being provided at both ends in the longitudinal direction thereof. 27. The installed solar battery module structure according to claim 26 wherein a slot whereby temporary securing is effected slidably along the longitudinal direction with respect to the supporting stand in a screw securing portion at one end of the water flow checking metal element and in a screw securing portion at the other end an open hole that is C-shaped in plan view and that receives the shank of a loosened mounting screw is provided in a supporting stand adjacent to said supporting stand and the screw securing portion of the one end having said slot is fixed after the screw securing portion at the other end has been fixed by a mounting screw received in said open hole. 28. The installed solar battery module structure according to claim 27 wherein an engagement portion that is engaged by the finger of a worker during sliding is provided in the vicinity of the screw securing portion at the one end of the water flow checking metal element. 29. The installed solar battery module structure according to any one of claims 26 to 28 wherein the water flow checking metal element is constituted of stainless steel sheet whose surface has been color-painted or chemically colorized and where a conductive portion that is not color-painted or chemically colorized is provided at the mounting screw fixing positions of the screw securing portions. 30. The installed solar battery module structure according to claim 26 wherein the screw securing portions are fixed using the mounting screws whereby the solar batteries are fixed to the supporting stands. 31. The installed solar battery module structure according to claim 25 wherein the electrical resistance between the supporting stands is less than 0.1 0. 32. The installed solar battery module structure according to claim 25 wherein at least one supporting stand is grounded to earth by means of a water flow checking metal element having an earthing function. 33. The installed solar battery module structure according to any one of claims 17 to 19 wherein said waterproofing means comprises a gutter construction wherein the projecting end of said mounting member is higher on the upper surface side than in other portions thereof. 34. The installed solar battery module structure according to claim 33 wherein said waterproofing means forms said gutter construction by the projecting end of said mounting member being bent in practically U-shape on the upper surface side. 35. The installed solar battery module structure according to any one of claims 17 to 19 wherein a plurality of shoe members are disposed at the bottom of said supporting stand facing the main roof structure, and the thickness of the shoe members is set such that, when these solar battery modules are laid over the roof lateral end waterproofing material of the main roof structure, the bottom of the supporting stand which is raised by these shoe members does not crush the bent-back portion of said roof lateral end waterproofing material. 36. A roof having a power-generating function having an installed solar battery module structure according to any one of claims 17 to 35. 37. A roof having a power-generating function having an installed solar battery module structure according to claim 32 wherein a water flow checking metal element having an earthing function has its one end connected with the supporting stand of a solar battery module that is laid over the roof lateral end waterproofing material and has its other end connected with the roof lateral end waterproofing material. 38. A method of installing solar battery modules wherein a plurality of solar battery modules are disposed and installed on a main roof structure wherein each solar battery module comprises a solar battery constituting a roofing member and a supporting stand provided on the eaves-side end of the back face of this solar battery module and whereby this solar battery is fixed to the main roof structure, a plurality of these being disposed in mutually adjacent fashion on the main roof structure, in which: a mounting groove that receives the ridge-side end of a solar battery of a solar battery module that is adjacently disposed on the eaves side is formed in said supporting stand, a recessed part that extends along the eaves side from the ridge side is formed in one left or right side end of the solar battery module, a projecting part of a shape that will enter said recessed part is formed on the other side end of a solar battery module and waterproofing means is provided that, in a condition in which said projecting part is inserted into a corresponding recessed part of an adjacently disposed solar battery module at the side, prevents circulation of rainwater invading to the upper surface of this projecting part to the lower surface; comprising: a step of providing water flow checking means that prevents invasion of rainwater covering the gap between these supporting stands extending over both supporting stands of solar battery modules that are adjacently disposed on the left and right sides and linking these supporting stands by these water flow checking means; a step of mounting gaskets formed in a prescribed length in the interior of a mounting groove in a supporting stand of an already-installed solar battery module such that the joint portion of adjacent ends of the gaskets that are adjacently disposed in the longitudinal direction is positioned corresponding to the upper face of said projecting part of a solar battery module that is adjacently disposed on the eaves side or of a projecting part that is inserted in said recessed part; a step of inserting the ridge-side end of a solar battery of a solar battery module that is adjacently disposed on the eaves side in said gasket; and a step of mounting said projecting part or recessed part of a solar battery module that is adjacently disposed on the eaves side with a corresponding recessed part or projecting part of a solar battery module that is adjacently disposed at the side thereof. 39. The method of installing solar battery modules according to claim 38 comprising a step of arranging sealing members for sealing these joints at the locations where the joint portions of said gasket ends are positioned in said mounting grooves, the separation between their opposite side faces being set to be smaller than the length dimensions of said gaskets and a step of mounting said sealing members by compressing them at both their ends along the length direction of the gaskets by bending deformation of these gaskets by the step of mounting the gaskets in the mounting grooves. 40. The method of installing solar battery modules according to claim 38 wherein said water flow checking means is constituted by a water flow checking metal element which is a metal structural element having durability and the supporting stands of the solar battery modules are mutually electrically connected through these water flow checking metal elements by the step of linking the supporting stands. 41. The method of installing solar battery modules according to claim 40 wherein said water flow checking metal element is provided with a slot whereby temporary securing is effected slidably along the longitudinal direction with respect to the supporting stand in a screw securing portion at one end thereof and in a screw securing portion at the other end an open hole that is C-shaped in plan view and that receives the shank of a loosened mounting screw is provided in a supporting stand adjacent to said supporting stand and in the step of linking said supporting stands the screw securing portion of the one end having said slot is fixed after the screw securing portion at the other end has been fixed by a mounting screw received in the open hole by sliding this water flow checking metal element that was temporarily secured in the one supporting stand in said slot. 