An open window security lock, subject of this petition for letters patent, consists of a staff having means for attachment of the staff to the window. Attachment means may comprise one or more suction cups. The suction cup is connected to the staff and attached by suction to a window. Typically the staff is mounted on the vertical surface of a window pane with one staff end touching an immobile portion of the window frame or touching an upper sash which moves independently of the sash containing the glass on which the suction cup is attached. The other staff end may be free or may be touching a mobile portion of the window frame at its maximum user selected safe protection open value. The user selected safe protection open value is of sufficiently small opening to protect the window interior space from entry by an intruder from the exterior space. The staff prevents forcing the partially open window any further open to gain access to an area. An optional feature includes an alarm mounted with the staff which alarm is set off by a switch. The switch is activated by force applied to a sliding glass window. The alarm is activated by a switch such as a contact switch, motion sensing switch, capacitance switch, magnet activated reed switch, or pressure electric switch. Any of such electric switches can be part of the staff composite. The above described device is portable in the sense that only suction or other readily released fastener holds it to the real estate or other structure and allows readily removal to a new installation. The invention acts as a lock for either zero opening of a window or a chosen partial restricted opening distance. Addition of a solar cell, a rechargeable electric storage cell, and wireless data exchange means makes the assembly capable of being tied into a total building security system network.
Claims We claim: 1. A portable device for locking a sliding window and the like comprising a staff serving as a compression column and said device comprising temporary fastening means mounted on said staff to position said staff between a moveable frame portion of a sliding window and a second frame portion of the sliding window whereby said staff acting as a compression column can be mounted in proximity to the glass of a sliding glass window to intercept the moveable frame and lock the moveable frame portion to a fixed position. 2. The portable device of claim 1 wherein said staff is of adjustable length, such as to enable said sliding glass window to be completely locked closed and said staff may lock said sliding glass window in partially open positions of such positions as may be selected in use. 3. A portable device for locking sliding windows and the like as described in claim 1 wherein said temporary fastening means mounted on said staff comprises a suction cup which suction cup is fashioned to be connected to the staff and fashioned to be attached by suction to a window. 4. The device according to claim 1 comprising an alarm and means for activating said alarm when there is an attempt to make entry from the outside of the window 5. The device according to claim 4 in which said means for activating said alarm comprises an electric switch mounted on an end of said staff whereby a force applied to said window to open it further or to open it at all will activate said electric switch which in turn will activate said alarm. 6. The device according to claim 4 in which said means for activating said alarm comprises a motion sensing electric switch. 7. The device according to claim 4 in which said means for activating said alarm comprises a pressure sensing electric switch. 8 The device according to claim 4 in which said means for activating said alarm comprises a vibration sensing electric switch. 9. The device according to claim 2 having clamping means to fix the length of said staff wherein the length clamping means is a spring loaded detent button positioned as a shear pin from one portion of said staff into a shear pin hole in the second portion of said adjustable length staff. 10. The device according to claim 2 having clamping means to fix the length of said staff wherein the adjustable length clamping means is a metal collar with a set screw. 11. The device according to claim 2 having clamping means to fix the length of said staff wherein the length clamping means comprises a set screw threaded into one member of said staff. 12. The device according to claim 2 having clamping means to fix the length of said staff wherein the length clamping means is a metal band hose type clamp. 13. The device according to claim 2 having clamping means to fix the length of said staff wherein the length clamping means comprises an eccentrically pinned lever with a rocker curved burr that digs into the moveable introduced portion of the staff member to thereby lock the assembly to a fixed overall staff length. 14. A solar energized electric cell mounted on a window glass used to activate sensor means. 15 The solar energized electric cell of claim 14 used to activate signaling means. 16. The solar energized electric cell of claim 14 having a rechargeable electric storage means wherein the composite is used to store energy to serve a security protection system. 17. A portable device for mounting on windows and the like comprising a staff member which staff comprises means for mounting itself on the window and serves as a mounting location for a device capable of converting solar energy into electric energy and comprises in associated location electric storage means and comprises a least one device for useful utilization of said electric energy. 18. The total of claim 17 wherein said device for useful utilization of said electric energy is selected from the class comprising a wireless transmitter, a wireless receiver, a sonic signaling means, a smoke detector, a carbon monoxide detector, a temperature sensor, a motion sensor, a microprocessor logic device, a vibration sensor, an infrared sensor, an ultraviolet sensor, a visible light sensor, a voice recognition means, a moisture sensor, a humidity sensor, a barometric pressure sensor, a vibration sensor. 19. The total device identified in claim 17 with wireless transmitter means and in location separate therefrom having a wireless signal receiver means such that said wireless transmitter means communicates with said wireless signal receiver means. 20. The total device identified in claim 17 and having in a second window location another total device identified in claim 10, each having wireless transmitter means, all in combination with a wireless receiver means whereby said wireless transmitter means may communicate with said wireless receiver means. 