A mailbox includes a box having a box wall with a panel opening, the panel opening being fitted with a translucent panel marked with indicia; an electric power source; a light source secured relative to the box and positioned to radiate light from within the box through the translucent panel to enhance visibility of the indicia; and a light source circuit electrically interconnecting the power source and the light source.
Claims I claim as my invention: 1. A mailbox, comprising: a translucent panel; a box having a box wall with a panel opening, said panel opening containing said translucent panel marked with indicia; an electric power source; a light source secured relative to said box and positioned to radiate light from within said box through said translucent panel to enhance visibility of said indicia; and a light source circuit electrically interconnecting said power source and said light source. 2. The mailbox of claim 1, where said panel is formed of diffuse, nontransparent plastic. 3. The mailbox of claim 1, wherein said indicia comprises one of: address numbers and alphabetic letters. 4. The mailbox of claim 1, wherein said box wall has a box wall exterior surface and wherein said light source circuit comprises a photocell and a photocell operated switch connected to said photocell, said photocell being mounted and oriented relative to said box wall exterior surface such that said photocell operated switch closes said light source circuit and thereby activates said light source when the intensity of ambient light outside said box falls below a certain minimum magnitude. 5. The mailbox of claim 4, wherein said box has a box rear portion and wherein said photocell is secured to said box rear portion. 6. The mailbox of claim 1, wherein said box has a box top portion and wherein said light source is secured within said box within said box top portion, such that mail within said box does not obstruct the passage of light from said light source to said translucent panel. 7. The mailbox of claim 1, wherein said electric power source comprises one of: a battery mounted to battery mounting means; a power cable extending from said box to a remote power source; and a rechargeable battery electrically connected to a solar panel located outside said box. 8. The mailbox of claim 1, wherein said box is formed of opaque material. 9. The mailbox of claim 1, wherein said box is formed of translucent and diffuse material such that substantially all of said box is illuminated by said light source. 10. The mailbox of claim 1, wherein said box wall comprises a box bottom wall, opposing first and second box side walls, a box top wall and a box back wall, said walls being interconnected to form a box enclosure, and a box door having a rearwardly extending sealing flange and being hingedly secured to said box bottom wall to pivot upwardly to fit against said box side walls and said box top wall such that said sealing flange fits snugly around said box side walls and said box wall, thereby closing said box. 11. The mailbox of claim 10, wherein said box top wall comprises a light source housing in the form of an inverted channel opening into said box and retaining said light source. 12. The mailbox of claim 11, wherein said panel opening comprises a panel mounting structure into which a corresponding said panel is removably fitted to close said panel opening, said panel mounting structure comprising two substantially parallel L-shaped track members mounted to a box side wall on opposing sides of said panel opening to each define a guide channel, said guide channels opening toward each other and spaced from each other and sized in width to slidingly receive said corresponding translucent panel. 13. The mailbox of claim 12, additionally comprising a water seal between the given said panel and said guide channels. 14. A mailbox, comprising: a box formed of translucent plastic and having a box wall marked with indicia; an electric power source; a light source secured relative to said box and positioned to radiate light from within said box through said box wall to enhance visibility of said indicia; and a light source circuit electrically interconnecting said power source and said light source. 15. The mailbox of claim 14, wherein said translucent plastic is diffuse to diffuse light passing through said box. 