Solar cells operating in liquid have an increased operating efficiency resulting from two independent physical phenomena, an increase in output current from the solar cells from simply wetting the solar cells, and enhanced collection of light through refraction and inner reflection of light in the liquid. Dielectric liquids are found to increase output power efficiency of n/p junction solar cells and also function as a medium for optical concentration. The properties of dielectric liquid permit the construction of a solar cell panel with a suitable geometry for functioning as an optical concentrator.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar energy converter comprising: a dielectric liquid; one or more solar cells in contact with the dielectric liquid; and a panel container enclosing the dielectric liquid and one or more solar cells, the panel container having a substantially flat base on which said solar cells are supported so as to allow a front and back surface of each solar cell to contact said dielectric liquid, the container having a transparent lid and transparent side walls coupled to the base to allow sunlight into the panel container which is converted to electric energy. 2. A solar energy converter according to claim 1 further comprising: one or more n/p junction solar cells; and a dielectric liquid that increases output current from the n/p junction solar cells by wetting the solar cells and enhances collection of the light through refraction and inner reflection of the light in the dielectric liquid. 3. A solar energy converter according to claim 1 further comprising: a panel container having a base, which supports said one or more solar cells with a space or a reserve under the solar cells to allow said dielectric liquid to wet the back surface of each of said one or more solar cells. 4. A solar energy converter according to claim 1 further comprising: a panel container having a transparent lid to introduce sunlight into the inner space of said container and having transparent lateral walls forming a lens that focuses sunlight through the dielectric liquid to the one or more solar cells. 5. A solar energy converter according to claim 1 wherein: the container has a base and cover area that is substantially larger than total surface area covered by the one or more solar cells to enlarge the area of the side walls. 6. A solar energy converter according to claim 1 further comprising: a container in the configuration of a low height cylindrical structure with a substantially flat panel tray covering a first end of the cylinder and a panel cover or lid covering a second end of the cylinder, cylinder having a cross-sectional geometry selected from among a circle, an ellipse, an oval, an egg-shape, a rectangle, a triangle, a square and being selected from among a symmetric shape and an asymmetric shape. 7. A solar energy converter according to claim 1 further comprising: a dielectric liquid that is selected from among organic dielectric liquids with a relatively high refractive index. 8. A solar energy converter according to claim 1 further comprising: an organic dielectric liquid selected from among safe or less hazardous liquids such as propylene glycol and the Cargille immersion liquid code 1160. 9. A solar energy converter according to claim 1 further comprising: a dielectric liquid selected based on the melting point and the boiling point of various liquids for solar energy systems according to seasonal weather and climate of usage. 10. A solar energy converter comprising: a liquid; one or more solar cells distributed in contact with the liquid; a solar cell mounting table providing a space under the solar cell in which said liquid can collect to contact a back surface of one or more of said solar cells; and an encapsulating system enclosing the liquid and the one or more solar cells mounted on the solar cell mounting table, the encapsulating system having a substantially flat base, the encapsulating system having transparent lateral panel walls coupled to the flat base to form a lens that focuses sunlight through the liquid to the one or more solar cells, the walls enhancing collection of light through the walls and through the liquid and optically concentrating the sunlight to the one or more solar cells. 11. A solar energy converter according to claim 10 further comprising: an encapsulation system having a transparent cover that collects solar illumination through the liquid. 12. A solar energy converter according to claim 10 further comprising: an encapsulation system having transparent lateral walls forming a lens to widely collect the sunlight beams to the one or more solar cells through the liquid to be converted to electric energy. 13. A solar energy converter according to claim 10 further comprising: an encapsulation system comprising walls and cover at least partially constructed from transparent glass or plastic. 14. A solar energy converter according to claim 10 wherein: the encapsulation system has a base and cover area that is substantially larger than total surface area covered by the one or more solar cells. 15. A solar energy converter according to claim 10 further comprising: an encapsulation system in the configuration of a low height cylindrical structure with a substantially flat panel tray covering a first end of the cylinder and a panel cover or lid covering a second end of the cylinder, cylinder having a cross-sectional geometry selected from among a circle, an ellipse, an oval, an egg-shape, a rectangle, a triangle, a square and being selected from among a symmetric shape and an asymmetric shape. 16. A solar energy converter according to claim 10, wherein said liquid comprises a highly refractive dielectric liquid which can maintain the liquid state in the range from the lowest through the highest temperature climates on earth. 17. A solar energy converter according to claim 10, wherein said dielectric liquid is selected from among safe or non hazardous materials, including propylene glycol and Cargille's immersion liquid #1160. 18. A solar energy converter comprising; a liquid; one or more solar cells distributed in contact with the liquid; a solar cell mounting table providing a space under the one or more solar cells in which a reserve of the liquid can be maintained to contact a back surface of each of said one or more solar cells; and an encapsulating system enclosing the liquid, the mounting table, and the one or more solar cells, the encapsulating system having a substantially flat base and having a transparent cover or lid that transmits direct and scattered rays of sunlight into the inner space of the encapsulating system, said encapsulating system having transparent walls coupled to the base to form windows that introduce direct and scattered rays of sunlight into the system. 19. A solar energy converter according to claim 18 wherein; said encapsulating system has a base and cover area that is just large enough to cover the total area occupied by a solar cell array consisting of one or more solar cells. 20. A solar energy converter according to claim 18 further comprising; said encapsulation system has a low height dome or cylindrical structure with a substantially flat tray tightly covering a first end of the cylinder and a panel cover or lid tightly covering a second end of the cylinder, the cylinder having a cross-sectional geometry selected from among a circle, an ellipse, an oval, an egg shape, a rectangle, a triangle and being selected from among a symmetric or anti-symmetric shape. 21. A solar energy converter according to claim 18 further comprising: a liquid being a highly refractive dielectric liquid having a low enough melting point and a high enough boiling point so that the liquid can maintain the stable liquid state for the change of seasonal weather and climate of usage. 22. A solar energy converter according to claim 18 wherein: a liquid is selected from among less hazardous or safe organic dielectric liquids such as propylene glycol and the Cargille immersion liquid code 1160. 23. A solar energy converter comprising: a dielectric liquid; an array of solar cells distributed in contact with said dielectric liquid; and a solar cell mounting table which supports an array of the solar cells to allow both the front and back surfaces of the solar cells to contact the dielectric liquid; an encapsulation system enclosing the dielectric liquid and said array of solar cells mounted on said mounting table, the encapsulating system having a flat base supporting said mounting table and having a transparent dome lid that forms a lens by combination with the said dielectric liquid and collects light from all angles and directs said light to said array of solar cells. 24. A solar energy converter according to claim 23, wherein said dielectric liquid comprises a highly refractive liquid and is selected from among safe or non hazardous materials, including propylene glycol and Cargille's immersion liquid #1160 