A process for manipulating particles distributed substantially non-uniformly in a plasma of a carrier or reaction gas, wherein Coulomb interaction between the particles is so low that the particles substantially do not form a plasmacrystalline state, and the particles are exposed in a location-selective manner to external adjustment forces and/or the plasma conditions are subjected to a location-selective change to apply at least a portion of the particles onto a substrate surface mask-free and/or subject it to a location-selective plasma treatment in the carrier or reaction gas.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A process for manipulating particles distributed substantially non-uniformly in a plasma of a carrier or reaction gas, wherein Coulomb interaction between the particles is so low that the particles substantially do not form a plasmacrystalline state, and the particles are exposed in a location-selective manner to external adjustment forces and/or the plasma conditions are subjected to a location-selective change to apply at least a portion of the particles onto a substrate surface mask-free and/or subject it to a location-selective plasma treatment in the carrier or reaction gas. 2. The process according to claim 1, wherein the distance of the particles from the substrate surface is altered by moving the substrate surface, exposure to external adjustment forces and/or a change in plasma conditions until the particles adhere at least in part to the substrate surface. 3. The process according to claim 1, wherein the external adjustment forces are generated in a location-selective manner via a particle discharge, a particle charge reversal or a light radiation pressure. 4. The process according to claim 3, wherein the particle discharge or particle charge reversal takes place via a location-selective UV or electron irradiation or a laser charge reversal of the particles. 5. The process according to claim 1, wherein the change in plasma conditions encompasses a change in the plasma pressure, plasma temperature, the carrier gas, the plasma energy and/or operating frequency of the plasma, deactivation of plasma generation and/or an influencing of electrical fields in the area of the particles. 6. The process according to claim 5, wherein the influence exerted on the field encompasses setting a static or low-frequency variable electrical field such that the particles become arranged or move at a low frequency along a predetermined, bent surface or in an area with predetermined boundaries. 7. The process according to claim 1, wherein the particles are elongated into a rod-shape, and applied to the substrate surface such that the rod shape essentially extends perpendicular from the substrate surface. 8. The process according to claim 1, wherein the particles are formed in the reaction gas or introduced into the plasma from outside. 9. The process according to claim 8, wherein, while coating takes place by plasma CVD deposition on the substrate surface from the reaction gas, particles formed in the reaction gas are manipulated and/or simultaneously embedded in the coating. 10. The process according to claim 9, wherein nanocrystalline semiconductor particles are embedded in a semiconductor layer according to a predetermined deposition pattern. 11. The process according to claim 10, wherein the semiconductor layer with the embedded nanocrystalline semiconductor particles is part of a photovoltaic device. 12. The process according to claim 1, wherein the particles have characteristic sizes of a few nanometers to about 10 nm. 13. A device for manipulating particles in a plasma of a carrier or reaction gas comprising a reaction vessel containing means for plasma formation from a high-frequency electrode and a counter-electrode, wherein said high-frequency electrode and said counter-electrode are adapted for providing plasma conditions in the reaction vessel such that Coulomb interaction between the particles is so low that the particles substantially do not form a plasmacrystalline state, said reaction vessel containing: a substrate for deposition of at least a portion of the particles; field-forming structure for location-selective manipulation of the particles, means for the location-selective particle discharge or charge reversal, and/or means for exerting a radiation pressure, and monitoring means and/or a controller. 14. The device according to claim 13, wherein said means for plasma formation are tabular, essentially parallel plasma electrodes which generate a gas or glow discharge in the carrier gas, between which the substrate is moveably arranged. 15. The device according to claim 13, wherein said field-forming structure includes an electrode arrangement as part of the high-frequency electrode, with a multiplicity of electrode segments jointly exposed to a high-frequency voltage together, and individually exposed to a d.c. voltage or low-frequency voltage. 16. The device according to claim 15, wherein each electrode segment is connected with a coupling circuit, comprised of a coupling and load capacitor, which substantially simultaneously injects high-frequency voltage from a high-frequency generator and charge based on a predetermined output voltage of a control voltage circuit. 17. The device according to claim 15, wherein the electrode segments are arranged as a matrix in rows and columns in one plane. 18. The device according to claim 16, wherein the electrode segments include point electrodes, whose electrode surfaces are substantially smaller than the entire surface of the high-frequency electrode arrangement. 19. The device according to claim 15, wherein the electrode segments are combined into electrode sub-units. 20. The device according to claim 15, wherein the electrode segments are provided with an insulation plate, whose front face points to a reaction vessel for plasma formation, and which contains a socket for each electrode segment, wherein the sockets accommodate plug-in units. 21. The device according to claim 20, wherein each plug-in unit carries a plate with injection and control circuits. 22. The device according to claim 21, wherein the boards are arranged in a space placed under a vacuum. 23. The device according to claim 21, wherein the boards are situated in a space filled with an insulating liquid. 24. The device according to claims 19, wherein said electrode sub-units are each connected with a combination comprised of a multiplex circuit and demultiplex circuit, wherein the multiplex circuit establishes a connection between one of numerous output voltages of a control voltage circuit and the input of the demultiplex circuit in response to control signals, and the demultiplex circuit relays the selected output voltage to one of the electrode segments of the respective electrode sub-unit. 25. The device according to claim 24, wherein the electrode segments are sequentially exposed to output voltages of the control voltage circuit. 