The present invention provides an electric wheel structure capable of being directly driven by motor power, wherein a wheel, a motor, and a power transmission structure are jointly structured to directly drive an electric wheel. The object is to provide a better power transmission efficiency and avoid the contamination of external environment to the power transmission structure, thereby enhancing the power transmission efficiency, lengthening the lifetime of use of the electric vehicle, and simplifying the maintenance. The present invention lets the power transmission structure directly drive a wheel axle. A support frame bearing is installed between the wheel axle and a wheel support frame, and is used as a transmission interface between the vehicle load and the wheel axle. The motor structure body is fixedly installed at the wheel support frame. The power transmission output end directly drives the wheel axle to lead the wheel structure to rotate.
Claims I claim: 1. An electric wheel structure capable of being directly driven by motor power, comprising: a wheel structure comprising a wheel body, a wheel axle, a wheel support frame, and a support frame bearing, said support frame bearing being installed at a bearing cavity of said wheel support frame, said wheel axle passing through the inner diameter of said support frame bearing and a central match hole of said wheel body, at least one end of said wheel axle protruding out of an end face of said support frame bearing as a mounting axle end, said wheel axle bearing the vehicle load via said support frame bearing and said support frame, said mounting axle end also corresponding to said motor power transmission structure to synchronously rotate so as to drive said wheel body to rotate; and a motor power transmission structure comprising a motor and a deceleration gear set, said motor including an axle gear for torsion output, said axle gear engaging an input end gear of said deceleration gear set to rotate correspondingly, said deceleration gear set having an output portion of reduced rotation speed but correspondingly enlarged torsion, said output portion having a torsion output mounting end, said torsion output mounting end being slipped with said mounting axle end of said wheel axle, said torsion output mounting end and said mounting axle end being mounted together for transmission of motor's torsion output. 2. The electric wheel structure capable of being directly driven by motor power as claimed in claim 1, wherein said torsion output mounting end of said deceleration gear output portion comprises a tightly installed unidirectional rotation bearing, said mounting axle end of said wheel axle should be slipped into the inner diameter of said unidirectional rotation bearing, said unidirectional rotation bearing only transmits torsion output of motor, said wheel axle corresponding to said deceleration gear output portion will idle and will not transmit torsion output of motor when said motor does not generate torsion or the rotation speed of said deceleration gear output portion is lower than the rotation speed of said wheel. 3. The electric wheel structure capable of being directly driven by motor power as claimed in claim 1, wherein the geometrical structure of said torsion output mounting end of said deceleration gear output portion corresponds to that of said mounting axle end, said torsion output mounting end and said mounting axle end can be mounted and slipped together, and motor power is outputted via the mounted and slipped end to said wheel body. 4. The electric wheel structure capable of being directly driven by motor power as claimed in claim 1, wherein said wheel body comprises a wheel's unidirectional rotation bearing concentrically and tightly installed in a central unidirectional bearing hole of said wheel body, said wheel axle passes through and is positioned at the inner diameter of said wheel's unidirectional rotation bearing, motor power is transmitted by the transmission structure to let said wheel axle and said wheel's unidirectional rotation bearing drive said wheel body to rotate, said wheel axle corresponding to said wheel body will idle and will not transmit torsion output of motor when said motor does not generate torsion or the rotation speed of said wheel axle is lower than the rotation speed of said wheel. 5. The electric wheel structure capable of being directly driven by motor power as claimed in claim 1, wherein said wheel body comprises a wheel's unidirectional rotation bearing and a wheel support rotation bearing, said wheel's unidirectional rotation bearing is concentrically and tightly installed in a central unidirectional bearing hole of said wheel body, said wheel support rotation bearing is concentrically slipped at an outside end of said wheel's unidirectional rotation bearing, said wheel axle passes through the inner diameter of said wheel's unidirectional rotation bearing and the inner diameter of said wheel support rotation bearing, said wheel's unidirectional rotation bearing only transmits torsion output of motor, said wheel axle corresponding to said wheel body will idle and will not transmit torsion output of motor when said motor does not generate torsion or the rotation speed of said wheel axle is lower than the rotation speed of said wheel. 6. The electric wheel structure capable of being directly driven by motor power as claimed in claim 1, wherein said mounting axle end of said wheel axle and said torsion output mounting end of said deceleration gear output portion are tightly joined together. 7. The electric wheel structure capable of being directly driven by motor power as claimed in claim 1, wherein said deceleration gear set is a planetary gear module, said torsion output bearing gear is a solar gear, said solar gear equiangularly engages a plurality of planetary gears, said plurality of planetary gears then equiangularly engage inner gears at outer edge, said solar gear, said planetary gears, and said inner gears equiangularly engage one another to decelerate the rotation speed and enlarge the torsion output of motor. 8. The electric wheel structure capable of being directly driven by motor power as claimed in claim 1, wherein at least one of said wheel support frame is installed between said wheel body and said motor power transmission structure to let said wheel body be a unilaterally supported structure, another wheel support frame can also be installed at the other side of said wheel body to let said wheel body be a bilaterally supported structure, the geometrical structure of said wheel support frame is not limited to a specific type, and can be varied according to the matching requirement of the whole structure of an electric vehicle. 9. The electric wheel structure capable of being directly driven by motor power as claimed in claim 1, wherein the magnitude of outer diameter and the shape of said wheel body are not limited, and it is not restricted that said wheel structure be installed at any specific electric vehicle. 