The present invention is directed to spacecraft that have, for any reason, lost the spacecraft's service attitude that permits it to carry out the service operations for which it was designed. The invention provides methods and structures for acquiring and determining a power-safe attitude (i.e., one in which wing current is sufficient to support the spacecraft's housekeeping operations) from which the spacecraft can be subsequently returned to a service attitude. The methods are particularly useful because they a) require only a single star tracker for sensing attitude, comprise simple maneuvers, and typically acquire a power-safe attitude that does not significantly differ from the spacecraft's service attitude to thereby reduce the spacecraft's return-to-service time.
Claims We claim: 1. A method for acquiring and determining a power-safe attitude for subsequent return of a spacecraft to a service attitude, the method comprising the steps of: providing said spacecraft with at least one star tracker that has a field-of-view and with at least one solar wing that is rotatable about a wing axis of said spacecraft and generates a wing current that is substantially proportional to a solar radiation intercepted by said solar wing and that acquires a maximum current when said solar wing is orthogonal to said solar radiation; comparing said wing current to a predetermined wing-current threshold; monitoring said field-of-view for the presence of an identifiable set of stars; in response to a lack of an identifiable set of stars in said field-of-view and to said wing current failing to exceed said wing-current threshold, performing at least one of the steps of, a) at a rotation rate, rotating said solar wing about said wing axis; and b) at a slew rate, slewing said spacecraft about a slew axis that is tilted at least 30 degrees from said wing axis; and continuing at least one of said rotating and slewing steps to acquire a power-safe attitude in which said wing current exceeds said wing-current threshold and said field-of-view contains an identifiable set of stars which determines said power-safe attitude. 2. The method of claim 1, further including the step of urging said spacecraft from said power-safe attitude to said service attitude. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein said spacecraft orbits the earth which has a north-south axis and further including the step of urging said spacecraft from said power-safe attitude to an attitude in which said wing axis is substantially aligned with said north-south axis. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein said slew rate is substantially slower than said rotation rate. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein said rotation rate is on the order of 0.5 degree per second and said slew rate is on the order of 0.05 degree per second. 6. The method of claim 1, further including the step of performing at least one of the steps of, a) orbiting said spacecraft about the earth which has a north-south axis; b) in response to an identifiable set of stars in said field-of-view and to said wing current failing to exceed said wing-current threshold, urging said spacecraft from the attitude determined from said identifiable set of stars to a power-safe attitude in which said wing axis is substantially aligned with said north-south axis to thereby obtain a wing current that exceeds said wing-current threshold; and c) in response to said wing current exceeding said wing-current threshold and to a lack of an identifiable set of stars in said field-of-view, successively incrementing said spacecraft about said slew axis by an angular increment to acquire a power-safe attitude that is determined by an identifiable set of stars in said field-of-view and that continues to obtain a wing current that exceeds said wing-current threshold. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein said angular interval has a magnitude substantially one-half that of said field-of-view. 8. The method of claim 6, wherein said angular interval has a magnitude substantially that of said field-of-view. 9. The method of claim 1, wherein said slewing step includes the step of slewing said spacecraft about at least one additional slew axis that is tilted at least 30 degrees from said wing axis to thereby acquire said power-safe attitude. 10. The method of claim 1, wherein said slew axis is tilted at least 60 degrees from said wing axis. 11. The method of claim 1, wherein said slew axis is tilted substantially 90 degrees from said wing axis. 12. The method of claim 1, wherein said wing-current threshold is at least 50% of said maximum current. 13. The method of claim 1, further including the steps of: providing said spacecraft with an antenna that has a maximum gain directed along an antenna axis that is tilted at least 80 degrees from said wing axis; and selecting said slew axis to be substantially coaxial with said antenna axis. 14. The method of claim 1, wherein said identifiable set of stars includes at least one star that has a magnitude of at least five. 15. The method of claim 1, wherein said slewing step includes the step of urging said spacecraft about said slew axis with thrusters. 16. The method of claim 1, wherein said slewing step includes the step of urging said spacecraft about said slew axis with momentum wheels. 17. The method of claim 1, wherein: said at least one solar wing comprises first and second solar wings that are independently rotatable about said wing axis; and said rotating step includes the step of initially rotating said first and second wings in opposite directions. 18. The method of claim 1, further including the steps of: detecting intrusion of said star tracker; and reversing the orientation of said spacecraft along said wing axis to thereby avoid said intrusion. 19. A method for acquiring and determining a power-safe attitude for subsequent return of a spacecraft to a service attitude in an orbit about the earth which has a north-south axis, comprising the steps of: providing said spacecraft with at least one star tracker that has a field-of-view and with at least one solar wing that is rotatable about a wing axis of said spacecraft and generates a wing current that is substantially proportional to a solar radiation intercepted by said solar wing and that acquires a maximum current when said solar wing is orthogonal to said solar radiation; comparing said wing current to a predetermined wing-current threshold; monitoring said field-of-view for the presence of an identifiable set of stars; and performing at least one of the steps of, a) at a rotation rate, rotating said solar wing about said wing axis; b) at a slew rate, slewing said spacecraft about a slew axis that is tilted substantially 90 degrees from said wing axis; c) in response to an identifiable set of stars in said field-of-view and to said wing current failing to exceed said wing-current threshold, urging said spacecraft from the attitude determined from said identifiable set of stars to a power-safe attitude in which said wing axis is substantially aligned with said north-south axis to thereby obtain a wing current that exceeds said wing-current threshold; and d) in response to said wing current exceeding said wing-current threshold and to a lack of an identifiable set of stars in said field-of-view, successively incrementing said spacecraft about said slew axis by an angular increment to acquire a power-safe attitude that is determined by an identifiable set of stars in said field-of-view and that continues to obtain a wing current that exceeds said wing-current threshold; until a power-safe attitude is obtained in which said wing current exceeds said wing-current threshold and said field-of-view contains an identifiable set of stars which determines said power-safe attitude. 20. The method of claim 19, further including the step of urging said spacecraft from said power-safe attitude to said service attitude. 21. The method of claim 19, wherein said slew rate is substantially slower than said rotation rate. 22. The method of claim 19, wherein said angular interval has a magnitude that does not exceed said field-of-view. 23. The method of claim 19, wherein said wing-current threshold is at least 50% of said maximum current. 24. The method of claim 19, wherein said identifiable set of stars includes at least one star that has a magnitude of at least five. 25. A method for acquiring a power-safe attitude for a spin axis of a spinning spacecraft, comprising the steps of: providing said spacecraft with at least one solar wing that is stowed to present an array portion that is substantially parallel to said spin axis wherein said array portion generates an array current that is substantially proportional to a solar radiation intercepted by said solar wing and that acquires a maximum current when said array portion is orthogonal to said solar radiation; comparing said array current to a predetermined array-current threshold; and slewing said spin axis to successive orientations to acquire an array current in a final orientation that exceeds said array-current threshold; said final orientation is therby a power-safe attitude. 26. The method of claim 25, wherein said comparing step includes the steps of determining an average array current and comparing said average array current to said array-current threshold. 27. The method of claim 25, wherein said slewing step includes the steps of: observing the change of said array current in each of said successive orientations to determine a succeeding orientation that will increase said array current; and slewing said spin axis to said succeeding orientation. 28. The method of claim 25, further including the steps of: providing said spacecraft with at least one star tracker having a field-of-view; and determining said final orientation with an identifiable set of stars in said field-of-view. 29. A spacecraft that can acquire and determine a power-safe attitude for subsequent return of a spacecraft to a service attitude, the spacecraft comprising: a spacecraft body; at least one solar wing that is rotatable about a wing axis of said body and generates a wing current that is substantially proportional to a solar radiation intercepted by said solar wing and that acquires a maximum current when said solar wing is orthogonal to said solar radiation; at least one star tracker having a field-of-view and coupled to said body; a control processor; a wing actuator responsive to said processor for rotating said solar wing; and a torque generator coupled to said body and responsive to said processor for slewing said spacecraft; wherein said processor is programmed to perform the steps of: a) comparing said wing current to a predetermined wing-current threshold; and b) monitoring said field-of-view for the presence of an identifiable set of stars; c) in response to a lack of an identifiable set of stars in said field-of-view and to said wing current failing to exceed said wing-current threshold, performing at least one of the steps of, 1) at a rotation rate, rotating said solar wing about said wing axis; and 2) at a slew rate, slewing said spacecraft about a slew axis that is tilted at least 30 degrees from said wing axis; and d) continuing steps a, b and c to acquire a power-safe attitude in which said wing current exceeds said wing-current threshold and said field-of-view contains an identifiable set of stars which determines said power-safe attitude. 30. The spacecraft of claim 29, wherein said processor is programmed to perform the step of urging said spacecraft from said power-safe attitude to said service attitude. 31. The spacecraft of claim 29, wherein said slew rate is substantially slower than said rotation rate. 32. The spacecraft of claim 29, wherein said spacecraft is in orbit about the earth which has a north-south axis and wherein said processor is programmed to perform at least one of the steps of, a) in response to an identifiable set of stars in said field-of-view and to said wing current failing to exceed said wing-current threshold, urging said spacecraft from the attitude determined from said identifiable set of stars to a power-safe attitude in which said wing axis is substantially aligned with said north-south axis to thereby obtain a wing current that exceeds said wing-current threshold; and b) in response to said wing current exceeding said wing-current threshold and to a lack of an identifiable set of stars in said field-of-view, successively incrementing said spacecraft about said slew axis by an angular increment to acquire a power-safe attitude that is determined by an identifiable set of stars in said field-of-view and that continues to obtain a wing current that exceeds said wing-current threshold. 33. The spacecraft of claim 29, wherein said angular interval has a magnitude that does not exceed that of said field-of-view. 34. The spacecraft of claim 29, wherein said slew axis is tilted substantially 90 degrees from said wing axis. 35. The spacecraft of claim 29, wherein said wing-current threshold is at least 50% of said maximum current. 36. The spacecraft of claim 35, wherein said identifiable set of stars includes at least one star that has a magnitude of at least five. 37. The spacecraft of claim 29, further including an antenna that has a maximum gain directed along an antenna axis that is tilted at least 80 degrees from said wing axis and wherein said slew axis is substantially coaxial with said antenna axis. 38. The spacecraft of claim 29, wherein said torque generator comprises at least one thruster coupled to said body. 39. The spacecraft of claim 29, wherein said torque generator comprises at least one momentum wheel coupled to said body. 