A method for the in situ measurement of atomic hydrogen permeation into carbon steel from process streams under operating conditions of up to 3000 psi and temperatures up to 300.degree. F. includes providing a probe assembly having a test specimen electrode and a negatively charged counter electrode in a fluid-tight reservoir containing an electrolyte, applying a constant voltage across the electrodes, and mounting the probe assembly directly in contact with the process stream inside of a pipeline and passing electrical conductors from the probe through a supporting electrically non-conductive isolator positioned between the mounting assembly and the probe in order to directly measure and record permeation current flow between the probe electrodes.
Claims We claim: 1. An apparatus for the in situ measurement of atomic hydrogen permeation into carbon steel from process streams under operating conditions of up to 3000 psi and temperatures up to 300.degree. F., said apparatus comprising (a) a positively-charged test specimen electrode consisting of planar member of hydrogen damage-resistant steel alloy having an interior surface, the interior surface being provided with a coating of palladium, and an exterior surface to contact the process stream; (b) a fluid-tight reservoir containing a basic liquid electrolyte solution in communication with the palladium coating of the test specimen electrode; (c) a negatively charged counter electrode positioned in the electrolyte reservoir proximate the test specimen electrode for detecting changes in the electrolyte solution, said reservoir, test specimen electrode and counter electrode constituting a probe assembly; (d) means for maintaining a fixed electrical potential on the test specimen and counter electrodes; (e) a mounting assembly for supporting and positioning said probe assembly in contact with a process stream and for receiving electrical conductors joined to said probe assembly; (f) an electrically non-conductive isolator positioned between said mounting assembly and said probe assembly; and (g) means for measuring and recording current flow between the electrodes. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 in which the electrolyte is an aqueous solution of sodium hydroxide. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 where the mounting assembly comprises an industry standard access fitting. 4. The apparatus of claim 3 where the access fitting has a two-inch orifice. 5. The apparatus of claim 1 where the probe assembly is generally cylindrical and has a diameter for passage through an industry standard two-inch diameter access fitting. 6. The apparatus of claim 1 which further includes extension means for varying the position of the exterior surface of the test specimen electrode with respect to the interior surface of the wall of the pipeline or vessel. 7. The apparatus of claim 6 where the extension means is detachably joined to the non-conductive isolator opposite the probe assembly. 8. The apparatus of claim 7 where the extension means and isolator have a passage for receiving conductor attached to the counter electrode. 9. The apparatus of claim 1 where the counter electrode is platinum. 10. The apparatus of claim 1 where the electrolyte reservoir is fabricated from a corrosion-resistant material selected from the group consisting of stainless steel, Hastalloy and rigid polymers. 11. The apparatus of claim 1 which further comprises a clamp for securing the test specimen electrode in fluid-tight relation to an exterior surface of the reservoir. 12. The apparatus of claim 1 which further comprises a protective cover for mounting over the exterior surface of the test specimen electrode, said protective cover having channels permitting the free-flow of the process stream in contact with the electrode. 13. The apparatus of claim 1 which further comprises a microprocessor controller electrically connected to the electrodes. 14. The apparatus of claim 13 in which the microprocessor includes a random access memory device. 15. The apparatus of claim 13 in which the microprocessor controller is programmed to measure and record the flow of electrical current between the probe assembly electrodes. 16. The apparatus of claim 15 where the microprocessor is programmed to record intermittent data measurements. 17. The apparatus of claim 13 which further comprises magnetic media for recording measurement data. 18. The apparatus of claim 13 which further comprises a semiconductor device for recording measurement data. 19. The apparatus of claim 13 which further comprises electronic access and computing means remote from the measurement means for periodically transferring recorded data to said remote computing means. 20. The apparatus of claim 13 which further comprises a power supply in association with the microprocessor, said power supply selected from the group consisting of an electrical main, a solar-collector, a battery, and a combination of a solar collector and a battery. 21. A method for the in situ measurement of atomic hydrogen permeation into carbon steel from a process stream contained in pipelines and vessels under process stream conditions of up to 3000 psi and temperatures up to 300.degree. F., said method comprising: a. providing a permeation probe assembly comprising a fluid-tight reservoir containing an electrolyte solution, a side wall of said reservoir having an orifice that is sealed by a positively charged test specimen electrode formed from hydrogen damage-resistant metal that is permeable to hydrogen atoms, a negatively charged counter electrode positioned in the electrolyte solution proximate the surface of the test specimen electrode and electrical conductors associated with the electrodes; b. securing said probe assembly in fluid-tight relation with the wall of a process pipeline or vessel so that the surface of the test specimen electrode opposite the reservoir electrolyte solution is in contact with the process stream; c. applying an electrical potential to the counter and test specimen electrodes to oxidize hydrogen atoms at the surface of the test specimen electrode in contact with the electrolyte solution; and d. collecting and storing data relating to the current flowing between the electrodes as a result of said oxidation of hydrogen atoms. 22. The method of claim 21 which includes the further step of electrically isolating the probe assembly from the wall of the process pipeline or vessel. 23. The method of claim 21 that includes the further step of passing the probe assembly through an access fitting in the wall of a pipeline or vessel, which access fitting communicates with the interior of pipeline or vessel containing the process stream 24. The method of claim 21 where the data is stored in the random access memory of a microprocessor associated with the probe assembly. 25. The method of claim 24 where the data is collected intermittently. 26. The method of claim 21 which includes the further steps of weighing the test specimen electrode before and after its contact with the process stream to determine any weight loss, calculating the weight loss per unit of time of exposure of the specimen electrode to the process stream and interpolating the weight loss of the specimen electrode to determine the rate of corrosion of the pipeline or vessel. 27. The method of claim 21 where a positive charge is imposed on the test specimen electrode and the hydrogen atoms contacting the palladium surface are oxidized to hydrogen ions. 28. The method-of claim 21 where a negative charge is imposed on the counter electrode. 29. The method of claim 21 where the electrolyte solution is sodium hydroxide. 30. The method of claim 1 where the process stream comprises crude oil. 31. A method for the determination of atomic hydrogen permeation rate into hydrogen-permeable steel from a process stream contained in pipelines or vessels under process conditions, said method comprising: a. providing a permeation probe assembly comprising a fluid-tight reservoir containing an electrolyte solution, a side wall of said reservoir having an orifice that is sealed by a positively charged test specimen electrode formed from hydrogen damage-resistant metal that is permeable to hydrogen atoms, a negatively charged counter electrode positioned in the electrolyte solution proximate the surface of the test specimen electrode and electrical conductors associated with the electrodes; b. mounting the probe assembly to position the test specimen electrode in contact with the process stream; c. isolating the probe assembly from the process steam pipelines and vessels; and d. measuring the atomic hydrogen permeation rate through the electrically isolated test specimen electrode. 32. The method of claim 30 where the step of measuring the atomic hydrogen permeation rate through the electrically isolated test specimen electrode comprises: a. applying a fixed voltage potential across the counter electrode and the test specimen electrode; and b. measuring the current flowing between the electrodes. 33. The method of claim 31 in which the measurement of the current is performed intermittently. 34. The method of claim 31 where the application of the fixed voltage potential is controlled by a microprocessor associated with said electrodes, said microprocessor comprising a memory device. 35. The method of claim 34 where the value of the current measurement is stored in the form of digital data in the memory device of the associated microprocessor. 36. The method of claim 33 which includes the further step of transmitting the measurement data from the microprocessor to remote data storage and processing means. 37. The method of claim 36 where the remote data storage and processing means is a programmed general-purpose digital computer. 