A point-of-care computer system includes a display positioned in a point-of-care location, a computer coupled to the display, and a network coupled to the computer to enable the computer to access information stored in a remote location.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A point-of-care computer system, including: a display positioned in a point-of-care location; a computer coupled to the display; a network coupled to the computer to enable the computer to access information stored in a remote location; and an input device coupled to the computer, the input device being configured to detect the presence of an object, and to provide a signal to the computer to enable the computer to identify the object. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the display includes a touch sensitive screen. 3. The system of claim 1, further including software for execution by the computer to generate a keyboard overlay on the display. 4. The system of claim 1, further including a nurse call system coupled to the network. 5. The system of claim 4, wherein the computer is configured to receive user input representing a communication for a nurse, the computer responding to the user input by communicating with the nurse call system over the network. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the computer includes a television input port for receiving television signals, the computer processing the television signals to generate video images on the display. 7. The system of claim 1, further including a bed having actuators for controlling the position of the bed, the computer being configured to provide signals to the actuators to adjust the position of the bed. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein the input device includes an IR receiver. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein the input device includes a barcode reader. 10. The system of claim 1, wherein the input device includes an RFID sensor. 11. The system of claim 1, further including a badge configured to be attached to the object, the badge providing an identification signal to the input device when in proximity of the input device. 12. The system of claim 1, wherein the object is one of a person, a piece of equipment, and a medical supply. 13. The system of claim 1, wherein the object includes a locked medication box. 14. The system of claim 1, further including a physiological monitor coupled to the computer, the computer being configured to receive input from the monitoring equipment for display on the display. 15. The system of claim 1, further including a treatment device coupled to the computer, the computer being configured to control and monitor operation of the treatment device. 16. A method for controlling the administration of medication to a patient at a point-of-care, including the steps of: assigning a unique identifier to the patient; assigning an identifier to the medication; assigning a unique identifier to a caregiver; entering prescription information into a hospital computer system; detecting the patient identifier at the point-of-care; comparing the detected patient identifier to a stored patient identifier; detecting the caregiver identifier at the point-of-care; comparing the detected caregiver identifier to a stored caregiver identifier to determine whether the caregiver is authorized to administer the medication; detecting the medication identifier at the point-of-care; comparing the detected medication identifier to the prescription information; displaying an image of medication corresponding to the prescription to permit the caregiver to verify that the appearance of the medication matches the image; and administering the medication to the patient if the appearance of the medication matches the image. 17. The method of claim 16, further including the steps of assigning an identifier to a container for the medication; detecting the medication container identifier; and comparing the detected medication container identifier to a stored medication container identifier associated with the patient. 18. The method of claim 17, further including the step of providing the caregiver access to the medication in the medication container if the detected medication container identifier matches the stored medication container identifier. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein the step of providing the caregiver access includes the step of providing a key to the caregiver for unlocking the medication container. 20. The method of claim 18, wherein the step of providing the caregiver access includes the step of providing a point-of-care computer coupled to the medication container that automatically unlocks the medication container if the detected medication container identifier matches the stored medication container identifier. 21. The method of claim 16, further including the step of automatically generating a bill for the cost of the medication if the detected medication identifier matches the prescription information. 22. The method of claim 16, further including the step of prompting the caregiver to indicate whether the medication was held down by the patient. 23. The method of claim 22, further including the step of storing a record of ingestion of the medication upon receipt of a caregiver indication that the medication was held down by the patient. 24. The method of claim 16, wherein the step of detecting the patient identifier includes the steps of attaching an RFID tag to the patient including the patient identifier, and providing an RFID sensor at the point-of-care for sensing the patient identifier. 25. The method of claim 16, wherein the step of detecting the patient identifier includes the steps of attaching a barcode label to the patient including the patient identifier, and providing a barcode reader at the point-of-care to read the patient identifier. 26. The method of claim 16, wherein the step of comparing the detected patient identifier to the stored patient identifier includes the steps of providing a point-of-care computer for receiving the detected patient identifier and communicating with the hospital computer system over a network to obtain the stored patient identifier. 27. The method of claim 16, wherein the step of detecting the caregiver identifier includes the steps of attaching an RFID tag to the caregiver including the caregiver identifier, and providing an RFID sensor at the point-of-care for sensing the caregiver identifier. 28. The method of claim 16, wherein the step of detecting the caregiver identifier includes the steps of attaching a barcode label to the caregiver including the caregiver identifier, and providing a barcode reader at the point-of-care to read the caregiver identifier. 29. The method of claim 16, wherein the step of comparing the detected caregiver identifier to the stored caregiver identifier includes the steps of providing a point-of-care computer for receiving the detected caregiver identifier and communicating with the hospital computer system over a network to obtain the caregiver identifier. 30. The method of claim 16, wherein the step of detecting the medication identifier includes the steps of attaching an RFID tag to the medication including the medication identifier, and providing an RFID sensor at the point-of-care for sensing the medication identifier. 31. The method of claim 16, wherein the step of detecting the medication identifier includes the steps of attaching a barcode label to the medication including the medication identifier, and providing a barcode reader at the point-of-care to read the medication identifier. 32. The method of claim 16, wherein the step of comparing the detected medication identifier to the prescription information includes the steps of providing a point-of-care computer for receiving the detected medication identifier and communicating with the hospital computer system over a network to obtain the prescription information. 33. A patient assist cart, including: a base; a support connected to the base; a computer mounted to the support; a display mounted to the support and electrically coupled to the computer; and a medication box coupled to the support. 34. The cart of claim 33, wherein the base includes a plurality of casters. 35. The cart of claim 33, wherein the support includes a pair of posts connected to the base. 36. The cart of claim 33, further including a movable arm coupled to the support, and an IV pole supported by the movable arm. 37. The cart of claim 33, further including a seat connected to the support, the seat being foldable between an in-use position and a storage position. 38. The cart of claim 33, wherein the medication box is removably coupled to the support. 40. The cart of claim 33, further including a coupler connected to the support configured to removably receive the medication box. 41. The cart of claim 40, wherein the medication box includes a pair of flanges that are configured to be removably received by a pair of tracks connected to the coupler. 42. The cart of claim 33, wherein the medication box includes an outer housing and an internal compartment coupled to the housing by a pivot connector. 43. The cart of claim 42, wherein the internal compartment includes a plunger that is movable within a housing of the internal compartment between a locking position and a lowered position, the outer housing including a lock arm configured to a raised position wherein the lock arm urges the plunger into the locking position when the internal compartment is moved into the outer housing. 44. The cart of claim 43, further including a spring to bias the lock arm toward the raised position. 45. The cart of claim 43, further including a pair of tracks connected to the support for removably receiving the medication box, the plunger including an upper portion that extends through the outer housing and into an aperture formed in one of the tracks to lock the internal compartment within the outer housing, and lock the medication box to the cart. 46. The cart of claim 44, further including a magnetic actuator configured to move the lock arm away from the raised position against the biasing force of the spring, thereby permitting removal of the medication box from the support. 47. The cart of claim 42, wherein the internal compartment includes a curved sidewall having a first locking portion, and the housing includes a second locking portion. 48. The cart of claim 47, further including a lock pin received by a first aperture formed in the first locking portion, the aperture being aligned with a second aperture formed in the second locking portion when the internal compartment is moved into the housing. 49. The cart of claim 48, further including a spring positioned in the first aperture to bias the lock pin into the second aperture when the internal compartment is moved into the housing. 50. The cart of claim 49, wherein the second locking portion includes a key aperture in communication with the second aperture. 51. The cart of claim 50, further including a key for insertion into the key aperture, the key being configured to engage the lock pin when inserted into the key aperture and urge the lock pin out of the second aperture, thereby permitting the internal compartment to pivot out of the housing. 52. The cart of claim 50, further including a linear actuator coupled to the support, the linear actuator including a motor coupled to a key, wherein the actuator is configured to move the key into the key aperture, thereby urging the lock pin out of the second aperture and permitting the internal compartment to pivot out of the housing. 53. Medication containment equipment, including: a cart having a base, a support connected to the base, a computer mounted to the support, and a display mounted to the support and electrically coupled to the computer; and a medication box coupled to the cart support. 54. The equipment of claim 53, wherein the medication box includes a housing connected to the support, and a compartment configured to slide into and out of the housing. 55. The equipment of claim 53, wherein the compartment includes a cover and a tray that is movable into and out of the cover. 56. The equipment of claim 55, wherein the tray includes a locking pin that extends through the cover and into a locking aperture formed in the housing to lock the compartment to the housing. 57. The equipment of claim 56, further including a motor connected to the housing configured to move a key into the locking aperture, thereby urging the locking pin out of the locking aperture to permit removal of the compartment from the housing. 58. The equipment of claim 54, further including a transport cart having a receptacle for supporting the compartment during movement of the compartment to various locations within the facility. 59. A point-of-care interface, including: a display configured to be coupled to a computer; an arm assembly arm assembly including a first arm configured to be coupled to a bed, a second arm pivotably coupled to the first arm, a third arm pivotably coupled to the second arm, and a coupler connected between the third arm and the display, the arm assembly thereby permitting positioning of the display in a plurality of different positions relative to the bed for viewing. 60. The interface of claim 59, wherein the display includes a touch screen configured to permit entry of information into the computer via the display. 61. The interface of claim 59, wherein the first arm is pivotably coupled to the bed. 62. The interface of claim 59, wherein the first arm includes a pair of flanges configured to be received by a pair of notches formed in a track member connected to a head end of the bed, thereby permitting movement of the arm assembly along the head end of the bed. 63. The interface of claim 62, wherein the track member includes an elongated head portion, and an elongated foot portion, the notches being formed between the head portion and the foot portion. 64. The interface of claim 59, further including a locking mechanism for maintaining the coupler in position relative to the third arm, the locking mechanism including a ball positioned in a detent formed in the coupler and a spring disposed in an end of the third arm to urge the ball into the detent, thereby inhibiting rotation of the third arm relative to the coupler. 65. The interface of claim 64, wherein the locking mechanism includes a plurality of balls and a corresponding plurality of springs. 66. A point-of-care interface, including: a display configured to be coupled to a computer; and a display carrier for supporting the display on a rail of a bed, the display carrier including a body portion having a pair of tracks for receiving the display and an open end for receiving the bed rail, the display being movable along the pair of tracks. 67. The interface of claim 66, wherein the body portion further includes a first side portion and a second side portion spaced apart from the first side portion. 68. The interface of claim 66, wherein the body portion further includes a pair of slots respectively formed in the pair of tracks, the display being movable into the slots, the carrier supporting the display at an angle relative to the carrier when the display is moved into the slots. 69. The interface of claim 68, wherein the body portion further includes a pair of tabs positioned to engage the display when the display is positioned within the slots. 70. The interface of claim 66, wherein the display is wirelessly coupled to the computer. 71. The interface of claim 66, wherein the display includes a cable configured to be connected to the computer. 72. A point-of-care interface, including: a display configured to be coupled to a computer; and an overhead arm assembly for support the display, the arm assembly including a main arm having a central portion and a pair of arms extending from one end at an angle relative to a longitudinal axis of the central portion and supporting the display from the another end, a first movable arm having a first end and a second end, the second end being pivotally connected to the central portion, a second movable arm having a first end and a second end, the second end being pivotally connected to the central portion, and a pair of parallel tracks configured to be mounted to a ceiling of a room for guiding movement of the main arm and the first and second arms along a path of travel that is parallel to an axis of the tracks. 73. The interface of claim 72, further including a first drive assembly connected to the first end of the first movable arm, and a second drive assembly connected to the first end of the second movable arm, the first drive assembly being movable along one of the tracks and the second drive assembly being movable along the other of the tracks. 74. The interface of claim 73, wherein the first and second drive assemblies are movable toward and away from the pair of arms extending from the central portion of the main arm, thereby causing the central portion to lower and raise the display, respectively. 75. The interface of claim 74, further including a third drive assembly coupling the one of the pair of arms to the one track, and a fourth drive assembly coupling the other of the pair of arms to the other track, the first, second, third, and fourth drive assemblies being movable along the path of travel to move the display along the path of travel. 76. The interface of claim 73, wherein each of the drive assemblies includes a body portion and a motor electrically coupled to a controller for activating the drive assembly, each body portion including a first shaft coupled to the motor for rotation about a longitudinal axis of the first shaft, and a second shaft configured to engage the first shaft such that rotation of the first shaft causes rotation of the second shaft. 77. The interface of claim 76, wherein the second shaft includes a wheel that rotates with rotation of the second shaft, the wheel being received by one of the tracks such that rotation of the wheel causes movement of the drive assembly along the path of travel. 78. A point-of-care interface, including: a display configured to be coupled to a computer; an arm assembly arm assembly including a bracket configured to be coupled to a wall of a room adjacent a bed, a first arm coupled to the bracket for rotation about a substantially vertical axis, a second arm pivotably coupled to the first arm, and a coupler connected between the second arm and the display, the arm assembly thereby permitting positioning of the display in a plurality of different positions relative to the bed for viewing. 79. The interface of claim 78, wherein the display includes two screens. 80. The interface of claim 78, wherein the display includes a touch screen configured to permit entry of information into the computer via the display. 81. The interface of claim 78, wherein the bracket is configured to be slidably received by a wall support to permit movement of the arm assembly along the wall. 82. A point-of-care system, including: a touch screen display mounted in a point-of-care location; a computer coupled to the display having software for enabling the computer to generate a plurality of screens on the display; and a bed having an actuator coupled to the computer, the actuator adjusting the position of the bed in response to receipt of a signal from the computer. 83. The system of claim 82, wherein the computer generates a main screen on the display including a plurality of caregiver icons and a plurality of patient icons. 84. The system of claim 82, further including a caregiver tracking system coupled to the computer, the caregiver tracking system including a plurality of tags configured to be worn by a plurality of caregivers, each tag including unique identification information associated with a corresponding caregiver, and a sensor connected to the computer configured to receive identification information from tags in proximity of the sensor. 85. The system of claim 83, wherein the computer responds to receipt of the identification information from the sensor by generating a screen on the display including a plurality of caregiver icons. 86. The system of claim 82, wherein the plurality of screens includes a bed control screen that permits a user to control the actuator by activating icons on the bed control screen. 87. The system of claim 82, wherein the plurality of screens includes a mattress control screen that permits a user to control a mattress controller coupled to the computer by activating icons on the mattress control screen. 88. The system of claim 82, wherein the plurality of screens includes a bed scale screen that permits a user to control a bed scale coupled to the computer by activating icons on the bed scale screen. 89. The system of claim 82, wherein the plurality of screens includes a patient monitoring screen that permits a user to activate a patient position monitoring system coupled to the computer by activating icons on the patient monitoring screen. 90. The system of claim 83, further including a network coupled to the computer and a hospital data system coupled to the network, the hospital data system including a plurality of patient medical records. 91. The system of claim 90, wherein the caregiver icons include a charting icon, activation of which causes the computer to access a patient medical record in the hospital data system via the network. 92. The system of claim 82, further including a sensor for detecting a tag associated with a caregiver, the sensor providing an identification signal to the computer in response to detection of the tag, the computer generating a lock out icon on the display upon receipt of the identification signal. 93. The system of claim 90, wherein activation of the lock out icon causes the computer to generate a lock out screen including a bed control icon for permitting the caregiver to prevent a patient from controlling a function of the bed actuator. 94. The system of claim 82, wherein the plurality of screens includes a nurse call screen that permits a user to control a nurse call system coupled to the computer by activating icons on the nurse call screen. 95. The system of claim 82, further including a first camera coupled to the computer for recording images of a patient, and a second camera coupled to the computer for recording images of a caregiver, the plurality of screens including a video conference screen that permits the patient to enable the first camera and view the images provided by the second camera on the display. 96. The system of claim 82, wherein the plurality of screens includes a television control screen that permits a user to control a television coupled to the computer by activating icons on the television control screen. 97. The system of claim 82, wherein the plurality of screens includes a music control screen that permits a user to control music device coupled to the computer by activating icons on the music control screen. 98. The system of claim 82, wherein the plurality of screens includes a environment control screen that permits a user to control the temperature of a room, the setting of lights in the room, and the position of curtains in the room by activating icons on the environment control screen. 99. The system of claim 82, wherein the plurality of screens includes an internet screen that permits a user to access the internet via a network coupled to the computer by activating icons on the internet screen. 100. The system of claim 82, wherein the plurality of screens includes a telephone control screen that permits a user to operate a telephone coupled to the computer by activating icons on the telephone control screen. 101. The system of claim 82, wherein the plurality of screens includes a bed scale screen that permits a user to control a bed scale coupled to the computer by activating icons on the bed scale screen. 102. A system for controlling the administration of medication to a patient, including: a touch screen display; a computer coupled to the display having software for enabling the computer to generate a plurality of screens on the display; a tag associated with the medication including medication identification information; a tag associated with the patient including patient identification information; and an input device coupled to the computer for receiving the medication and patient identification information from the corresponding tag when the tag is in proximity to the input device and providing the identification information to the computer. 103. The system of claim 102, wherein the plurality of screens includes a patient screen having an image prompting the caregiver to cause the input device to receive the patient identification information, and a medication screen prompting the caregiver to cause the input device to receive the medication information. 104. The system of claim 102, further including a network coupled to the computer and a data system coupled to the network including a record corresponding to the patient, the computer responding to receipt of the medication identification information by updating the record in the data system via the network with information corresponding to a cost of the medication. 105. The system of claim 102, further including a tag associated with a caregiver including caregiver identification information, the input device being configured to receive the caregiver identification information when the tag is in proximity to the input device. 106. The system of claim 102, wherein the plurality of screens include instructions for the caregiver to verify the identity of the patient and to compare the medication to a prescribed medication before administering the medication. 107. The system of claim 102, wherein the input device includes a barcode reader. 108. A point-of-care interface, including: a first display configured to be coupled to a computer; a first arm assembly for supporting the first display including a first arm configured to be coupled to a first support attached to a wall of a room adjacent a bed, and a cable coupled at one end to the first arm and at the other end to the display, the cable being retractable into and extendable from the first arm to adjust the height of the display relative to the bed. 109. The interface of claim 108, wherein the first arm is movable along an axis of the first support. 110. The interface of claim 108, further including a flexible keyboard attached to the display. 111. The interface of claim 108, wherein the display includes a touch screen. 112. The interface of claim 108, further including a spool connected to the one end of the first arm, the cable being retractable into and extendable from the spool. 113. The interface of claim 108, wherein the first arm assembly further includes a coupler configured to be coupled to the first support, and a second arm connected at one end to the coupler and telescopically connected at another end to the first arm. 114. The interface of claim 108, further including a second display configured to be coupled to the computer and a second arm assembly for supporting the second display, the second arm assembly being configured to be coupled to the wall of the room. 115. The interface of claim 114, wherein the second arm assembly includes a second arm configured to be coupled at one end to a second support attached to the wall and coupled at another end to a display support for supporting the second display. 116. The interface of claim 115, wherein the display support includes a keyboard and is configured to support the first display. 117. The interface of claim 115, wherein the first arm assembly includes a U-shaped support connected between the cable and the first display, the first display being pivotable about an axis that is substantially perpendicular to a longitudinal axis of the cable. 118. The interface of claim 108, further including a table, a keyboard supported by the table, and a lid pivotably connected to the table, the lid being movable between a closed position wherein the lid covers the keyboard, and an open position wherein a track on the lid is positioned to receive the first display. 119. A point-of-care interface, including: a first display configured to be coupled to a computer; a first arm assembly for supporting the first display including a coupler configured to be coupled to a support attached to a wall of a room adjacent a bed, and a first arm movably coupled between the coupler and the first display; a second display configured to be coupled to the computer; and a second arm assembly for supporting the second display including a second arm movably coupled between the coupler and the second display. 120. The interface of claim 119, wherein the first arm assembly further includes a third arm movably coupled between the first arm and the first display, and the second arm assembly further includes a fourth arm movably coupled between the second arm and the second display. 121. The interface of claim 119, further including a table having a keyboard configured to be coupled to the computer. 122. A point-of-care interface, including: a first display configured to be coupled to a computer; a first arm assembly for supporting the first display including a first coupler configured to be coupled to a support attached to a wall of a room adjacent a bed, and a first arm movably coupled between the first coupler and the first display; a second display configured to be coupled to the computer; and a second arm assembly for supporting the second display including a second coupler configured to be coupled to the support, and a second arm movably coupled between the second coupler and the second display. 123. The interface of claim 122, wherein the first arm assembly further includes a third arm movably coupled between the first arm and the first display, and the second arm assembly further includes a fourth arm movably coupled between the second arm and the second display. 124. A point-of-care interface, including: a display configured to be coupled to a computer; a support coupled to the display to permit rotation of the display about an axis extending substantially through a portion of the display; a spool connected to a ceiling of a room; and a cable coupled between the support and the spool, the cable being extendable from and retractable into the spool to thereby adjust the height of the display relative to the ceiling. 125. The interface of claim 124, wherein the spool includes a motor for extending and retracting the cable. 126. A point-of-care interface, including: a display configured to be coupled to a computer; a support coupled to the display to permit rotation of the display about an axis extending substantially through a portion of the display; a ceiling support mounted to a ceiling of a room substantially over a bed; and an arm assembly movably connected to the ceiling support to permit adjustment of a position of the display relative to the bed. 127. The interface of claim 126, wherein the arm assembly includes a plurality of members that are telescopically movable relative to one another. 128. The interface of claim 126, wherein the ceiling support includes a movable member having a channel, the arm assembly being movably coupled to the channel to adjust the position of the display along a length of the channel. 129. The interface of claim 128, wherein the ceiling support includes a pair of tracks, each of the tracks including a track channel for movably receiving an end of the movable member to adjust the position of the display along a length of the tracks. 130. The interface of claim 129, wherein the length of the tracks is substantially perpendicular to the length of the movable member. 131. The interface of claim 126, wherein the arm assembly includes a pair of rollers and the ceiling support includes a track for receiving the rollers to permit movement of the arm assembly along the track. 132. The interface of claim 131, wherein the track is substantially U-shaped. 133. An arm assembly for support a display at a point-of-care location, including: a mount assembly configured to be attached to a ceiling of the point-of-care location; a first arm movably coupled to the mount assembly; a second arm pivotably coupled to the first arm; a third arm pivotably coupled to the second arm; and a display support movably coupled to the third arm, the display support including a mounting plate for receiving a display. 134. The arm assembly of claim 133, wherein the mount assembly includes a plate configured to be attached to the ceiling, a housing connected to the plate, and a ring coupled to the housing and the first arm, the ring being movable within an annular groove formed in the housing. 135. The arm assembly of claim 133, wherein the second arm includes a body having a spring disposed therein, the spring biasing the second arm upwardly to assist a user in raising the arm assembly. 136. The arm assembly of claim 135, wherein the spring includes a locking gas spring. 137. The arm assembly of claim 133, further including a coupler disposed between the second arm and the third arm to permit rotation of the third arm about a first axis and about a second axis, the second axis being substantially perpendicular to the first axis. 138. The arm assembly of claim 133, further including a wire routed through the mount assembly, the first, second, and third arms, and the display support, the wire being configured to be coupled to the display to provide a signal to the display. 139. A point-of-care computing system configured for use by a user located in either one of a first location and a second location, including: a computer; a monitor coupled to the computer; a turntable for supporting the monitor; and a first drive for rotating the turntable between a first position wherein the monitor is viewable from the first location and a second position wherein the monitor is viewable from the second location. 140. The system of claim 139, wherein the first drive includes a belt and a handle connected to a first shaft, the turntable including a display support coupled to a second shaft, the belt extending around the first and second shafts, thereby translating rotation of the first shaft into rotation of the second shaft to rotate the turntable. 141. The system of claim 139, further including a second drive for rotating the turntable between the first and second positions, the first drive being disposed in the first location, and the second drive being disposed in the second location. 142. A point-of-care interface, including: a dual-screen display configured to be coupled to a computer; a support for supporting the display, the support being disposed in a point-of-care location adjacent a window; a stool disposed adjacent the support for rotation between an extended position and a retracted position; and a linkage connected between the stool and the support to move the support to a first position when the stool is moved to the extended position and to move the support to a second position when the stool is moved to the retracted position, the display being positioned for viewing through the window when the support is in the second position. 143. The interface of claim 142, further including a keyboard configured to be coupled to the computer, the keyboard being supported by the support. 144. A point-of-care computing system configured for use by a user located in either one of a first location and a second location, including: a computer; a monitor coupled to the computer; and a carousel for supporting the monitor, the carousel being mounted for rotation on a shaft between a first position wherein the monitor is viewable from the first location and a second position wherein the monitor is viewable from the second location. 145. The system of claim 144, wherein the carousel includes a container. 146. A point-of-care interface, including: a display configured to be coupled to a computer; and a display support configured for mounting to a rail of a bed, the display support including an arm pivotally coupled at one end for pivotal movement of the arm relative to the rail, and pivotably coupled at another end to the display, the display being movable between a storage position wherein the display is substantially parallel to the display support, and a use position wherein the display is substantially perpendicular to the display support. 147. The interface of claim 146, wherein the display support includes a pair of substantially parallel arms, each of the arms being pivotably coupled at one end for pivotal movement relative to the rail, and pivotably coupled at another end to a bracket connected to the display to permit rotation of the display about a first, substantially vertical axis and adjustment of the height of the display relative to the rail. 148. The interface of claim 146, wherein the display support is configured for being movably mounted on the rail to permit adjustment of the position of the display along a length of the rail. 149. The interface of claim 146, wherein the display support includes a speaker. 150. A point-of-care computer system, including: a display; and a computer coupled to the display for generating images on the display; the display including a support at one edge configured to connect the display to a bed for rotation about the one edge of the display between a first substantially vertical position wherein another edge of the display is positioned below the one edge, and a second substantially vertical position wherein the other edge is positioned above the one edge such that the display is viewable by a patient in the bed. 151. The system of claim 150, further including software for execution by the computer to invert an image on the display when the display is moved from one of the first and the second substantially vertical positions to the other of the first and the second substantially vertical position. 152. The system of claim 150, wherein the display support is configured to position the display in any of a plurality of positions between the first and the second substantially vertical positions. 153. An overbed table for a point-of-care computer system, including: a base; a pedestal mounted to the base; a base support mounted to the pedestal; an arm assembly connected to the base support in a recess form in the base support; a display configured to be coupled to a computer, the display being mounted to the arm assembly, the arm assembly being adjustable to position the display in a retracted position within the recess and a plurality of extended positions outside the recess; and a top movably mounted to the base support for movement between a first position wherein the top covers the recess, and a second position wherein the top exposes the recess. 154. The table of claim 153, further including a first arm rotatably coupled to the arm assembly to permit rotation of the first arm about a longitudinal axis of the arm assembly, and a coupler connecting the display to the first arm for movement of the display about a longitudinal axis of the first arm and about an axis that is substantially perpendicular to the longitudinal axis of the first arm. 155. An overbed table for a point-of-care computer system, including: a base; a pedestal mounted to the base; a base support mounted to the pedestal, the base support having a recess; a display configured to be coupled to a computer, the display being movable from a first position within the recess and a second position outside the recess; and a top movably mounted to the base support for movement between a first position wherein the top covers the recess, and a second position wherein the top exposes the recess. 156. The table of claim 155, further including a support connected to the display for supporting the display in a tilted position when the display is placed on a surface. 157. A point-of-care interface, including: a display configured to be coupled to a computer; an overbed table having a base, the base including a first connector electrically connected to the display; a bed having a frame, the frame including a second connector for mating with the first connector when the overbed table is positioned over the bed. 158. A point-of-care interface, including: a display configured to be coupled to a computer; and an overbed table having a base, the base including a solar cell for generating power to power the display. 159. The interface of claim 158, further including a bed having a frame, the frame including a light for providing light to the solar cell when the overbed table is positioned over the bed. 160. An overbed table for a point-of-care computer system, including: a base; a pedestal mounted to the base; a top connected to the pedestal; a tray movably connected to the pedestal for movement between a storage position wherein the tray is disposed substantially under the top and a deployed position wherein a portion of the tray extends from the top; and a display configured to be coupled to a computer, the display being mounted to the tray and movable from a storage position wherein the display is substantially parallel to the tray to a use position wherein the display is positioned at an angle relative to the tray when the tray is in the deployed position. 161. A point-of-care computer system, including: a projector assembly mounted to a ceiling of a point-of-care location; a computer coupled to the projector for controlling a position of the projector and outputting images to the projector; and a display positioned in the point-of-care location, the display being coupled to the computer and including a lens and a touch screen; wherein the projector projects images onto the display, the touch screen enabling a user to provide input to the computer by activating icons included in the images. 162. The system of claim 161, wherein the projector includes a receiver and the screen includes a transmitter, the transmitter providing a signal to the receiver for transmission to the computer, the signal indicating the position of the screen, the computer adjusting the position of the projector to compensate for changes in the position of the screen. 163. The system of claim 161, wherein the projector includes a motor coupled to the computer for positioning the projector in response to input from the computer. 164. The system of claim 161, wherein the screen is mounted to a movable object. 165. The system of claim 161, wherein the projector projects the images onto a back surface of the screen. 166. An overbed table for a point-of-care computer system, including: a base; a pedestal mounted to the base; a top connected to the pedestal; an arm movably connected to the pedestal for movement between a storage position wherein the arm is disposed substantially under the top and a deployed position wherein a portion of the arm extends from the top; and a display configured to be coupled to a computer, the display being mounted to the arm and movable from a storage position wherein the display is substantially parallel to the arm to a use position wherein the display is positioned at an angle relative to the tray when the tray is in the deployed position. 167. The table of claim 166, wherein the arm is connected to a pivot post connected to the top. 168. The table of claim 166, wherein the arm includes a pair of handles that extend out from under the top when the arm is in the storage position. 169. The table of claim 166, wherein the arm includes a coupler that connects the arm to the display, the coupler including a first body portion pivotally coupled to the arm to permit rotation of the display about a first axis, and a second body portion pivotally coupled between the first body portion and the display to permit rotation of the display about a second axis that is substantially perpendicular to the first axis. 170. The table of claim 166, wherein the display further includes a camera configured to be coupled to the computer for providing images to the computer. 171. The table of claim 166, further including a mirror attached to the display. 172. A method for dispensing medication to a patient, including the steps of: entering a prescription into a computer; verifying the prescription; transmitting the prescription to a pharmacy via a network; crosschecking the prescription against other medications associated with the patient; validating the prescription by updating a record associated with the patient; locating a caregiver via a locating system; providing the caregiver access to medication corresponding to the prescription; and dispensing the medication to the patient. 173. The method of claim 172, wherein the providing step includes enabling the computer to unlock a locked medication box. 174. The method of claim 172, wherein the providing step includes delivering the medication to the caregiver. 175. The method of claim 172, further including the step of providing a receiver at a point-of-care location coupled to the computer for receiving an identification signal from the caregiver to determine whether the caregiver is an authorized caregiver. 176. The method of claim 172, further including the step of providing a receiver at a point-of-care location coupled to the computer for receiving an identification signal from the patient to determine whether the patient is scheduled to receive the medication. 177. The method of claim 172, further including the step of providing a receiver at a point-of-care location coupled to the computer for receiving an identification signal from the medication to determine whether the medication corresponds to the prescription. 178. The method of claim 172, further including the step of prompting the nurse via the computer to indicate whether the patient held down the medication. 179. A point-of-care computer system, including: a server having a memory; a plurality of client devices located at a corresponding plurality of point-of-care locations; a network configured facilitate communication between the server and the plurality of client devices; and a hospital data system coupled to the server; the client devices including an input device to permit a user to interact with the server via the network to obtain information stored in the server memory and other information stored in the hospital data system. 180. The system of claim 179, wherein the server is coupled to a server transceiver and the plurality of client devices are coupled to a corresponding plurality of client transceivers, the network being a wireless network to facilitate communication between the server transceiver and the client transceivers. 181. The system of claim 179, further including a locating and tracking system coupled to the server, the input device permitting the user to access information associated with the locating and tracking system. 182. The system of claim 179, wherein the client device includes an overbed table, a monitor supported by the overbed table, and a processor. 183. The system of claim 182, wherein the overbed table includes a mounting pole for supporting the table. 184. The system of claim 182, wherein the table includes a work surface and an edge defining a recess, the monitor being pivotally connected to the edge for movement between an inactive position wherein the monitor is disposed substantially within the recess and an active position wherein the monitor is positioned at an angle relative to the work surface for viewing by a user. 185. The system of claim 184, wherein the table further includes a hand pad mounted within the recess, the hand pad having a control mechanism coupled to the processor to enable a user to input information into the client device. 186. The system of claim 185, wherein the hand pad includes a membrane connected to a bottom wall of the recess, the membrane substantially enclosing the control mechanism. 187. The system of claim 182, wherein the monitor includes a touch screen. 188. The system of claim 179, wherein each of the plurality of client devices includes a sensor for receiving identification information from any of a plurality of tags associated with a corresponding plurality of objects, the sensor providing the identification information of an object in proximity to client device to the processor for transmission to the server. 189. The system of claim 188, wherein the server compares the identification information to stored data to determine the identification of the object. 190. The system of claim 184, wherein the monitor includes a position sensor to provide a signal to the processor indicating whether the monitor is in the active position. 191. The system of claim 179, wherein each client device includes a monitor. 192. The system of claim 191, further including software for enabling each client device to generate a plurality of screens on the monitor of the client device. 193. The system of claim 192, wherein the screens include a home screen having a day-to-day icon, and information icon, a message center icon, and an entertainment icon. 194. The system of claim 193, wherein activation of the day-to-day icon causes the client device to generate a scheduling screen for enabling the user to view scheduled events. 195. The system of claim 193, wherein activation of the day-to-day icon causes the client device to generate a menu screen for enabling the user to select items for meals. 196. The system of claim 193, wherein activation of the information icon causes the client device to generate a medical information screen including an image of a human body. 197. The system of claim 193, wherein activation of the entertainment icon causes the client device to generate a television control screen for enabling the user to control functions of a television coupled to the client device. 198. The system of claim 193, wherein activation of the entertainment icon causes the client device to generate a music control screen for enabling the user to control functions of a radio coupled to the client device. 199. The system of claim 193, wherein activation of the entertainment icon causes the client device to generate a games screen for enabling the user to select a game program for execution on the client device. 200. The system of claim 193, wherein activation of the message center icon causes the client device to generate a message screen for enabling the user to create and review messages. 201. The system of claim 200, wherein each client device includes a camera, the message screen enabling the user to create a video message using the camera. 202. A point-of-care interface, including: a computer; a display coupled to the computer; a telescopic support coupled between a ceiling and the computer to support the computer and the display. 203. The interface of claim 202, further including an arm assembly coupled to the display to permit adjustment of the position of the display relative to the support. 204. The interface of claim 202, further including a bed mover having a support column, the computer and display being removable from the telescopic support and configured to be support by the support column. 205. The interface of claim 202, further including an overbed table having a support column, the computer and display being removable from the telescopic support and configured to be support by the support column. 206. A point-of-care interface, including: a display configured to be coupled to a computer; and a pair of adjustable clamps connected together by a plate, the clamps being configured to support the display and couple to a bed rail, each of the clamps having a first portion and a second portion that is movable relative to the first portion to bring ends of the clamps toward and away from one another. 207. The interface of claim 206, wherein each of the clamps include a groove for receiving the display, the display being movable within the grooves in a plane parallel to a plane including the plate. 208. The interface of claim 206, wherein the plate includes a post, the display being configured to rotate about the post. 209. The interface of claim 206, wherein the display is movable relative to the clamps to a substantially perpendicular orientation relative to the bed rail for use as a table. 