A continuous environmental noise level recording and analysis system is provided. The system is capable of sampling, processing and storing Equivalent Sound Level values over a period of about two weeks. The recorded data is downloaded and analyzed to show graphs, and to automatically detect noise events of interest. The measurement system conforms to ANSI/IEC Type I or Type II standards for noise level monitoring
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A system for unattended noise monitoring, comprising: an analog section for detecting noise and for weighting the noise through A- and C-frequency filters; a processing section for converting the detected and weighted noise to one or more Leq data; a communications interface for remote control of, and data communication with, the processing section; and an analysis unit for displaying, processing and detecting events in the Leq data. 2. A system of claim 1, the processing section comprising firmware to control the noise monitoring unit. 3. A system of claim 1, the analog section further comprising logarithmic amplifiers for converting the detected and weighted noise to a range suitable for analog to digital conversion. 4. A system of claim 3, the processing section further comprising an analog to digital converter. 5. A system of claim 1, further comprising a display for displaying data from the processing section, the display being in communication with the processor. 6. A system of claim 1, further comprising a keypad for inputting data to the processing section, the keypad being in communication with the processor. 7. A system of claim 1, the processing section generating one or more of maximum, minimum, {fraction (1/10)}th percentile, {fraction (1/50)}th percentile, {fraction (1/90)}th percentile Leq data. 8. A system of claim 1, the processing section comprising memory for storing up to about two weeks of the data. 9. A system of claim 1, further comprising a portable power supply for powering the sections. 10. A system of claim 9, the power supply comprising a rechargeable battery. 11. A system of claim 9, the power supply comprising solar power converters. 12. A system of claim 1, wherein the data comprises one-second exponential averages of the noise. 13. A method for environmental noise level monitoring, comprising the steps of: detecting and converting sound waves into first and second identical analog electrical signals; filtering the first signal for A-weighted information and generating a third signal representing an envelope of the filtered A-weighted signal; filtering the second signal for C-weighted information and generating a fourth signal representing an envelope of the C-weighted filtered signal; compressing the third and fourth signals using logarithmic amplifiers into a range of logarithmic signals suitable for digitization; converting the logarithmic signals into digital data using an analog-to-digital converter; calculating 1-second Leq values for the digital data; calculating exponential averages of the Leq values; calculating one or more of maximum, minimum, {fraction (1/10)}th percentile, {fraction (1/50)}th percentile, {fraction (1/90)}th percentile Leq data; and storing the Leq and statistical data in non-volatile memory. 14. A method of claim 13, further comprising transferring stored data from the non-volatile memory to a noise analysis unit; displaying the transferred data in graphical form at the noise analysis unit; processing the transferred data to produce statistical information; and classifying noise events in the transferred data. 