A water cooler/water purification station that is portable, and small in size that is capable of cooling and purifying about 8 to 15 liters of water per hour between 3 to 10.degree. C. The water cooler/water purification station is equipped with an ultraviolet lamp which serves to kill bacteria in stagnant water.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A portable liquid cooler/purification station comprising: a reservoir adapted for receiving a liquid; an ultraviolet light source for mounting within said reservoir for exposing the liquid to ultraviolet light for destroying bacteria disposed in said liquid; and means for generating an appropriate signal from an ultraviolet light sensor to cause said ultraviolet light source to discontinue emitting ultraviolet radiation depending on the quality of the liquid. 2. The portable liquid cooler/purification station according to claim 1, and further including a power supply means for providing electrical power to said ultraviolet light source, said power supply operating on continuous current. 3. The portable liquid cooler/purification station according to claim 1, and further including a power supply means for providing electrical power to said ultraviolet light source, said power supply operating on alternating current. 4. The portable liquid cooler/purification station according to claim 1, and further including a power supply means for providing electrical power to said ultraviolet light source, said power supply operating on solar power. 5. The portable liquid cooler/purification station according to claim 1, and further including two filters, a sediment filter and a carbon media filter for filtering the liquid. 6. The portable liquid cooler/purification station according to claim 5, wherein the filters provide a reverse-osmosis filter in case of polluted water. 7. The portable liquid cooler/purification station according to claim 1, wherein the station can be totally disassembled for cleaning. 8. The portable liquid cooler/purification station according to claim 1, and further including a refrigeration system including a compressor. 9. The portable liquid cooler/purification system according to claim 1, wherein said ultraviolet light source is immersed in liquid during operation such that said ultraviolet light source is in thermal contact. 10. A portable liquid cooler/purification station comprising: a housing adapted for receiving a liquid; an ultraviolet light source for mounting within said housing for exposing the liquid to ultraviolet light for destroying bacteria disposed in said liquid; a probe for mounting within said housing for measuring the temperature of the liquid; means for generating an appropriate signal from an ultraviolet light sensor to cause said ultraviolet light source to discontinue emitting ultraviolet radiation depending on the quality of the liquid; and power supply means for providing electrical power to said ultraviolet light source. 11. The portable liquid cooler/purification station according to claim 10, wherein said power supply means for providing electrical power operates on continuous current. 12. The portable liquid cooler/purification station according to claim 10, wherein said power supply means for providing electrical power operates on alternating current. 13. The portable liquid cooler/purification station according to claim 10, wherein said power supply means for providing electrical power operates on solar power. 14. The portable liquid cooler/purification station according to claim 10, and further including two filters, a sediment filter and a carbon media filter for filtering the liquid. 15. The portable liquid cooler/purification station according to claim 14, wherein the filters provide a reverse-osmosis filter in case of polluted water. 16. The portable liquid cooler/purification station according to claim 10, wherein the station can be totally disassembled for cleaning. 17. The portable liquid cooler/purification station according to claim 10, and further including a refrigeration system including a compressor. 18. The portable liquid cooler/purification system according to claim 10, wherein said ultraviolet light source is immersed in liquid during operation such that said ultraviolet light source is in thermal contact. 