A winch-based system is used to raise and lower a hydrological probe into a water column to automatically dynamically obtain measurement data of a water column at incremental depths over selected time intervals. The winch-based system can be powered by a relatively low-power power source to cause the electric motor to controllably operate to wind and unwind the cable at a desired rate in a manner which can pause the upward and downward movement of the probe at incremental measurement depths. The disclosure also describes related systems. Additionally, a method for enhancing the life of a hydroglogical probe by storing the probe at an immersed subsurface depth is also described.
Claims That which is claimed is: 1. A method for dynamically monitoring at least one parameter of interest in a liquid environment using a hydrological probe which is attached to a cable mounted on a spool of a winching system, comprising: controllably unwinding a quantity of cable to lower a hydrological probe into a liquid environment at a series of increasing incremental distances away from the surface of the liquid; obtaining first data measurements for at least one selected parameter of interest in the liquid environment at the selected distances; subsequently controllably unwinding a quantity of cable to lower a hydrological probe into the liquid environment at the series of increasing incremental distances away from the surface of the liquid; obtaining second data measurements for the at least one selected parameter of interest in the liquid environment at the selected distances after the first data measurements are obtained; and monitoring the liquid environment to generate a time-dependent liquid profile of the at least one parameter of interest based on the first and second data measurements. 2. A method according to claim 1, wherein the winching system is powered by a low voltage power source. 3. A method according to claim 1, wherein said second obtaining step is initiated at between about 1-12 hours from said first obtaining step. 4. A method according to claim 1, wherein said first and second obtaining steps are repeated a plurality of times at spaced intervals over a 24 hour period. 5. A method according to claim 1, wherein said liquid environment is a body of water, and wherein said first and second obtaining steps are automatically carried out so as to generate data measurements at a user defined interval or intervals. 6. A method according to claim 5, wherein the winching system is powered by a battery which has a useful service life of at least 30 days when said first and second obtaining steps are performed so as to obtain at least about 4 measurements of the water column during a 24 hour period. 7. A method according to claim 6, wherein the intervals at which the data measurements are obtained are decreased or increased based on an in situ measurement of local conditions. 8. A method according to claim 6, wherein said first and second obtaining steps are automatically repeated so as to generate updated dynamic water profiles about every three hours for at least 1 week to 1 month. 9. A method according to claim 1, further comprising the step of relaying the data to a remote site for monitoring. 10. A method according to claim 9, further comprising the step of posting the first and second measurement data as a gradient graphic display of measured parameters over a suitable time period to a global computer network site proximate in time to the data acquisition. 11. A method according to claim 1, wherein the liquid environment is a water environment, and wherein said first and second obtaining steps are performed so that the measurements are taken at depths spaced at no greater than about every 1.0 m from the bottom of the water column to the surface of the water column. 12. A method according to claim 2, wherein said lowering step is carried out such that the hydrological probe is lowered for a first user defined interval, pauses to take a measurement at a the first lowered depth, continues for about a second user defined interval to a second lowered depth, pauses to take a measurement at the second lowered depth, continues for about third user set interval to a third lowered depth, and then pauses to take a measurement at the third lowered depth. 13. A method according to claim 1, wherein said first and second obtaining steps include taking a reading at the surface of the liquid in variable height liquid environments. 14. A method according to claim 1, wherein the step of lowering is carried out to cause the controllably winch to wind and unwind about 30-80 feet of cable at a rate of about 0.2 m/minute. 15. A method according to claim 1, further comprising raising the hydrological probe from a submerged position prior to initiation of said first and second obtaining steps. 16. A method according to claim 1, wherein said first obtaining step has a cycle time of less than about 40-90 minutes from initiation of the first measurement at the first depth to the last measurement at the last measurement depth. 17. A method according to claim 1, wherein said liquid environment is a water environment, and wherein said first obtaining step is carried out such that a plurality of measurements are taken at a plurality of depths in a water column of less than about 25 m during an elapsed time of about 20-40 minutes or less. 18. A method according to claim 1, further comprising the step of storing the hydroglogical probe is held immersed in the liquid environment at a level sufficient to inhibit marine fouling after each of the first and second obtaining steps. 19. A method according to claim 1, further comprising directing the hydrological probe into a guide tube disposed substantially vertically in the liquid environment at a series of increasing incremental distances away from the surface of the liquid so that the hydrological probe travels therein during the step of lowering. 20. A method according to claim 19, wherein the liquid environment is water and wherein the guide tube includes a plurality of apertures arranged and configured to allow liquid to enter therein at each of the desired measurement depths so that water representative of the water at the incremental measurement depths can be analyzed. 21. A method according to claim 1, wherein said first and second obtaining steps are carried out substantially concurrently at at least three different sites in different regions of a related body of water by different hydrological probes, said method further comprising: assigning location identifiers to the first, second, and third hydrological probe sites; relaying information from the first second and third sites to a central site; and analyzing the spatial distribution of the water conditions at the first, second, and third sites based on the dynamic water profiles obtained at the first, second, and third sites. 22. A method according to claim 21, wherein said first, second, and third sites are spaced apart in a flowing body of water to monitor regional correlations in water conditions at a waterway proximate an ocean inlet. 23. A method according to claim 21, further comprising monitoring meteorological conditions at at least one of the hydrological probe sites concurrently with said first and second obtaining steps. 24. A method according to claim 1, wherein the liquid environment comprises water, and wherein the incremental distances are incremental depths in a water column, and wherein the data measurements of said first and second obtaining steps are obtained at about every 0.5 m from the bottom of the water column to the water level surface. 25. A method according to claim 1, wherein the liquid environment comprises water, and wherein the incremental distances are incremental depths in a water column, and wherein the hydrological probe is held inside a guide tube as it travels up and down the water column. 26. A method according to claim 25, wherein the guide tube is substantially cylindrical and includes a plurality of axially spaced apart, axially elongated slots disposed about the perimeter of the guide tube at a plurality of positions along the length of the guide tube, the slots being configured in size and arranged in location about the length of the guide tube to allow water representative of the water at the incremental measurement depths to enter therein. 27. A method according to claim 26, wherein said guide tube is coated with an anti-fouling marine coating. 28. A method according to claim 1, further comprising measuring the water level of the surface of the water proximate in time to said first and second obtaining steps. 29. A method for dynamically monitoring at least one parameter of interest in a liquid environment using a hydrological probe which is attached to cable configured to be wrapped around a spool of a winching system comprising: controllably winding a quantity of cable from the winching system to raise a hydrological probe in a liquid environment at a series of increasing incremental distances above the bottom of the liquid; obtaining first data measurements for at least one selected parameter of interest in the liquid environment at the selected distances; repeating said winding step and then obtaining second data measurements for the at least one selected parameter of interest in the liquid environment at the selected distances after the first data measurements are obtained; and monitoring the liquid environment to define a time-dependent liquid profile of the at least one parameter of interest based on the first and second data measurements. 30. A method according to claim 29, wherein the winching system is powered by a low voltage power source. 31. A method according to claim 29, wherein said second obtaining step is initiated at between about 1-12 hours from said first obtaining step. 32. A method according to claim 29, wherein said first and second obtaining steps are repeated a plurality of times at spaced intervals over a 24 hour period. 33. A method according to claim 29, wherein said liquid environment is a body of water, and wherein said first and second obtaining steps are automatically carried out so as to generate data measurements at about 3 hour intervals. 34. A method according to claim 33, wherein the winching system is powered by a battery which has a useful service life of at least 30 days when said first and second obtaining steps are performed so as to obtain at least about 4 measurements of the water column during a 24 hour period. 35. A method according to claim 34, wherein the intervals at which the data measurements are obtained are decreased or increased based on an in situ measurement of local conditions. 36. A method according to claim 34, wherein said first and second obtaining steps are automatically repeated so as to generate updated dynamic water profiles about every three hours for at least 1 week to 1 month. 37. A method according to claim 29, further comprising the step of relaying the data to a remote site for monitoring. 38. A method according to claim 37, further comprising the step of posting the data as a gradient graph display of measured parameters over a suitable time period to a global computer network site proximate in time to the data acquisition. 39. A method according to claim 29, wherein the liquid environment is a water environment, and wherein said first and second obtaining steps are performed so that the measurements are taken at depths spaced at no greater than about every 1.0 m from the bottom of the water column to the surface of the water column. 40. A method according to claim 30, wherein said raising step is automatically carried out such that the hydrological probe takes a first measurement and then is raised for a user defined interval of at least about 30 seconds to a second depth, pauses to take a measurement at a second depth, continues up for about another user defined interval of at least about 30 seconds to a third depth, pauses to take a measurement at the third depth, continues up for about another user defined interval of at least about 30 seconds to a fourth depth, and pauses to take a measurement at the fourth depth. 41. A method according to claim 29, wherein said obtaining steps include taking a reading at the surface of the liquid in variable height liquid environments. 42. A method according to claim 29, further comprising lowering the probe to a subsurface storage position adjacent the bottom of the liquid environment being analyzed during periods of inactivity, and wherein the steps of raising and lowering are carried out to wind and unwind about 30-80 feet of cable. 43. A method according to claim 29, wherein said first obtaining step has a cycle time of less than about 40-90 minutes from initiation of the first measurement at the first depth to the last measurement at the last measurement depth. 44. A method according to claim 29, wherein said liquid environment is a water environment, and wherein said first obtaining step is carried out such that a plurality of measurements are taken at a plurality of depths in a water column of less than about 25 m during an elapsed time of about 20-40 minutes or less. 45. A method according to claim 29, wherein the liquid environment is a water environment, and wherein the method further comprises storing the hydrological probe after said first and second obtaining steps when not in use such that it is held immersed in the liquid environment at a level sufficient to inhibit marine fouling. 46. A method according to claim 29, further comprising directing the hydrological probe into a guide tube disposed substantially vertically in the liquid environment at a series of increasing incremental distances away from the surface of the liquid so that the hydrological probe travels therein during the step of lowering. 47. A method according to claim 46, wherein the liquid environment is water and wherein the guide tube includes a plurality of apertures arranged and configured to allow liquid to enter therein at each of the desired measurement depths so that water representative of the water at the incremental measurement depths can be analyzed. 48. A method according to claim 29, wherein the liquid environment is a flowing body of water, and wherein said first and second obtaining steps are carried out substantially concurrently at at least three different sites in different regions of a related body of water by different hydrological probes, said method further comprising: assigning location identifiers to the first, second, and third hydrological probe sites; relaying information from the first second and third sites to a central site; and analyzing the spatial distribution of the water conditions at the first, second, and third sites based on the dynamic water profiles obtained at the first, second, and third sites. 49. A method according to claim 48, wherein said first, second, and third sites are spaced apart in a flowing body of water to monitor regional correlations in water conditions at a waterway proximate an ocean inlet. 50. A method according to claim 48, further comprising monitoring meteorological conditions at at least one of the hydrological probe sites concurrently with said first and second obtaining steps. 51. A method according to claim 29, wherein the liquid environment comprises a water column, and wherein the incremental distances are incremental depths in a water column, and wherein the data measurements of said first and second obtaining steps comprise dwelling at a measurement depth at about every 0.5 m from the bottom of the water column to the water level surface. 52. A method according to claim 51, further comprising directing the hydrological probe to travel up and down the water column inside a guide tube. 53. A method according to claim 52, wherein said guide tube is substantially cylindrical and includes a plurality of axially spaced apart, axially elongated slots disposed about the perimeter of the guide tube at a plurality of positions along the length of the guide tube, the slots being configured in size and arranged in location about the length of the guide tube to allow water representative of the water at the incremental measurement depths to enter therein. 54. A method according to claim 53, wherein said guide tube is coated with an anti-fouling marine coating. 55. A method according to claim 29, further comprising measuring the water level of the surface of the water column proximate in time to said first and second obtaining steps. 56. A method according to claim 29, further comprising generating an alert to a site remote from the monitoring site when predetermined conditions are detected as abnormal. 57. A method according to claim 29, further comprising posting the liquid profile on a global computer network in substantially real-time from the collection of the first and second data measurements. 58. A method according to claim 29, wherein the method is carried out at a plurality of different sites, each having a geographic identifier associated therewith, said method further transmitting the data associated with the liquid profiles from the different sites to a central remote collection site. 59. A method according to claim 29, further comprising automatically telephoning a predetermined telephone number upon the detection of the presence of a monitored abnormal condition. 60. A method according to claim 29, further comprising automatically monitoring the winding and obtaining steps for predetermined abnormal conditions including conditions associated with the depth or movement of the hydraulic probe, and automatically repeating the winding and obtaining steps when the monitored conditions indicate the presence of an abnormal winding or depth condition. 61. A method according to claim 29, further comprising transmitting data associated with the liquid profile to a remote monitoring site, wherein the transmitting step transmits geographic identifier data with the liquid profile data. 62. A method for enhancing the life of a hydrological probe, comprising: positioning a hydrological probe in a body of water; measuring at least one parameter of interest of the water at a plurality of depths of the body of water over time with the hydrological probe; and storing the probe such that it is held immersed in the body of water at a subsurface depth after the measuring step. 63. A method according to claim 62, wherein the subsurface depth is at a depth adjacent the bottom of the body of water. 64. A method according to claim 62, wherein the body of water is salt or brackish water. 65. A method according to claim 62, wherein the body of water is fresh water. 66. A method according to claim 62, wherein the hydrological probe is a multi-sensor probe which is configured to measure a plurality of parameters of interest comprising a plurality of pH, oxygenation, chlorophyll, salinity, DO, and temperature. 67. A method according to claim 62, wherein said method provides a marine use life of at least about 6-9 days. 68. A kit for an automated water profiler system, comprising: a winching system having a drum with a length of multi conductor cable, the mutli-conductor cable adapted to engage with a hydrological mutli-sensor probe; a low voltage power source configured to be in electrical communication with said winching system when in position during operation; an electric motor configured to be operably associated with the power source and the winching system during operation; and means for selectively powering the motor at desired intervals to activate the winching system so as to automatically obtain a series of data measurements from the probe at a plurality of depths in a water column during operation. 69. A kit according to claim 68, further comprising a controller configured to be in communication with the power source, the electric motor, and the winching system during operation, and further comprising means for causing the probe to be stored in a submerged location adjacent the bottom of the water column. 70. A kit according to claim 69, further comprising a guide tube configured to be disposed in the water to define a vertical travel path for the probe, said guide tube being configured and sized to receive the probe therein. 71. A kit according to claim 70, wherein said guide tube comprises a plurality of apertures formed at different locations along the length of the tube, said apertures sized and configured to allow water therein. 72. An automated water profiler system, comprising: a controller; a winching system having a drum with a length of multi conductor cable, the multi-conductor cable adapted to engage with a hydrological multi-sensor probe; a power source configured to be in electrical communication with said winching system; an electric motor configured to be operably associated with the power source and the winching system; and means for selectively powering the motor at desired intervals to activate the winching system so as to automatically obtain a series of data measurements from the probe at a plurality of depths in a water column, wherein said system is configured to controllably wind and unwind the cable at desired time intervals and to cause the probe to be held submerged during periods of inactivity. 73. An automated system according to claim 72, wherein the system is configured to raise or lower the winch at a rate of between about 0.2-5 meters/min. 74. An automated system according to claim 72, further comprising a guide tube configured to be disposed in the water to define a vertical travel path for the probe, said guide tube being configured and sized to receive the probe therein. 75. An automated system according to claim 74, wherein said guide tube comprises a plurality of apertures formed at different locations along the length of the tube, said apertures sized and configured to allow water therein. 76. An automated system according to claim 75, wherein the system further comprises a solar energy source in communication with the power source, and wherein the power source comprises a 12V battery that is configured to be recharged via solar energy. 77. An automated water profiler system for monitoring a body of liquid, comprising: a winching system having a drum wound with a length of cable, the cable adapted to engage with a hydrological multi-sensor probe; a power source configured to be in electrical communication with said winching system; an electric motor configured to be operably associated with the power source and the winching system; a controller in communication with a relay circuit for selectively controllably powering the motor at desired intervals to activate the winching system so as to automatically obtain a series of data measurements from the probe at a plurality of depths in a liquid column, wherein said system is configured to controllably wind and unwind the cable at desired time intervals to obtain time-dependent data of at least one selected liquid parameter; and a wireless communication means operably associated with said controller for receiving commands from a remote monitoring site and dynamically transmitting data measurements thereto in substantially real-time. 78. A system according to claim 77, further comprising sensors operably associated with said wireless communication means for obtaining local nutrient and/or meteorological data. 79. A system according to claim 77, wherein the system includes computer program code to automatically operate the winching system to cause the probe to be held submerged during periods of inactivity. 80. A system according to claim 77, wherein the power source is a 12V battery. 81. A system according to claim 80, wherein the system is configured as a compact assembly that is mountable to a structure located in a body of liquid, and wherein, in use, the battery is externally accessible. 82. A system according to claim 81, wherein the compact assembly includes a housing that encases the system electronics and a winching system 83. A network of automated water profiler system for monitoring a body of water, comprising: a plurality of distributed automated water profilers, each comprising: a winching system having a drum wound with a length of cable, the cable adapted to engage with a hydrological multi-sensor probe; a power source configured to be in electrical communication with said winching system; an electric motor configured to be operably associated with the power source and the winching system; a controller in communication with a relay circuit for selectively controllably powering the motor at desired intervals to activate the winching system so as to automatically obtain a series of data measurements from the probe at a plurality of depths in a liquid column, wherein said system is configured to controllably wind and unwind the cable at desired time intervals to obtain time-dependent data of at least one selected liquid parameter; and a wireless communication means operably associated with said controller for receiving commands and dynamically transmitting data measurements thereto in substantially real-time; and at least one remote data acquisition site configured to generate and transmit commands to, and receive data from, each of the automated water profilers, wherein the remote data acquisition site comprises a controller that evaluates the data from each of the distributed automated water profilers and generates trend analysis data of selected hydrological parameters over time. 84. A system according to claim 83, wherein the monitoring sites are configured to transmit geographic identifier data with the measurement data. 