An environmental data collection system and method is provided having an internet link for providing an additional level of security for a remotely controlled data collection platform having a security alarm for protecting the platform and the environmental subject of the study. A novel lighter-than-air platform having a novel snorkel for detachably securing, mooring and providing buoyancy control is provided for the collection of data in the form of real time audio and video linked to the internet and subscribers. The novel snorkel is flexible and retractable into the novel airship to provide remote buoyancy control of the airship together with silently operating electrical motors for allowing the novel airship to be remotely controlled and moved at will to track and monitor wildlife and make environmental measurements necessary for the protection of the environment, wildlife and the operation of the novel airship. Detachable securing means provide an anti-tethering feature of the novel airship and allow the collection of data from both, an aerial perspective and a ground perspective, while providing for the collection of data from either the surface of the earth or below the surface of the water while transmitting the data to scientists, environmentalists and subscribers through the internet.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An environmental monitoring system comprising: (a) a lighter-than-air platform having a data acquisition means and a telecommunications device for transmitting data from said data acquisition means; (b) a telecommunications station for communicating with said telecommunications device and transmitting data received from said data acquisition means to a remote location; and (c) a computer at a remote location from said lighter-than-air platform for viewing data received from said telecommunications station. 2. The environmental monitoring system of claim 1 further comprising a detachable securing means on said lighter-than-air platform for maintaining said lighter-than-air platform at a predetermined maximum altitude and a releasable ballast material to maintain said lighter-than-air platform at a predetermined minimum altitude. 3. The environmental monitoring system of claim 2 further comprising a ground proximity system for providing distance information between the surface of the earth and said lighter-than-air platform. 4. The environmental monitoring system of claim 3 wherein said detachable securing means is a break away anchor constructed of a bioerodable plastic material. 5. The environmental monitoring system of claim 3 wherein said ground proximity system is a camera for providing said distance information. 6. The environmental monitoring system of claim 3 wherein said ground proximity system is an altimeter. 7. The environmental monitoring system of claim 6 wherein said altimeter includes means for adjusting said altimeter to accommodate changes in barometric pressure. 8. The environmental monitoring system of claim 7 wherein said means for adjusting said altimeter is remotely controlled. 9. The environmental monitoring system of claim 3 wherein said ground proximity system is a radar altimeter. 10. The environmental monitoring system of claim 2 wherein said detachable securing means is a snorkel and said releasable ballast material is carried in a ballonet on said lighter-than-air platform. 11. The environmental monitoring system of claim 10 further comprising a second detachable securing means in the form of a breakaway anchor means. 12. The environmental monitoring system of claim 11 further comprising remotely controlled means for reacquiring said releasable ballast material. 13. The environmental monitoring system of claim 12 wherein said means for reacquiring said releasable ballast material is a water pump on said lighter-than-air platform. 14. The environmental monitoring system of claim 10 wherein said releasable ballast material is animal food. 15. The environmental monitoring system of claim 2 further comprising a second data acquisition means. 16. The environmental monitoring system of claim 2 further comprising an electric motor propulsion means. 17. The environmental monitoring system of claim 16 further comprising solar cells on said lighter-than-air platform to provide energy to said electric motor. 18. The environmental monitoring system of claim 15 wherein said second data acquisition means is a video camera. 19. The environmental monitoring system of claim 18 wherein said second data acquisition means further includes an infrared sensor. 20. The environmental monitoring system of claim 15 wherein said second data acquisition means includes an audio data device. 21. The environmental monitoring system of claim 1 wherein said telecommunications station remotely controls said lighter-than-air platform. 22. The environmental monitoring system of claim 21 wherein said telecommunications station is a ground-based station. 23. The environmental monitoring system of claim 21 wherein said telecommunications station is a high-altitude station. 24. The environmental monitoring system of claim 23 wherein said high altitude station is a satellite. 25. The environmental monitoring system of claim 1 wherein said telecommunications station is connected to said computer through the internet. 26. The environmental monitoring system of claim 1 further comprising a master telecommunications station for communicating with said telecommunications station. 27. The environmental monitoring system of claim 26 wherein said master telecommunications station is connected to the internet. 28. The environmental monitoring system of claim 27 wherein said master telecommunications station includes a telecommunications link to said lighter-than-air platform. 29. The environmental monitoring system of claim 28 wherein said telecommunications link is through a satellite. 30. An airship comprising: (a) a lighter-than-air aircraft; (b) a detachable anchor means for controlling positive buoyancy to maintain said lighter-than-air aircraft at a predetermined maximum altitude; (c) a ballast ballonet for controlling negative buoyancy to maintain said lighter-than-air aircraft at a predetermined minimum altitude; (d) a ground proximity system for providing distance information between the ground and said lighter-than-air aircraft; and (e) a ballast release mechanism for maintaining said lighter-than-air aircraft in a position intermediate said predetermined maximum altitude and said predetermined minimum altitude. 31. The airship of claim 30 further comprising a communications device for remotely controlling said lighter-than-air aircraft. 32. The airship of claim 31 wherein said ballast ballonet is a water ballonet. 33. The airship of claim 32 wherein said detachable anchor means for controlling positive buoyancy is a snorkel. 34. The airship of claim 33 further comprising a second detachable means in the form of a breakaway bioerodable plastic anchor. 35. The airship of claim 34 wherein said snorkel is retractable and is carried on a spool. 36. The airship of claim 33 wherein said ballast release mechanism is controlled by a computer. 37. The airship of claim 33 further comprising a data acquisition device and a telecommunications device. 38. The airship of claim 37 further comprising a telecommunications station for communicating with said telecommunications device. 39. The airship of claim 38 further comprising an internet telecommunications link. 40. The airship of claim 39 further comprising a master telecommunications station disposed between said telecommunications station and said internet telecommunications link. 41. The airship of claim 40 wherein said master telecommunications station includes a telecommunications link to said lighter-than-air aircraft. 42. The airship of claim 33 further comprising a water pump disposed at the end of said snorkel. 43. The airship of claim 42 wherein said water pump is disposed at the bottom end of said snorkel. 44. The airship of claim 42 wherein said water pump is disposed at the top end of said snorkel. 45. The airship of claim 42 further comprising a second water pump disposed at the other end of said snorkel. 46. The airship of claim 42 further comprising an underwater camera disposed at the bottom end of said snorkel and operatively connected to a data acquisition device on said lighter-than-air aircraft. 47. The airship of claim 46 wherein said underwater camera is detachable from said snorkel. 48. The airship of claim 30 further comprising a security system. 49. The airship of claim 48 wherein said security system includes a first warning system for preventing damage to said lighter-than-air aircraft and a second warning system for preventing damage to the ecosystem observed and said first and second warning system are connected to the internet. 50. An airship snorkel device comprising: (a) a flexible conduit having a first end and a second end; (b) means for extending and retracting said flexible conduit; and (c) a water pump for pumping a liquid in said flexible conduit. 51. The airship snorkel of claim 50 wherein said flexible conduit is constructed of a hydrophobic material. 52. The airship snorkel of claim 50 wherein said means for extending and retracting said flexible conduit is a spool. 53. The airship snorkel of claim 52 wherein said first end is connected to a water ballonet and said second end is connected to said water pump. 54. The airship snorkel of claim 52 wherein said water ballonet is disposed in a lighter-than-air aircraft. 55. The airship snorkel of claim 52 wherein said water ballonet is disposed in an instrument pod. 56. The airship snorkel of claim 53 further comprising a motor for operating said spool. 57. The airship snorkel of claim 52 further comprising a second water pump disposed intermediate said water ballonet and said first end. 58. The airship snorkel of claim 57 wherein said flexible conduit is composed of a hydrophobic material. 59. The airship snorkel of claim 58 wherein said hydrophobic material is an elastomeric material. 60. The airship snorkel of claim 59 wherein said elastomeric material is rubber. 61. The airship snorkel of claim 60 wherein said elastomeric material is hypalon. 62. The airship snorkel of claim 57 further comprising a second flexible conduit having a first end and a second end disposed inside said flexible conduit. 63. The airship snorkel of claim 62 wherein said second water pump is connected to the second end of said flexible conduit. 64. The airship snorkel of claim 63 wherein said first end of said flexible conduit and said first end of said second flexible conduit include a filter. 65. The airship snorkel of claim 51 further comprising a second flexible conduit disposed inside said flexible conduit. 66. The airship snorkel of claim 51 further comprising a data acquisition device attached to said second end of said flexible conduit. 67. The airship snorkel of claim 51 wherein said data acquisition device is an underwater camera and hydrophone combination. 68. The airship snorkel of claim 51 wherein said flexible conduit and said means for extending and retracting said flexible conduit are housed in a housing. 69. The airship snorkel of claim 68 wherein said housing includes a water ballonet connected to said first end of said flexible conduit. 70. A method of monitoring an environment comprising: (a) establishing a remote-controlled observation platform for providing data; (b) utilizing a communications link to control said remote-controlled observation platform; (c) providing a security system to protect said remote-controlled observation platform and the subject of study providing said data; (d) utilizing a telecommunications link connected to the internet to assist in providing said security system; and (e) establishing a ground station link between said remote-controlled observation platform and said telecommunications link connected to said internet. 71. The method of claim 70 further comprising the step of creating an internet interest group in protecting said subject of study. 72. The method of claim 71 further comprising the step of providing a map and position data of said subject of study to said internet interest group. 73. The method of claim 70 further comprising the step of providing a master ground station between said ground station and said telecommunications link connected to the internet. 74. The method of claim 70 wherein said master ground station includes means for processing said data. 75. The method of claim 70 wherein said remote-controlled observation platform is a lighter-than-air aircraft. 76. The method of claim 70 wherein said lighter-than-air aircraft is remotely controlled by said ground station. 77. The method of claim 76 wherein said lighter-than-air aircraft includes a remotely-controlled camera. 78. The method of claim 77 further comprising a master ground station between said ground station and said internet. 79. The method of claim 78 wherein said master ground station includes a bidirectional communications link with members of an internet interest group. 80. The method of claim 79 wherein members of said internet interest group in combination with said master ground station periodically control said remotely controlled camera. 