An enhanced identification appliance, such as a wristband, bracelet, patch, headband, neckband, ankleband, legband, card, sticker, or other wearable appliance, may have a biometric sensor, chemical sensor, optical sensor, heat sensor, pressure sensor, humidity sensor, electromagnetic sensor, acoustic sensor, various opto-electronics and/or various security features such as tamper-evident and tamper-resistant features. The sensors may obtain information about the wearer such as a fingerprint, retina, iris, blood, DNA, genetic data, voice pattern, temperature and other characteristic. Security features include a fastener on the identification appliance, which indicates whether the appliance has been attached to a wearer and if so, enables circuit functions. If one tampers with the appliance, circuit functions may be disabled, certain data erased, and/or evidence of tampering made apparent. The appliance may monitor the location or determine the identity of passengers for an airplane, train, boat, bus, or other vehicle. Alternatively, the identification band may contain a person's immigration status.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An identification appliance adapted to provide information about a person, the identification appliance comprising: a structure adapted to be worn by or attached to the person; a fastener disposed in or on the structure, the fastener being adapted to attach the structure to the person; and a circuit disposed in or on the structure and electrically coupled to the fastener, the closing of the fastener enables a function of the circuit. 2. The identification appliance of claim 1 wherein the circuit function includes the communication of the information about the person external to the identification appliance. 3. The identification appliance of claim 1 wherein the circuit function includes the supply of power to the circuit. 4. The identification appliance of claim 1 wherein the circuit function includes the enablement of an antenna. 5. The identification appliance of claim 1 wherein the circuit function includes the tuning of an antenna. 6. The identification appliance of claim 1 wherein the circuit function includes changing a logic state input to the circuit. 7. The identification appliance of claim 1 wherein the structure is elongate and flexible. 8. The identification appliance of claim 1 wherein the circuit includes a radio frequency identification circuit, the radio frequency identification circuit adapted to transmit the information by radio frequency communication to an external device. 9. The identification appliance of claim 1 wherein the fastener comprises a first contact and a second contact and the circuit determines whether the first and second contacts are in communication with each other. 10. The identification appliance of claim 1 further comprising an electrical conductor which, when the fastener is closed, couples the fastener to the circuit. 11. The identification appliance of claim 10 further comprising a closure in communication with the conductor. 12. The identification appliance of claim 11 wherein after the closure is closed, the control circuit is adapted to determine whether the closure has been opened or tampered with. 13. The identification appliance of claim 9 wherein the first contact and the second contact comprise first and second conductors, the closure of the fastener connecting the first and second conductors to enable at least one electrical circuit. 14. The identification appliance of claim 9 wherein the first contact and the second contact comprise first and second conductors, the closure of the fastener altering a capacitance between the first and second conductors, which enables an electrical circuit. 15. The identification appliance of claim 1 wherein the information includes biometric data. 16. The identification appliance of claim 14 wherein the biometric data includes a retina, fingerprint, iris, voice, or genetic characteristic of the person. 17. The identification appliance of claim 1 wherein the information includes an image of a feature of the person. 18. The identification appliance of claim 1 wherein the information include optical character recognizable data. 19. The identification appliance of claim I wherein the identification appliance is a wristband, headband, armband, ankleband, neckband, or legband. 20. The identification appliance of claim I wherein the identification appliance is a patch or card. 21. The identification appliance of claim 1 wherein at least a circuit component of the circuit is formed substantially of at least one organic material. 22. The identification appliance of claim 21 wherein the circuit is formed entirely of at least one organic material. 23. The identification appliance of claim 1 further comprising a power source coupled to supply power to the circuit, the power source being formed at least partially of an organic material. 24. The identification appliance of claim 1 further comprising a diode within the circuit, the diode comprising an organic material. 25. The identification appliance of claim 1 further comprising a data storage device adapted to store the information, the data storage device formed substantially of at least one organic material. 26. The identification appliance of claim 25 further comprising a keypad coupled to the data storage device, the keypad adapted to input data into the data storage device. 27. The identification appliance of claim 1 further comprising a microstrip antenna coupled to the circuit, the antenna being adapted to transmit the information to a device external to the identification appliance. 28. The identification appliance of claim 27 wherein the microstrip antenna is a continuous radiator. 29. The identification appliance of claim 27 wherein the microstrip antenna is disposed on or in the structure such that when the structure is worn by or attached to the person, the microstrip antenna is adapted to radiate energy away from the person and to radiate substantially less energy toward the person. 30. The identification appliance of claim 27 wherein the microstrip antenna comprises a conductive patch layer, a conductive ground layer and a dielectric material disposed between the patch layer and the ground layer, the ground layer being located closer to the person than the patch layer when the structure is worn by or attached to the person. 31. The identification appliance of claim 1 further comprising an audio or visual display coupled to the circuit. 32. The identification appliance of claim 1 wherein the information includes medical data about the person. 33. The identification appliance of claim 1 wherein the circuit is adapted to disable a circuit function if the circuit detects that the identification appliance has been tampered with. 34. The identification appliance of claim 1 further comprising a data storage device adapted to store the information about the person and the circuit is adapted to alter, erase, or damage the information if the circuit determines that the identification appliance has been tampered with. 35. The identification appliance of claim 34 wherein the data storage device is a memory and the circuit is adapted to alter, erase, or damage the information in the memory if the circuit determines that the identification appliance has been tampered with. 36. The identification appliance of claim 34 wherein the circuit is adapted to permit an authorized person or agency to remove the identification appliance without the circuit altering, erasing, or damaging the information in the data storage device. 37. The identification appliance of claim 1 wherein the circuit is adapted to disable or change a circuit function if the circuit determines that the identification appliance has been detached from the person. 38. The identification appliance of claim 37 wherein the circuit function is the communication of the information external to the identification appliance. 39. The identification appliance of claim 37 wherein the circuit function includes the supply of power to the circuit. 40. The identification appliance of claim 37 wherein the circuit function includes the enablement of an antenna. 41. The identification appliance of claim 37 wherein the circuit function includes the tuning of an antenna. 42. The identification appliance of claim 37 wherein the circuit function includes changing a logic state input to the circuit. 43. The identification appliance of claim 37 further comprising an electrical conductor disposed in or on the structure, the conductor comprising one or more of a conductive wire or fiber, a conductive foil,, a meltable conductor, or a conductor printed on the structure, the severing or breaking of the conductor causes the circuit to determine that tampering or opening of the fastener occurred. 44. The identification appliance of claim 43 further comprising a closure in communication with the conductor, the closure including one or more of a conductive adhesive, a conductive closure mechanism, a magnetic closure mechanism, a conductive rivet or staple, a crimped material, or a heat-bonded material in proximity to the conductor. 45. The identification appliance of claim 37 further comprising a pattern of non-conductive fibers embedded within the structure, the fibers disabling, shorting, or breaking an electrical circuit when the identification appliance is overly stretched or twisted. 46. The identification appliance of claim 45 wherein the disabling, shorting, or breaking of the electrical circuit prevents the identification appliance from transmitting the information external to the identification appliance. 47. The identification appliance of claim 45 wherein the disabling, shorting, or breaking of the electrical circuit disable a data storage device, the data storage device storing the information. 48. The identification appliance of claim 1 further comprising an indicator, the indicator adapted to indicate whether the identification appliance has been tampered with. 49. The identification appliance of claim 48 wherein the indicator comprises an ink or dye, the indicator adapted to release the ink or dye when the circuit detects tampering with the identification appliance. 50. The identification appliance of claim 1 further comprising an indicator, the indicator adapted to indicate whether the fastener is closed. 51. The identification appliance of claim 50 wherein the indicator forms a visible identifying pattern when the fastener is closed. 52. The identification appliance of claim 51 wherein the circuit is adapted to enable an electrical circuit corresponding to the identifying pattern. 53. An identification appliance adapted to provide information about a person, the identification appliance comprising: a structure adapted to be worn by or attached to the person; a communication circuit disposed in or on the structure, the circuit adapted to receive biometric information about the person from a source external to the identification appliance; and a data storage device adapted to store the biometric information. 54. The identification appliance of claim 53 wherein the communication circuit includes an input port adapted to be coupled to an external device, the external device being adapted to transmit the biometric information to the communication circuit through the input port. 55. The identification appliance of claim 54 wherein the communication circuit is adapted to be coupled to a second external device, the second external device being adapted to transmit second information about the person to the communication circuit, the data storage device adapted to store the biometric information and the second information. 56. The identification appliance of claim 53 wherein the data storage device includes a memory. 57. The identification appliance of claim 56 wherein the memory is non-volatile. 58. The identification appliance of claim 53 further comprising a fastener adapted to attach the structure to the person; and a circuit disposed in or on the structure, the closing of the fastener enables a circuit function. 59. The identification appliance of claim 58 wherein the circuit function is the communication of the information about the person externally of the identification appliance. 60. The identification appliance of claim 58 wherein the circuit function includes the supply of power to the circuit. 61. The identification appliance of claim 58 wherein the circuit function includes the enablement of an antenna. 62. The identification appliance of claim 58 wherein the circuit function includes the tuning of an antenna. 63. The identification appliance of claim 58 wherein the circuit function includes changing a logic state input to the circuit. 64. The identification appliance of claim 53 wherein the biometric information includes a retina, fingerprint, iris, voice, or genetic characteristic of the person. 65. The identification appliance of claim 53 wherein the biometric information includes an image of the person. 66. The identification appliance of claim 53 wherein the biometric information include optical character recognizable data. 67. The identification appliance of claim 53 wherein the identification appliance is a wristband, headband, armband, ankleband, neckband, or legband. 68. The identification appliance of claim 53 wherein the identification appliance is a patch or card. 69. The identification appliance of claim 53 wherein at least a component of the circuit is formed substantially of at least one organic material. 70. The identification appliance of claim 69 wherein the circuit is formed entirely of at least one organic material. 71. The identification appliance of claim 53 further comprising a power source coupled to supply power to the circuit, the power source being formed at least partially of an organic material. 72. The identification appliance of claim 53 further comprising a diode within the circuit, the diode comprising an organic material. 73. The identification appliance of claim 53 further comprising a data storage device adapted to store the information, the data storage device formed substantially of at least one organic material. 74. The identification appliance of claim 53 further comprising a microstrip antenna coupled to the circuit, the antenna being adapted to transmit the information to a device external to the identification appliance. 75. The identification appliance of claim 58 wherein the circuit is adapted to disable a circuit function if the circuit detects that the identification appliance has been tampered with. 76. The identification appliance of claim 75 wherein the circuit function is the communication of the information externally of the identification appliance. 77. The identification appliance of claim 75 further comprising a data storage device adapted to store the information about the person and the circuit is adapted to alter, erase, or damage the information if the circuit determines that the identification appliance has been tampered with. 78. The identification appliance of claim 77 wherein the data storage device is a memory and the circuit is adapted to alter, erase, or damage the in information in the memory if the circuit determines that the identification appliance has been tampered with. 79. The identification appliance of claim 77 wherein the data storage device is adapted to store the biometric information and an associated information about the person. 80. A method of verifying whether the possessor of an identification appliance is its authorized bearer, the method comprising: retrieving biometric data of the bearer which was previously stored in a circuit in the identification appliance; obtaining current biometric data from the possessor of the identification appliance; and determining if the previously-stored biometric data and the current biometric data are associated with the same person. 81. The method of claim 80 further comprising indicating whether the identity of the authorized bearer has been verified. 82. The method of claim 81 wherein the indicating step comprises indicating in an audible, visual, or vibrating manner which is perceptible to a human. 83. The method of claim 80 further comprising displaying the previously-stored biometric data. 84. The method of claim 80 further comprising: retrieving associated data of the bearer which was previously stored in the circuit in the identification appliance; obtaining current associated data from the possessor of the identification appliance; and determining if the previously-stored associated data and the current associated data are from the same person. 85. The method of claim 80 wherein the step of obtaining current biometric data includes communicating current biometric data of the possessor of the identification appliance wirelessly to the identification appliance. 86. The method of claim 84 wherein the step of obtaining current associated data includes communicating current associated data of the possessor of the identification appliance wirelessly to the identification appliance. 87. An identification appliance adapted to provide information about a person, the identification appliance comprising: a structure adapted to be worn by or attached to the person; a circuit disposed in or on the structure; a sensor coupled to the circuit and disposed in or on the structure, the sensor being adapted to receive information about the person from a source external to the identification appliance; and a data storage device disposed in or on the structure and coupled to the circuit, the data storage device being adapted to store the information. 88. The identification appliance of claim 87 wherein the sensor includes a biometric sensor adapted to receive biometric information about the person. 89. The identification appliance of claim 88 wherein the biometric information includes a retina, fingerprint, iris, voice, or genetic characteristic of the person. 90. The identification appliance of claim 88 wherein the biometric information includes an image of the person. 91. The identification appliance of claim 88 wherein the biometric information include optical character recognizable data. 92. The identification appliance of claim 88 wherein the biometric sensor includes a light-emitting device adapted to emit light towards the person and a light-sensing device adapted to measure light reflection off the person to obtain a fingerprint characteristic. 93. The identification appliance of claim 88 wherein the biometric sensor includes a light-emitting device adapted to emit light towards the person and a light-sensing device adapted to measure light reflection off the person to obtain a retinal characteristic. 94. The identification appliance of claim 88 wherein the biometric sensor is formed of at least one organic material. 95. The identification appliance of claim 87 wherein the identification appliance is a wristband, headband, armband, ankleband, neckband, or legband. 96. The identification appliance of claim 87 wherein the identification appliance is a patch or card. 97. The identification appliance of claim 87 wherein the sensor includes an acoustic sensor adapted to receive acoustic information about the person. 98. The identification appliance of claim 97 wherein the acoustic sensor is adapted to receive speech information from the person and the circuit is adapted to process the speech information. 99. The identification appliance of claim 98 wherein the circuit is adapted to derive a unique identifying information about the person from the speech information. 100. The identification appliance of claim 98 wherein the circuit includes an audio generation circuit adapted to output synthesized speech. 101. The identification appliance of claim 97 wherein the acoustic sensor comprises a piezoelectric transducer. 102. The identification appliance of claim 97 wherein the acoustic sensor is formed substantially of at least one organic material. 103. The identification appliance of claim 87 wherein the sensor includes an optical sensor adapted to receive information about the person optically. 104. The identification appliance of claim 103 wherein the optical sensor comprises a light detector adapted to capture images of the person's face, fingerprint, iris, or retina. 105. The identification appliance of claim 104 wherein the optical sensor includes a charge coupled device. 106. The identification appliance of claim 104 wherein the optical sensor includes a photodetector. 107. The identification appliance of claim 103 wherein the optical sensor is formed of at least one organic material. 108. The identification appliance of claim 87 wherein the sensor includes a chemical sensor adapted to receive the information about the person chemically. 109. The identification appliance of claim 108 wherein the chemical sensor is adapted to assay the biochemical content of the person's scent, blood, or breath. 110. The identification appliance of claim 87 wherein the sensor includes a humidity sensor adapted to receive information about the humidity. 111. The identification appliance of claim 87 wherein the sensor includes a heat sensor adapted to receive temperature information. 112. The identification appliance of claim 87 wherein the sensor includes a pressure sensor adapted to receive pressure information. 113. The identification appliance of claim 87 wherein the sensor includes an electromagnetic sensor adapted to receive electromagnetic energy. 114. The identification appliance of claim 87 wherein the sensor is formed of at least one organic material. 115. The identification appliance of claim 87 further comprising an indicator adapted to provide an audible, visual, or vibrating indication to a human. 116. The identification appliance of claim 87 further comprising a keypad coupled to the data storage device, the keypad adapted to input information into the data storage device. 117. The identification appliance of claim 87 further comprising a microstrip antenna coupled to the circuit, the antenna being adapted to transmit the information to a device external to the identification appliance. 118. The identification appliance of claim 116 wherein the microstrip antenna is disposed on or in the structure such that when the structure is worn by or attached to the person, the microstrip antenna is adapted to radiate energy away from the person and to radiate substantially less energy toward the person. 119. The identification appliance of claim 87 further comprising a power source coupled to supply power to the circuit, the power source being formed at least partially of an organic material. 120. The identification appliance of claim 118 wherein the power source includes a photovoltaic cell. 121. The identification appliance of claim 118 wherein the power source includes a button-style battery. 122. The identification appliance of claim 87 further comprising a diode within the circuit, the diode comprising an organic material. 123. The identification appliance of claim 87 wherein the data storage device is formed substantially of at least one organic material. 124. The identification appliance of claim 87 wherein the data storage device includes a non-volatile memory adapted to store the information about the person. 125. The identification appliance of claim 87 wherein the information about the person stored in an encrypted form in the data storage device. 126. The identification appliance of claim 53 wherein the information about the person stored in an encrypted form in the data storage device. 127. A method of verifying whether the possessor of an identification appliance is its authorized bearer, the identification appliance containing a first set of encoded data about the bearer, the method comprising: a) obtaining a second set of data about the possessor of the identification appliance; b) encoding the set of data to obtain a second set of encoded data; c) communicating the first set of encoded data stored in the identification appliance to a reader; and d) determining whether the first and second sets of encoded data are those of the same person. 128. The method of verifying of claim 127 wherein the first and second sets of encoded data include biometric information. 129. The method of verifying of claim 127 wherein the determining step determines the number of characteristics of the first and second set of encoded data that match. 130. The method of verifying of claim 129 wherein the determining step determines there is a high probability of a match if the number of characteristics of the first and second set of encoded data that match is high and there is a low probability of a match if the number of characteristics of the first and second set of encoded data that match is low. 131. The method of verifying of claim 129 wherein the determining step compares the number of matching characteristics to a threshold number to determine the probability that the first and second sets of encoded data are from the same person. 132. The method of verifying of claim 127 further comprising assigning a weight to each data in the first or second sets of encoded data based on the data's effect on the overall probability of identity verification. 133. The method of verifying of claim 127 further comprising indicating the result of whether the first and second sets of encoded data are determined to be those of the same person. 134. The method of verifying of claim 127 further comprising indicating data from the first and second sets of encoded data which do not match. 135. The method of verifying of claim 134 further comprising permitting a human to determine whether the data from the first and second sets of encoded data match and to input the decision. 136. The method of verifying of claim 134 further comprising preventing the possessor from gaining access to a restricted area if the determining step determines that the first and second sets of encoded data are not from the same person. 137. The identification appliance of claim 1 wherein the fastener comprises a buckle attached to the structure, the buckle adapted to adjustably secure the structure to the person. 138. The identification appliance of claim 137 further comprising a dye reservoir in communication with the buckle which releases a dye from the dye reservoir when the buckle is tampered with. 139. The identification appliance of claim 137 wherein the buckle comprises an electrical conductor coupled to the circuit, the closing of the buckle enables a function of the circuit. 140. The identification appliance of claim 137 wherein the buckle comprises an electrical conductor coupled to the circuit, the opening of the buckle disables a function of the circuit. 141. The identification appliance of claim 139 wherein the buckle is formed of an organic material having an electrically conductive coating. 142. A method of passenger ticketing and boarding of a vehicle, the method comprising: (a) at check-in, (i) storing identifying data about a passenger in an identification band; and (ii) attaching the identification band to the passenger; and (b) at boarding, (i) receiving the stored identifying data in the identification band on the passenger; and (ii) processing the received identifying data to verify the passenger's identity. 143. The method of claim 142 wherein the storing step stores the identifying data in the identification band, where the identification band is a wristband, headband, armbband, neckband, ankleband, or legband. 144. The method of claim 142 wherein the storing step stores the identifying data, the identifying data comprising a retina, fingerprint, iris, voice, or genetic characteristic of the passenger. 145. The method of claim 142 further comprising obtaining an image of a feature of the passenger. 146. The method of claim 142 wherein the storing step stores the identifying data in a form of character recognizable data. 147. The method of claim 142 wherein the storing step encodes the identifying data prior to storing the data. 148. The method of claim 142 wherein the storing step encrypts the identifying data prior to storing the data. 149. The method of claim 142 wherein the storing step stores the identifying data in a nonvolatile memory in the identification band. 150. The method of claim 142 wherein the processing step determines whether the identification band has been opened or tampered with. 151. The method of claim 142 wherein the storing step includes obtaining current identifying data about the passenger. 152. The method of claim 142 further comprising displaying the received identifying data. 153. The method of claim 142 wherein the receiving step receives the stored identifying data by wireless communication with the identification band. 154. The method of claim 142 further comprising configuring the identification band to expire automatically upon an event. 155. The method of claim 154 wherein the event is the boarding of the passenger onto the vehicle. 156. The method of claim 142 wherein the vehicle is an airplane. 157. The method of claim 142 wherein the vehicle is a boat. 158. The method of claim 142 wherein the vehicle is a train. 159. The method of claim 142 wherein the vehicle is a bus. 160. The method of claim 142 further comprising monitoring the location of the passenger. 161. A method of securely tagging and claiming passenger baggage for a vehicle, the method comprising: (a) at departure, (i) storing identifying data about a passenger in an identification band; (ii) attaching an identification band to the passenger; and (iii) attaching an identification band to each item of the passenger's checked baggage; and (b) at baggage claim, (i) receiving the stored identifying data in the identification band on the passenger; (ii) receiving the stored identifying data in the identification band on each item of the claimed baggage; and (iii) processing the received identifying data to verify that each item of the claimed baggage is associated with the passenger. 162. The method of claim 161 wherein the storing step stores the identifying data in the identification band, where the identification band is a wristband, headband, armband, neckband, ankleband, or legband. 163. The method of claim 161 wherein the storing step stores the identifying data, the identifying data comprising a retina, fingerprint, iris, voice, or genetic characteristic of the passenger. 164. The method of claim 161 further comprising obtaining an image of a feature of the passenger. 165. The method of claim 161 wherein the storing step stores the identifying data in a form of character recognizable data. 166. The method of claim 161 wherein the storing step encodes the identifying data prior to storing or transmitting the data. 167. The method of claim 161 wherein the storing step encrypts the identifying data prior to storing or transmitting the data. 168. The method of claim 161 wherein the storing step stores the identifying data in a nonvolatile memory in the identification band. 169. The method of claim 161 wherein the processing step determines whether the identification band has been opened or tampered with. 170. The method of claim 161 wherein the storing step includes obtaining current identifying data about the passenger. 171. The method of claim 161 further comprising displaying the received identifying data. 172. The method of claim 161 wherein the receiving step receives the stored identifying data by wireless communication with the identification band. 173. The method of claim 161 further comprising configuring the identification band to expire automatically upon an event. 174. The method of claim 173 wherein the event is the boarding of the passenger onto the vehicle. 175. The method of claim 161 wherein the vehicle is an airplane. 176. The method of claim 161 wherein the vehicle is a boat. 177. The method of claim 161 wherein the vehicle is a train. 178. The method of claim 161 wherein the vehicle is a bus. 179. The method of claim 161 further comprising monitoring the location of the passenger. 180. The method of claim 161 further comprising verifying the identity of the passenger at a security checkpoint. 181. The method of claim 161 further comprising updating the identification band of the passenger and the identification band on the passenger's checked baggage if the itinerary of the passenger or the passenger's checked baggage changes. 182. The method of associating an immigration status with a person, the method comprising: determining the immigration status of the person for a country of interest; storing the immigration status and an identifying data about the person in an identification appliance; and providing the identification appliance to the person. 183. The method of claim 182 wherein the storing step stores the identifying data in the identification appliance, where the identification appliance is a wristband, headband, armband, ankleband, neckband, or legband. 184. The method of claim 182 wherein the storing step stores the identifying data, the identifying data comprising a retina, fingerprint, iris, voice, or genetic characteristic of the person. 185. The method of claim 182 further comprising obtaining an image of a feature of the person. 186. The method of claim 182 wherein the storing step stores the identifying data in a form of character recognizable data. 187. The method of claim 182 wherein the storing step encodes the identifying data prior to storing or transmitting the data. 188. The method of claim 182 wherein the storing step encrypts the identifying data prior to storing or transmitting the data. 189. The method of claim 182 wherein the storing step stores the identifying data in a nonvolatile memory in the identification appliance. 190. The method of claim 182 wherein the processing step determines whether the identification appliance has been opened or tampered with. 191. The method of claim 182 wherein the storing step includes obtaining current identifying data about the person. 192. The method of claim 182 further comprising verifying the immigration status of the person when the person is seeking entry into the country. 193. The method of claim 182 further comprising mailing the identification appliance to the person. 194. The identification appliance of claim 48 wherein the indicator is adapted to release a substance perceptible to an animal. 195. The identification appliance of claim 48 wherein the indicator is adapted to release a substance perceptible to a machine. 196. The identification appliance of claim 87 further comprising an indicator which is adapted to release a substance perceptible to an animal. 197. The identification appliance of claim 87 further comprising an indicator which is adapted to release a substance perceptible to a machine. 198. The identification appliance of claim 138 further comprising an indicator which is adapted to release a substance perceptible to an animal. 199. The identification appliance of claim 138 further comprising an indicator which is adapted to release a substance perceptible to a machine. 200. The identification appliance of claim 53 wherein the communication circuit is adapted to transmit information about the person in an encrypted form. 201. The identification appliance of claim 87 wherein the circuit is adapted to transmit information about the person in an encrypted form. 202. The identification appliance of claim 139 wherein the buckle is formed of an organic material which is electrically conductive. 203. The identification appliance of claim 1 further comprising an acoustic sensor adapted to receive acoustic information about the person. 204. The identification appliance of claim 203 wherein the acoustic sensor is adapted to receive speech information from the person and the circuit is adapted to process the speech information. 205. The identification appliance of claim 15 further comprising an acoustic sensor adapted to receive acoustic information about the person. 206. The identification appliance of claim 1 further comprising an optical sensor adapted to receive information about the person optically. 207. The identification appliance of claim 206 wherein the optical sensor comprises a light detector adapted to capture images of the person's face, fingerprint, iris, or retina. 208. The identification appliance of claim 15 further comprising an optical sensor adapted to receive information about the person optically. 209. The identification appliance of claim 1 further comprising a chemical sensor adapted to receive the information about the person chemically. 210. The identification appliance of claim 209 wherein the chemical sensor is adapted to assay the biochemical content of the person's scent, blood, or breath. 211. The identification appliance of claim 15 further comprising a chemical sensor adapted to receive the information about the person chemically. 212. The identification appliance of claim 53 further comprising an acoustic sensor adapted to receive acoustic information about the person. 213. The identification appliance of claim 212 wherein the acoustic sensor is adapted to receive speech information from the person and the communication circuit is adapted to process the speech information. 214. The identification appliance of claim 53 further comprising an optical sensor adapted to receive information about the person optically. 215. The identification appliance of claim 214 wherein the optical sensor comprises a light detector adapted to capture images of the person's face, fingerprint, iris, or retina. 216. The identification appliance of claim 53 further comprising a chemical sensor adapted to receive the information about the person chemically. 217. The identification appliance of claim 216 wherein the chemical sensor is adapted to assay the biochemical content of the person's scent, blood, or breath. 218. The identification appliance of claim 88 further comprising an acoustic sensor adapted to receive acoustic information about the person. 219. The identification appliance of claim 88 further comprising an optical sensor adapted to receive information about the person optically. 220. The identification appliance of claim 88 further comprising a chemical sensor adapted to receive the information about the person chemically. 221. The identification appliance of claim 103 further comprising an biometric sensor adapted to receive biometric information about the person. 222. The identification appliance of claim 103 further comprising an acoustic sensor adapted to receive acoustic information about the person. 223. The identification appliance of claim 103 further comprising a chemical sensor adapted to receive the information about the person chemically. 224. The identification appliance of claim 108 further comprising an biometric sensor adapted to receive biometric information about the person. 225. The identification appliance of claim 108 further comprising an acoustic sensor adapted to receive acoustic information about the person. 226. The identification appliance of claim 108 further comprising an optical sensor adapted to receive the information about the person optically. 227. The identification appliance of claim 113 further comprising an biometric sensor adapted to receive biometric information about the person. 228. The identification appliance of claim 113 further comprising an acoustic sensor adapted to receive acoustic information about the person. 229. The identification appliance of claim 113 further comprising an optical sensor adapted to receive the information about the person optically. 230. The identification appliance of claim 113 further comprising a chemical sensor adapted to receive the information about the person chemically. 231. The method of claim 127 wherein the second set of data includes biometric information about the possessor. 232. The method of claim 127 wherein the second set of data includes acoustic information about the possessor's voice or speech characteristic. 233. The method of claim 127 wherein the second set of data includes optical information about the possessor. 234. The method of claim 127 wherein the second set of data includes chemical information about the possessor. 235. The method of claim 127 wherein the second set of data includes genetic information about the possessor. 236. The method of claim 127 wherein the first set of data includes genetic information about the possessor. 237. The identification appliance of claim 9 wherein the conductor comprises one or more of a conductive wire or fiber, a conductive foil, a meltable conductor, or a conductor printed on the structure. 238. The identification appliance of claim 9 wherein the closure includes one or more of a conductive adhesive, a conductive closure mechanism, a magnetic closure mechanism, a conductive rivet or staple, a crimped material, or a heat-bonded material in proximity to the conductor. 239. The identification appliance of claim 9 wherein the fastener comprises a first contact and a second contact and the circuit determines whether the first and second contacts are in electrical communication. 240. The identification appliance of claim 239 further comprising an electrical conductor which, when the fastener is closed, couples the fastener to the circuit. 241. The identification appliance of claim 239 wherein the conductor comprises one or more of a conductive wire or fiber, a conductive foil, a meltable conductor, or a conductor printed on the structure. 242. The identification appliance of claim 240 further comprising a closure in communication with the conductor. 243. The identification appliance of claim 242 wherein the closure includes one or more of a conductive adhesive, a conductive closure mechanism, a magnetic closure mechanism, a conductive rivet or staple, a crimped material, or a heat-bonded material in proximity to the conductor. 244. The identification appliance of claim 242 wherein after the closure is closed, the control circuit is adapted to determine whether the closure has been opened or tampered with. 245. The identification appliance of claim 9 wherein the fastener comprises a first contact and a second contact and the circuit determines whether the first and second contacts are in inductive communication. 246. The identification appliance of claim 245 further comprising an electrical conductor which, when the fastener is closed, couples the fastener to the circuit. 247. The identification appliance of claim 246 wherein the conductor comprises one or more of a conductive wire or fiber, a conductive foil, a meltable conductor, or a conductor printed on the structure. 248. The identification appliance of claim 247 further comprising a closure in communication with the conductor. 249. The identification appliance of claim 248 wherein the closure includes one or more of a conductive adhesive, a conductive closure mechanism, a magnetic closure mechanism, a conductive rivet or staple, a crimped material, or a heat-bonded material in proximity to the conductor. 250. The identification appliance of claim 248 wherein after the closure is closed, the control circuit is adapted to determine whether the closure has been opened or tampered with. 251. The identification appliance of claim 9 wherein the fastener comprises a first contact and a second contact and the circuit determines whether the first and second contacts are in magnetic communication. 252. The identification appliance of claim 251 further comprising an electrical conductor which, when the fastener is closed, couples the fastener to the circuit. 253. The identification appliance of claim 252 wherein the conductor comprises one or more of a conductive wire or fiber, a conductive foil, a meltable conductor, or a conductor printed on the structure. 254. The identification appliance of claim 252 further comprising a closure in communication with the conductor. 255. The identification appliance of claim 254 wherein the closure includes one or more of a conductive adhesive, a conductive closure mechanism, a magnetic closure mechanism, a conductive rivet or staple, a crimped material, or a heat-bonded material in proximity to the conductor. 256. The identification appliance of claim 254 wherein after the closure is closed, the control circuit is adapted to determine whether the closure has been opened or tampered with. 257. The identification appliance of claim 25 wherein the data storage device is formed entirely of one or more organic materials. 258. The identification appliance of claim 73 wherein the data storage device is formed entirely of one or more organic materials. 259. The method of claim 142 wherein the storing step communicates the identifying data by wireless communication to the identification band. 260. The method of claim 161 wherein the storing step includes the quantity of items of the passenger's checked baggage. 261. The method of claim 161 wherein the processing step includes determining whether the passenger has retrieved all of the passenger's checked baggage. 262. The identification appliance of claim 25 wherein the circuit is adapted to communicate at least a portion of the information for storage in an external database and to store a link in the data storage device to the externally-stored information. 263. The identification appliance of claim 34 wherein the circuit is adapted to communicate at least a portion of the information for storage in an external database and to store a link in the data storage device to the externally-stored information. 264. The identification appliance of claim 53 wherein the communication circuit is adapted to communicate at least a portion of the biometric information for storage in an external database and to store a link in the data storage device to the externally-stored biometric information. 265. The method of claim 80 further comprising retrieving biometric data of the bearer which was previously stored in an external database. 266. The identification appliance of claim 87 wherein the circuit is adapted to communicate at least a portion of the information for storage in an external database and to store a link in the data storage device to the externally-stored information. 267. The identification appliance of claim 1 wherein the circuit is adapted to receive a command from an external communication system, the command being adapted to change an operating characteristic of the identification appliance. 268. The identification appliance of claim 267 wherein the circuit is adapted to communicate with an external communication system under a communications protocol and the command changes a characteristic in the communications protocol. 269. The identification appliance of claim 268 wherein the circuit is adapted to communicate information with an external communication system and the command changes the frequency at which the information is received and/or transmitted. 270. The identification appliance of claim 268 wherein the circuit is adapted to communicate information with an external communication system and the command changes the speed at which the information is received and/or transmitted. 271. The identification appliance of claim 267 wherein the circuit is adapted to communicate with an external communication system and the command changes the ability of the circuit to communicate with the external communication system. 272. The identification appliance of claim 267 wherein the command changes the expiration of the identification appliance. 273. The identification appliance of claim 53 wherein the communication circuit is adapted to receive a command from an external communication system, the command being adapted to change an operating characteristic of the identification appliance. 274. The identification appliance of claim 273 wherein the communication circuit is adapted to communicate with an external communication system under a communications protocol and the command changes a characteristic in the communications protocol. 275. The identification appliance of claim 274 wherein the command changes the frequency at which the information is received and/or transmitted. 276. The identification appliance of claim 274 wherein the command changes the speed at which the information is received and/or transmitted. 277. The identification appliance of claim 273 wherein the command changes the ability of the communication circuit to communicate with the external communication system. 278. The identification appliance of claim 273 wherein the command changes the expiration of the identification appliance. 279. The identification appliance of claim 87 wherein the communication circuit is adapted to receive a command from an external communication system, the command being adapted to change an operating characteristic of the identification appliance. 280. The identification appliance of claim 279 wherein the circuit is adapted to communicate with an external communication system under a communications protocol and the command changes a characteristic in the communications protocol. 281. The identification appliance of claim 280 wherein the circuit is adapted to communicate with an external communication system and the command changes the frequency at which the circuit communicates with the external communication system. 282. The identification appliance of claim 280 wherein the circuit is adapted to communicate information with an external communication system and the command changes the speed at which the circuit communicates with the external communication system. 283. The identification appliance of claim 279 wherein the circuit is adapted to communicate with an external communication system and the command changes the ability of the circuit to communicate with the external communication system. 284. The identification appliance of claim 279 wherein the command changes the expiration of the identification appliance. 