The present invention is directed to a space craft containing a sail craft capable of travel within and beyond the solar system. Propulsion for the sail craft is provided by a solar sail that reflects the light from the Sun to generate thrust. A carrier craft is also provided in the space craft to deploy and launch the sail craft. The space craft and missions involving the space craft include payloads and commercial advertising.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A sail craft capable of space travel, the sail craft comprising: a sail having a folded position and an expanded position, the sail capable of propelling the sail craft by reflecting photons; an extensible and rigidizable support structure attached to the sail to deploy the sail from the folded position to the expanded position and to hold the sail in the expanded position; and a power array attached to the support structure to provide power and control to the sail craft. 2. The sail craft of claim 1, wherein the sail comprises: a substrate comprising a front and a back opposite the front; a first reflective metal layer on the front; and a second metal layer on the back. 3. The sail craft of claim 2, wherein the substrate has a thickness of about 0.9 .mu.m. 4. The sail craft of claim 1, wherein the sail is of sufficient size to propel the sail craft at a velocity of 12.5 km/s. 5. The sail craft of claim 1, wherein the sail has an area of 4,900 m.sup.2 and has a mass of about 20 kg. 6. The sail craft of claim 1, wherein the sail comprises a plurality of rip terminators. 7. The sail craft of claim 6, wherein: the sail comprises a plurality of sheets joined at a plurality of seams; and the rip terminators are disposed at the seams. 8. The sail craft of claim 2, further comprising at least one solar panel attached directly to the sail substrate to provide power to the sail craft. 9. The sail craft of claim 8, wherein: the sail further comprises four separate quadrants; and the sail craft comprises at least four solar panels, one attached to each of the four quadrants. 10. The sail craft of claim 1, wherein the sail comprises at least one area containing logos. 11. The sail craft of claim 1, wherein the sail is shaped to provide passive rotational steering control about two axes of a three axes coordinate system. 12. The sail craft of claim 11, wherein the sail further comprises: a main section; and a plurality of tab sections extending from the main section such that forces applied to the sail by photons incident upon the sections as the sail rotates from an initial position about the two axes return the sail to the initial position. 13. The sail craft of claim 1, wherein the support structure comprises: a plurality of inflatable and rigidizable booms; a plurality of rings attached to the booms and the sail to provide for extension of the sail as the boom inflates; and at least one spreader structure attached to each boom to increase the stiffness of the boom. 14. The sail craft of claim 13, wherein the boom further comprises: an inflatable bladder; a plurality of longerons encasing the inflatable bladder; and a plurality of cross straps connected to the longerons. wherein the longerons and cross straps are comprised of a material that becomes rigid below its glass transition temperature. 15. The sail craft of claim 14, wherein the longerons and cross straps further comprise an outer coating to reduce friction during deployment. 16. The sail craft of claim 14, wherein the longerons and the cross straps further comprise polybenzoxazole, an aromatic polyamide, or CF. 17. The sail craft of claim 14, wherein the boom further comprises an insulation layer to hold the inflatable boom above the glass transition temperature during inflation. 18. The sail craft of claim 14, wherein the support structure further comprises a sunshade attach to the spreader structure to shield the boom from the sun and to keep the temperature of the boom below the glass transition temperature. 19. The sail craft of claim 14, wherein pressurized gas is used to inflate the bladder, and the bladder further comprises a plurality of vents to off-gas the pressurized gas, the vents disposed about the bladder so as impart a zero net force on the sail craft during off-gassing. 20. The sail craft of claim 1, wherein the power array comprises: a plurality of solar panels; and at least one power switcher electrically coupled to the solar panels to regulate and to direct power to the sail craft. 21. The sail craft of claim 1, further comprising: a payload moveable from a secured position to a transport position; an attachment mechanism to attach the payload to the sail craft; and a releasable latching mechanism to hold the payload in the secured position. 22. The sail craft of claim 21, wherein the latching mechanism is electrically coupled to the power array. 23. The sail craft of claim 1, further comprising a yaw control system attached to the sail craft and electrically coupled to the power array to provide active rotational steering about one axis of a three axis coordinate system. 24. The sail craft of claim 23, wherein the yaw control system comprises: at least one positionable yaw tab to control rotation of the sail craft about the one axis; at least one yaw tab actuator for each yaw tab to control the position of the yaw tab; and a yaw sensor to measure the rotational position of the sail craft about the one axis. 25. The sail craft of claim 24, further comprising at least two yaw tabs. 26. The sail craft of claim 24, wherein the sail is shaped to provide passive rotational steering about two axes of the three axis coordinate system. 27. A space craft comprising: a sail craft capable of interstellar space travel, the sail craft comprising: a sail having a folded position and an expanded position, the sail capable of propelling the sail craft by reflecting electromagnetic radiation; and an extensible and rigidizable support structure attached to the sail to deploy the sail from the folded position to the expanded position upon extension and to hold the sail in the expanded position; and a carrier craft releasably attached to the sail craft and capable of transporting the space craft out of orbit around the earth, the carrier craft comprising: a power source and control system; and a rocket motor capable of providing a sufficient amount of a change in velocity to transfer the space craft out of orbit around the earth. 28. The space craft of claim 27, wherein the power source and control system comprises: a plurality of solar panels; at least one battery; and an expandable space craft kernel comprising hardwired digital electronics. 29. The space craft of claim 27, further comprising an attitude control and determination system electrically coupled to the power source and control system, the attitude determination and control system comprising: at least one sun sensor; at least one star camera; at least one initializable inertial sensor; and a horizon sensor 30. The space craft of claim 29, wherein the attitude control and determination system further comprises: at least one pressurized, cold gas tank; and a plurality of gas thrusters coupled to the cold gas tank to apply directing forces to the space craft. 31. The space craft of claim 27, further comprising a communications system to transmit data and images from the space craft to earth. 32. The space craft of claim 31, wherein the communications system comprises: at least one RF transponder; and at least one RF antenna. 33. The space craft of claim 27, further comprising a sail craft deployment and separation structure to extend the support structure and to separate the sail craft from the carrier craft. 34. The space craft of claim 27, wherein: the carrier craft further comprises at least one pressurized cold gas tank; the support structure comprises a plurality of inflatable bladders; and the deployment and separation structure comprises: tubing and regulators to direct the gas into the bladders; and a plurality of vents to off-gas the pressurized gas, the vents arranged so as impart a zero net force on the sail craft during off-gassing. 35. The space craft of claim 34, wherein the deployment and separation structure further comprises: a plurality of heat lamps to heat the bladders during inflation; and a plurality of ultrasonic sensors to monitor the percentage of inflation of the bladders. 36. The space craft of claim 33, further comprising a separation mechanism to separate the sail craft from the carrier craft without inducing any net forces on the sail craft. 37. A method for interstellar space travel comprising: launching a space craft comprising a carrier craft and a sail craft into earth transfer orbit; escaping earth transfer orbit at perigee; deploying the sail craft; releasing the sail craft from the carrier craft; and accelerating the sail craft to solar escape velocity. 38. The method of claim 37, wherein the step of deploying the sail craft comprises expanding a solar sail using a plurality of extensible support structures attached to the solar sail. 39. The method of claim 38, wherein the support structures include inflatable bladders and the step of expanding the solar sail comprises inflating the bladders. 40. The method of claim 38, wherein the step of deploying further comprises: imaging the expanding solar sail using a plurality of cameras; and transmitting the images to earth. 41. The method of claim 37 further comprising controlling the space craft from the earth. 42. The method of claim 37, wherein the step of accelerating the sail craft comprises: positioning the sail craft at an angle to the sun; and switching the sail craft to a zero angle of inclination. 