Hybrid wind turbine apparatus includes a pair of counter rotating rotors having micro thrusters fitted at tip of each blade of the rotors. An upright mast supports bearings underlying and rotatably supporting a hub assembly having tandemly mounted dual alternators. A first set of rotor is mounted on the windward alternator shaft, while the second rotor is mounted on the downwind rotor shaft. A heat exchanger having a centrifugal fan is provided to circulate ambient air to cool alternator. The hot air is directed to the combustion chamber of the thruster by means of an air duct in the blades. Natural gas or liquid fuel is also conveyed from a stationary platform to a rotating frame by means of a rotary fluid coupler. When wind speed is low, fuel will be injected into the combustion chamber and burned with large mass of air. The hot gas is expanded in an exist nozzle to provide thrust to assist wind power. Thus, the hybrid wind turbine system can become beneficial without the need for an auxiliary system during low wind season.
Claims I claim: 1. A method of designing and manufacturing hybrid wind turbine apparatus comprising: an assembly of tandemly mounted dual alternators directly driven by counter rotating rotors having plurality of blades ranging from one, two or three blades per rotor, wherein each blade tip is fitted with a micro thruster powered by natural gas or liquid fuel; a stationary armature shell having plurality of armature windings; an inner rotating magnet drum having plurality of magnetic field pole pairs fixed on drum periphery at plurality of equally spaced locations, thereby generating electrical power as the upwind rotor and downwind rotor rotate in opposite directions to each. 2. Hybrid wind turbine apparatus as set forth in claim 1 including: an upright mast; and a yaw bearing on the upright mast underlying the hub assembly for rotatably supporting the hub assembly enabling it to be selectively positioned in azimuth so that the first set of rotor blades are relatively closer to the wind-induced air flow, or upwind, and the second set of rotor blades are relatively farther from the wind-induced air flow, or leeward or downwind. 3. Hybrid wind turbine apparatus as set forth in claim 1 wherein each of the rotor blades extends from the shaft to a tip end and has a radial passage extending from an inlet at the inner peripheral surface of the shaft; wherein the shaft is hollow and defines an axially extending duct; and including: a windward inlet nozzle for receiving wind-induced air, a centrifugal fan in a heat exchanger for circulating ambient air around an armature for cooling means and redirecting hot air through an axially extending hallow shaft to the radial passage in each of the rotor blades. 4. Hybrid wind turbine apparatus as set forth in claim 3 wherein each of the rotor blade tips is fitted with tangentially directed micro thruster powered by natural gas or any suitable liquid fuel. 5. Hybrid wind turbine apparatus as set forth in claim 3 wherein a rotary fluid coupler connects a stationary fuel line to a rotating fuel conduit firmly fixed to said rotating hallow shaft. 6. Hybrid wind turbine apparatus as set forth in claim 4 wherein each of the rotor blade tips is fitted with a solar cell powered battery source and a sensor to sense incoming fuel and ignite the fuel mixture in the combustion chamber of said thruster. 7. A method of generating power comprising the steps of: (a) mounting two alternators in tandem on a self aligning base on top of a mast; (b) directly mounting a first rotor on the shaft of the upwind alternator; (c) directly mounting a second rotor on the shaft of the downwind alternator; (d) positioning the blades of first and second set of rotors so that wind-induced induced airflow causes the first set of blades to rotate in a direction opposite to the second set of blades. 8. A method of generating power as set forth in claim 7 including the steps of: (e) providing plurality of armature windings on the outer shell; (f) providing a plurality of magnetic field pole pairs on the inner drum at plurality of circumferentially spaced locations; (g) separating each adjacent pair of armature windings with a dielectric spacer thereby generating electrical power as the plurality of magnetic field poles rotate in relation to armature windings. 9. A method of generating power as set forth in claim 7 further including the steps of: (h) providing each of the rotor blades with a radial passage extending from an inlet at the inner peripheral surface of the shaft to a tangentially directed outlet at the tip end; (i) providing an annular passage of uniform dimension between the armature shell and heat exchanger enclosure; (j) providing an axially extending duct through the shaft; (k) providing a centrifugal fan to circulate ambient air around armature for cooling means and permitting the air to flow through the annular passage and redirecting the air flow through the inlet to the radial passage of each of the rotor blades; (l) providing micro thrusters at the tip of each blade; and (m) providing fuel source to the thruster during low wind periods. 10. A method of generating power as set forth in claim 7 including the step of: drawing off the electrical power from the hub assembly to a distant receiver. 