The present invention describes various methods and apparatus to increase efficiency and sales of a Newspaper Rack. Several sensors are positioned throughout the Newspaper Rack to monitor when the remaining inventory reaches a predetermined quantity or is depleted. A logic circuit monitors the sensors and when the sensors change state, a signal is transmitted to a central location. The central location may add time-stamping, reference the location, and compile the information into a database. The central location notifies the proper party to service the Newspaper Rack. The Newspaper Rack can include various mechanisms to stimulate customers into purchasing a Newspaper, such as a visual display or audible means. The stimulating information can be obtained and/or changed using wireless transmission to a receiver. The Newspaper Rack can include external monitoring devices to gather information for traffic flow, weather, or other desirable information. This can offset the service costs for monitoring the inventory levels. Power consumption and replenishment are considered by the inclusion of solar cells to recharge the battery, placement of the battery under the platform for ease of replacement, and the inclusion of a battery monitoring circuit for optimizing replacement.
Claims What is claimed: 1. A Newspaper Rack comprising: at least one of an access door and a single feed system; at least one of an inventory sensor to monitor when at least one Newspaper is positioned on a stationary platform, at least one Newspaper is removed from a moveable platform, an inventory sensor to monitor when the moveable platform equals or passes a predetermined position, an inventory sensor to monitor when the single feed system is at least one of loaded and depleted and an inventory sensor to monitor when a Newspaper is removed from the access door; a circuit for monitoring at least one of the at least one of inventory sensors of the Newspaper Rack; and a wireless transmitter. 2. The Newspaper Rack of claim 1, the Newspaper Rack further comprising: a solar power source. 3. The Newspaper Rack of claim 1, the Newspaper Rack further comprising: a battery. 4. The Newspaper Rack of claim 3, the Newspaper Rack further comprising: a battery monitoring circuit. 5. The Newspaper Rack of claim 3, the Newspaper Rack wherein the Newspaper rack comprises the moveable platform and the battery is coupled to the underside of the moveable platform. 6. The Newspaper Rack of claim 1, the Newspaper Rack further comprising: a transparent viewing panel located with the access door, and an antenna, whereby the antenna is coupled to the Newspaper Rack at least one of externally and adjacent a transparent viewing panel. 7. The Newspaper Rack of claim 1, the Newspaper Rack further comprising: an automated payment system. 8. The Newspaper Rack of claim 7, the Newspaper Rack further comprising at least one of: A) a mechanical coin mechanism, B) an electro-mechanical coin mechanism, C) a cash reader, D) a debt card reader, E) a credit card reader, F) a smart card system, G) an RF recognition system, H) an iris recognition system, and I) a fingerprint recognition system. 9. The Newspaper Rack of claim 1, the Newspaper Rack further comprising: a service indicator, whereby the service indicator is to be operated by a service person to indicate that the Newspaper Rack has received service, and the service indicator is integrated into the system whereby when the service indicator is operated, the system transmits a service indicating signal. 10. The Newspaper Rack of claim 1, the Newspaper Rack further comprising: an external activity monitoring apparatus. 11. A Newspaper Rack comprising: a alert sensor that can detect any unwarranted motion of the Newspaper rack, and a transmitter which transmits a alert message upon change in state of the alert sensor. 12. The Newspaper Rack of claim 11, the Newspaper rack further comprising an inventory sensor designed such to change state upon at least one of equaling a predetermined quantity, exceeding below a predetermined quantity, and complete depletion of inventory. 13. The Newspaper Rack of claim 11, the Newspaper rack further comprising a global positioning system. 14. The Newspaper Rack of claim 13, further comprising a circuit that causes the global positioning system to being functioning in conjunction with the change in state of the alert sensor. 15. The Newspaper Rack of claim 11, the Newspaper Rack further comprising a solar power source. 16. The Newspaper Rack of claim 11, the Newspaper Rack further comprising a battery. 17. The Newspaper Rack of claim 11, the Newspaper Rack further comprising an automated payment system. 18. The Newspaper Rack of claim 17, wherein the automated payment system comprises at least one of: J) a mechanical coin mechanism, K) an electro-mechanical coin mechanism, L) a cash reader, M) a debt card reader, N) a credit card reader, O) a smart card system, P) an RF recognition system, Q) an iris recognition system, R) a fingerprint recognition system, S) payment made at an ATM machine, and T) payment made at a fuel dispensing apparatus. 19. The Newspaper Rack of claim 11, Newspaper Rack further comprising: a wireless receiver; a decoding circuit to decode a wireless transmission; an electronic storage apparatus for storing a sales stimulating message; and at least one of an electronically changeable, visual alerting display and an audible alerting device. 20. A Newspaper Rack comprising: an inventory sensor that identifies at least one of when the inventory of newspapers meets a predetermined quantity, the number of newspapers becomes blow a predetermined quantity, and the inventory of newspapers is depleted, an alert sensor which changes state when the Newspaper Rack is subjected to unwarranted motion, and a transmitter which transmits a signal when at least one of the inventory sensor and alert sensor is within a predetermined criteria. 