An array of elongated concave parabolic trough-shaped reflectors is disclosed. The orientation of the array is biaxially kept essentially perpendicular to rays of the sun by an optical control such that sunlight is reflected and concentrated along a focal line of each elongated reflector by which (a) water in a tube disposed at the focal line is heated by reflected line focused sunlight impinged thereon and/or (b) line focused reflected sunlight is optically transformed into point focused reflected sunlight using Fresnel lenses from which electricity is generated using solar cells upon which the point focused reflected sunlight is impinged.
Claims What is claimed and desired to be secured by Letters Patent is: 1. A method of transforming solar energy to thermal energy comprising the acts of: (a) impinging rays of sunshine upon an array of linear line-focusing parabolic trough reflectors arranged in series and parallel; (b) mechanically tilting the reflectors around at least one essentially horizontal axis and mechanically turning the reflectors collectively along a curved track in respect to an essentially vertical axis so that the reflectors individually and collectively are essentially perpendicular to the rays of sunshine; (c) correcting the tilt of the reflectors and the track positions of the reflectors around the essentially horizontal axis and the essentially vertical axis, respectively, to retain said perpendicular relationship; (d) heating influent water in a tube with reflected sunlight at a focal line of each reflector; (e) discharging the tube-heated water as effluent for subsequent use. 2. A method according to claim 1 wherein the mechanically tilting and the correcting the tilt acts comprise collectively tilting and correcting the tilt of all reflectors. 3. A method according to claim 1 wherein the mechanically tilting act takes place around a plurality of parallel essentially horizontal axes. 4. A method according to claim 1 wherein the collectively turning act takes place along a circular track. 5. A method of transforming solar energy to electrical energy comprising the acts of: (a) impinging rays of sunshine upon an array of line-focusing parabolic trough reflectors; (b) mechanically and collectively tilting the reflectors in respect to at least one essentially horizontal axis and mechanically and collectively turning the reflectors along a curved track in respect to an essentially vertical axis; (c) position-correcting the tilt and track orientations of the reflectors collectively to retain said essentially perpendicular relationship; (d) transforming reflected sunlight to electrical energy along a focal line of each reflector; (e) communicating the electrical energy for use. 6. A method according to claim 5 wherein the transforming act comprises changing the line focus of reflected sunlight to a series of focal points sites and imposing the point focused reflected sunlight upon a series of solar cells at said sites. 7. A method according to claim 6 wherein the changing act comprises passing the line focused reflected sunlight through a series of Fresnel lenses. 8. A method according to claim 6 wherein the imposing act is preceded by further reflecting stray sunlight passing through the Fresnel lens from at least one converging surface onto each solar cell. 9. A method according to claim 5 wherein the transforming act comprises point focusing reflected sunlight at the focal line of each reflector upon a solar cell and outputting said electrical energy from each solar cell. 10. A method according to claim 9 wherein the point focusing is achieved by passing the line focused sunlight through a lineal series of Fresnel lens. 11. A method according to claim 9 wherein the point focusing is achieved by passing the line focused sunlight through a series of Fresnel lens and concentrating the sunlight output from each Fresnel lens upon an associated solar cell with a funnel-shaped reflector peripherally disposed around the solar cell. 12. A method of converting solar energy to at least one other form of energy comprising the acts of: progressively and collectively turning and tilting an array of parabolic trough reflectors to maintain an essentially perpendicular relationship between rays of sunlight and the reflectors while converting reflected sunlight concentrated along focal lines of the reflectors to at least one other form of energy selected from the group consisting of thermal energy and electrical energy. 13. A method according to claim 12 wherein the converting step comprises heating tube-contained water at each focal line with the reflected sunlight. 14. A method according to claim 12 wherein the converting step comprises transforming reflected line focused sunlight to point focused reflected sunlight at spaced locations along the focal lines and imposing the point focused reflected sunlight upon solar cells at said spaced locations to create electricity. 15. A method according to claim 12 wherein the converting step comprises heating tube-contained water along some of the focal lines and energizing solar cells adjacent other focal lines to create electricity. 16. A method according to claim 12 wherein the converting step comprises point focusing reflected line focused sunlight at a plurality of locations upon linearly spaced solar cells to create electricity. 17. A method according to claim 12 wherein the converting step comprises heating tube-contained water with line focused reflected sunlight along some of the focal lines and point focusing reflected line focused sunlight at other focal lines upon solar cells to create electricity. 18. A method of converting solar energy to at least one other form of energy comprising the acts of: positioning an assembly of reflectors so that each reflector is essentially perpendicular to rays of sunlight; reflecting the sunlight from each reflector so as to focus the sunlight in concentrated form along a focal line; converting the line focused reflected sunlight to at least one other form of energy selected from the group consisting of thermal energy, electrical energy and both. 19. A method according to claim 18 wherein the converting act comprises heating water in a tube with the reflected line focused sunlight along at least one of the focal lines. 20. A method according to claim 18 wherein the converting act comprises refracting reflected line focused sunlight into point focused sunlight at at least one of the focal lines and imposing the point focused sunlight upon a plurality of solar cells near other focal lines to create electricity. 21. A method according to claim 18 wherein the reflecting act is achieved using an assembly of parabolic trough reflectors. 22. A method according to claim 18 wherein the positioning act comprises continuously sensing the location of the sun and bidirectionally altering the orientation of the reflectors progressively as the relative location of the sun changes to maintain said essentially perpendicular relationship. 23. A method according to claim 22 wherein the sensing act is optical and the altering act is electro-mechanical. 24. A method according to claim 18 further comprising the acts of mounting the assembly of reflectors upon an upper frame for pivotal movement in respect to spaced parallel essentially horizontal axes and rotatably mounting the upper frame upon a lower frame having an essentially vertical axis and wherein the positioning act comprises pivoting the reflectors essentially in unison around the essentially horizontal axes and rotating the upper frame about the essentially vertical axis to follow the sun. 25. A method according to claim 24 wherein the positioning act comprises continually optically sensing the ever changing relative location of the sun to generate control signals by which at least one power mechanism pivotally adjusts the positions of the reflectors around the essentially horizontal axes and by which at least one other power mechanism rotates the upper frame in respect to the lower frame around the essentially vertical axis to thereby continuously maintain the perpendicular relationship. 26. A method according to claim 24 wherein the positioning act comprises continually optically sensing the ever changing relative location of the sun to generate control signals by which a first motor-driven actuator pivots the reflectors around the essentially horizontal axes and by which a second motor driven actuator rotates the upper frame in respect to the lower frame around the essentially vertical axis to thereby continuously maintain the perpendicular relationship. 27. A method according to claim 26 wherein the first motor-driven actuator comprises a screw displacement device and the second motor driven actuator comprises a drive mechanism selected from the group consisting of a sprocket and chain drive and a pulley and cable drive. 28. A method according to claim 18 wherein the positioning act comprises (a) collectively altering the inclined disposition of the reflectors with respect to the vertical using a first displacement system and (b) collectively turning the reflectors in respect to the horizontal using a second displacement system. 29. A method according to claim 18 wherein the positioning act is preceded by the act of mounting the reflectors upon an upper frame rotationally supported upon a lower static frame, the lower static frame being supported by structure selected frame the group consisting of ground-engaging columns, roof-engaging columns and non-column support structure. 30. A method according to claim 18 wherein the converting act comprises transforming line focused reflected sunlight into point focused reflected sunlight by imposing the line focused upon light concentrators selected from the group consisting of Fresnel lenses and convergently tapered secondary reflectors to produce point focused sunlight, and solar cell upon which the point focused sunlight is impinged for production of electricity. 31. A method according to claim 18 wherein the positioning act comprises optically determining the location of the sun and electro-mechanically bidirectionally bringing the reflectors into essentially perpendicular relationship with the rays of sunlight. 32. A method according to claim 18 wherein the converting act heats water in tubes at lines of focus and further comprises insulating the tubes at locations not aligned with the rays of sunlight. 33. A method according to claim 18 wherein the converting act produces DC electricity which is directly used, stored and/or changed into AC electricity. 34. An apparatus for transforming solar energy to thermal energy comprising: (a) an array of linear line-focusing angularly adjustable parabolic trough reflectors arranged in series and parallel; (b) an upper frame supporting the array of angularly adjustable parabolic trough reflectors; (c) a lower frame rotatably supporting the upper frame upon a track; (d) a control system for collectively adjusting the angularity of each parabolic trough reflector and for curvilinearly displacing the upper frame along the track upon the lower frame, to obtain and retain essentially perpendicularity between rays of sunshine and the reflectors whereby reach reflector reflects and focuses sunlight along a line; (e) an energy converter located at at least one of the focus lines by which reflected line focused sunlight is transformed into thermal energy. 35. An apparatus according to claim 34 wherein the energy converter comprises a tube containing water located at at least one of the focus lines, which water is heated by the line focused reflected sunlight. 36. An apparatus according to claim 35 further comprising external insulation carried externally on the tube exclusive of where reflected line focused sunlight impinges on the tube. 37. An apparatus according to claim 35 further comprising an elongated housing at the focus line in which the tube is disposed. 38. An apparatus according to claim 37 wherein the housing comprises a window through which line focused reflected sunlight passes prior to being impinged upon the tube. 39. An apparatus according to claim 34 wherein the track comprises a curvilinear I-beam comprising an upper flange, a lower flange and a web and the upper housing comprises I-beam followers. 40. An apparatus according to claim 39 wherein the I-beam followers each comprise first rollers rotatably in contact with the lower flange of the I-beam to accommodate rotation of the upper frame in respect to the lower frame and second rollers in contact with the web of the I-beam to prevent the upper frame from jumping the track. 41. An apparatus according to claim 40 wherein the first and second rollers of each I-beam follower are rotatably carried by at least one carriage of the upper frame. 42. An apparatus according to claim 41 wherein the carriage comprises a trunnion. 43. An apparatus according to claim 34 wherein the reflectors are gang connected together in series and in parallel. 44. An apparatus according to claim 34 wherein the control system comprises at least one displaceable toggle mechanism connected to the reflectors and selectively motor actuated for displacing the toggle mechanism to achieve said angularity to thereby achieve and maintain said perpendicularity. 45. An apparatus according to claim 34 wherein the control system comprises a motor-driven displacement mechanism by which the upper frame is turned relative to the lower frame upon the track to achieve and maintain said perpendicularity. 46. An apparatus according to claim 34 wherein the control system comprises at least one rotatable torque tube connected to the reflectors and selectively motor rotated for achieving said angularity to thereby achieve and maintain said perpendicularity. 47. An apparatus for transforming solar energy to electrical energy comprising the acts of: (a) an array of line-focusing angularly adjustable parabolic trough reflectors upon which sunlight is impinged and reflected; (b) an upper frame supporting the array of angularly adjustable parabolic trough reflectors; (c) a lower frame rotatably supporting the upper frame upon a track; (d) a control system or collectively adjusting the angularity of each parabolic trough reflector and for rotating the upper frame along the track of the lower frame, to obtain and retain essentially perpendicularity between rays of sunshine and the reflectors whereby reach reflector reflects and focuses sunlight along a line; (e) an energy converter located at at least one of the focus lines by which reflected line focused sunlight is transformed into electrical energy. 48. An apparatus according to claim 47 wherein the energy converter comprises a point focusing structure located at at least one of the focus lines by which the line focused reflected sunlight is changed to point focused reflected sunlight and a solar cell at the point of focus by which point focused reflected sunlight is changed to electrical energy. 49. An apparatus according to claim 48 wherein the point focusing structure comprises a series of Fresnel lenses linearly arranged along the focal line. 50. An apparatus according to claim 48 wherein the focusing structure comprises light concentrators each having at least one converging side wall surface and a throat, with the solar cell disposed at the throat. 51. An apparatus according to claim 47 wherein the track comprises a curvilinear I-beam comprising an upper flange, a lower flange and a web and the upper housing comprises I-beam followers. 52. An apparatus according to claim 51 wherein the I-beam followers each comprise first rollers rotatably in contact with the lower flange of the I-beam to accommodate rotation of the upper frame in respect to the lower frame and second rollers in contact with the web of the I-beam to prevent the upper frame from jumping the track. 53. An apparatus according to claim 52 wherein the first and second rollers are rotatably carried by at least one carriage of the upper frame. 54. An apparatus according to claim 53 wherein the carriage comprises a trunnion. 55. An apparatus according to claim 50 wherein the reflectors are gang connected together in series and in parallel. 56. An apparatus according to claim 47 wherein the control system comprises at least one displaceable toggle mechanism connected to the reflectors and selectively motor actuated for displacing the toggle mechanism to achieve said angularity thereby to achieve and maintain said perpendicularity. 57. An apparatus according to claim 47 wherein the control system comprises a motor-driven displacement mechanism by which the upper frame is turned relative to the lower frame upon the track to achieve and maintain said perpendicularity. 58. An apparatus according to claim 47 wherein the control system comprises at least one rotatable torque tube connected to the reflectors and selectively motor rotated for achieving said angularity to thereby achieve and maintain said perpendicularity. 59. An apparatus for converting solar energy to at least one other form of energy comprising: an array of parabolic trough reflectors; a control system for maintaining an essentially perpendicular relationship between rays of sunlight and the reflectors; an energy converter for converting reflected sunlight concentrated along focal lines of the reflectors to at least one other form of energy selected from the group consisting of thermal energy and electrical energy. 60. An apparatus according to claim 59 wherein the energy converter comprises tube-contained water at at least some of the focal lines whereby the line focused reflected sunlight heats the water. 61. An apparatus according to claim 59 wherein the energy converter comprises sunlight concentrators for transforming reflected line focused sunlight to point focused reflected sunlight at spaced locations along at least some of the focal lines and solar cells adjacent to said spaced locations upon which point focused reflected sunlight is impinged to create electricity. 62. An apparatus according to claim 59 wherein the energy converter comprises: (a) tube contained water at at least some of the focal lines whereby line focused reflected sunlight heats the water and (b) sunlight concentrators at predetermined focal lines transforming reflected line focused sunlight into point focused reflected sunlight and a solar cell adjacent to each sunlight concentrator upon which point focused reflected sunlight is impinged to create electricity. 63. An apparatus for converting solar energy to at least one other form of energy comprising the acts of: an assembly of reflectors; a reflector control system so that each reflector is retained essentially perpendicular to rays of sunlight and therefore sunlight reflected from each reflector is concentrated along a focal line; an energy converter for receiving and converting the line focused reflected sunlight to at least one other form of energy selected from the group consisting of thermal energy, electrical energy and both. 64. An apparatus according to claim 63 wherein the energy converter comprises a tube containing water upon which the reflected line focused sunlight is impinged to heat the water. 65. An apparatus according to claim 63 wherein the energy converter comprises refracting lenses by which reflected line focused sunlight is changed into point focused sunlight at at least one of the focal lines and a plurality of solar cells upon which the point focused sunlight is impinged to create electricity. 66. An apparatus according to claim 63 wherein the control system comprises at least one sensor continuously sensing the location of the sun and at least one power displacement mechanism bidirectionally altering the orientation of the reflectors progressively as the relative location of the sun changes to maintain said essentially perpendicular relationship. 67. A method of transforming solar energy to electrical energy comprising the acts of: (a) impinging rays of sunshine upon an array of Fresnel lenses; (b) mechanically and collectively tilting the Fresnel lenses in respect to at least one essentially horizontal axis and mechanically and collectively turning the Fresnel lenses along a curved track in respect to an essentially vertical axis to obtain perpendicularity between the sun and the lenses; (c) position-correcting the tilt and track orientations of the Fresnel lenses collectively to retain said perpendicularity; (d) point focusing rays of sunlight passing through each Fresnel lens upon a solar cell; (e) reflecting stray sunlight between each Fresnel lens and the associated solar cell to point focus the rays of stray sunlight upon the associated solar cell; (f) transforming the twice point focused sunlight to electrical energy at each solar cell; (g) communicating the electrical energy for use. 68. A method according to claim 67 wherein the reflecting act comprises impinging the stray sunlight upon converging surfaces adjacent to each solar cell and thence onto each solar cell. 69. A method according to claim 67 wherein the reflecting act is achieved by impinging the stray sunlight upon a funnel-shaped reflector peripherally disposed around each solar cell. 70. A method of converting solar energy to electrical energy comprising the acts of: automatically progressively and collectively turning and tilting an array of Fresnel lenses to maintain an essentially perpendicular relationship between rays of sunlight and all Fresnel lenses while converting at solar cells point focused rays of sunlight primarily via the Fresnel lenses and secondarily via a stray sunlight concentrator interposed between each Fresnel lens and each solar cell. 71. A method of converting solar energy to electrical energy comprising the acts of: progressively and collectively turning and tilting an array of Fresnel lenses to maintain an essentially perpendicular relationship between rays of sunlight and all Fresnel lenses while converting sunlight, primarily and secondarily concentrated upon solar cells, to electricity, the converting act comprising transforming rays eminating from the sun into electricity by passing the rays through each Fresnel lenses to point focus most of the rays upon an associated one of the solar cells, resulting also in some residual stray rays between each Fresnel lens and the associated solar cell, and point focusing the stray rays upon each solar cell. 72. A method of converting solar energy to electrical energy comprising the acts of: progressively and collectively turning and tilting an array of Fresnel lenses to maintain an essentially perpendicular relationship between rays of sunlight and all Fresnel lenses while delivering point focused sunlight in two ways to a plurality of solar cells one solar cell associated with each Fresnel lens, the delivering act comprising impinging influent sunlight in essentially perpendicular relation upon and through each Fresnel lens so that most effluent sunlight from each Fresnel lens is point focused upon the associated solar cell with the remainder of the effluent sunlight being impinged upon a reflective sunlight concentrator and thence as point focused sunlight from each Fresnel lens upon the associated solar cell. 73. A method according to claim 72 wherein the turning and tilting acts comprise continuously sensing the location of the sun and bidirectionally altering collectively the orientation of the array of Fresnel lenses progressively as the relative location of the sun changes to maintain said essentially perpendicular relationship. 74. A method according to claim 73 wherein the sensing act is optical and the altering act is electro-mechanical. 75. A method according to claim 72 further comprising the acts of mounting the array of Fresnel lenses upon an upper frame for pivotal movement in respect to spaced parallel essentially horizontal axes and rotatably mounting the upper frame upon a lower frame having an essentially vertical axis and wherein the turning and tilting acts comprise pivoting the Fresnel lens essentially in unison around the essentially horizontal axes and rotating the upper frame about the essentially vertical axis to follow the sun. 76. A method according to claim 75 wherein the turning and tilting acts comprise continually optically sensing the ever changing relative location of the sun to generate control signals by which at least one power mechanism pivotally adjusts the positions of the Fresnel lenses around the essentially horizontal axes and by which at least one other power mechanism rotates the upper frame in respect to the lower frame around the essentially vertical axis to thereby continuously maintain the perpendicular relationship. 77. A method according to claim 72 wherein the turning and tilting acts are preceded by the act of mounting the array of Fresnel lenses upon an upper frame rotationally supported upon a lower static frame, the lower static frame being supported by structure selected frame the group consisting of ground-engaging columns, roof-engaging columns and non-column support structure. 78. A method of concerting solar energy to electrical energy comprising the acts of: positioning an assembly of Fresnel lenses so that each lens is and remains essentially perpendicular to rays of sunlight; concerting sunlight imposed upon the Fresnel lens by point focusing a primary amount of the imposed sunlight upon solar cells and concentrating secondary stray sunlight after it has exited the Fresnel lens as point focused sunlight upon the solar cells. 79. An apparatus for transforming solar energy to electrical energy comprising: (a) an array of moveable point-focusing assemblies, each assembly seriatim comprising a Fresnel lens, a stray sunlight concentrator and a solar cell; (b) an upper frame supporting the array; (c) a lower frame rotatably supporting the upper frame upon a track; (d) a control system for collectively adjusting the angularity of each assembly and for curvilinearly displacing the upper frame along the track upon the lower frame, to obtain and retain essentially perpendicularity between rays of sunshine and each assembly; and (e) so that each solar cell receives primary point focused and secondary point focused sunlight which is transformed into electrical energy. 80. An apparatus for converting solar energy to electrical energy comprising: an array of sunlight-to-electrical energy converting assemblies; a control system for automatically maintaining an essentially perpendicular relationship between rays of sunlight and the assemblies; and each assembly comprising a Fresnel lens, a stray sunlight concentrator and a solar cell by which sunlight exiting the Fresnel lens is delivered to the solar cell as primary and secondary point focused sunlight for conversion to electricity. 81. A method of converting solar energy to electrical and thermal energy comprising the acts of: automatically progressively and collectively turning and tilting an array of energy converters comprised of Fresnel lenses and liquid containing tubes to maintain an essentially perpendicular relationship between rays of sunlight and all energy converters while converting sunlight into electrical energy at solar cells where point focused rays of sunlight are impinged via the Fresnel lenses and heating the liquid in the tubes to obtain thermal energy. 