This invention provides an alarm system and method for adjusting the wake-up signals. The system includes a means for tracking the behavior of a person in a predetermined area under surveillance after the activation of an alarm clock, and a means for determining whether the person is motionless for a predetermined time period. Upon recognition that the observed behavior indicates the person is still sleeping, the wake-up signals are gradually increased. At the same time, the electrical power supplied to a plurality of electronic devices may be increased to assist the person to wake up.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for adjusting alarm clock signals, the method comprising the steps of: (a) tracking behavior of a person in a predetermined area under surveillance after the activation of an alarm clock; (b) determining whether the person is motionless within a first predetermined time period; and, (c) if motionless, gradually increasing the alarm clock signals of said alarm clock. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising the steps of: determining whether the person is motionless within a second predetermined time period; and, if motionless, gradually increasing the alarm clock signals of said alarm clock. 3. The method of claim 1, further comprising the step of gradually decreasing the alarm clock signals of said alarm clock if the person is not motionless. 4. The method of claim 1, further comprising the step of gradually increasing the electrical power supplied to a plurality of electronic devices electrically coupled to said alarm clock according to predetermined criteria if the person is motionless. 5. The method of claim 1, further comprising the step of gradually decreasing the electrical power supplied to a plurality of electronic devices electrically coupled to said alarm clock according to predetermined criteria if the person is not motionless. 6. The method of claim 1, further comprising the step of deactivating the alarm clock signals of said alarm clock if the person is not motionless. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein the behavior of the person is tracked with cameras. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein the behavior of the person is tracked with sensors. 9. A method for adjusting the wake-up signals of an alarm clock to assist in awaking a person, the method comprising the steps of: (a) setting a wake-up time in said alarm clock to activate the wake-up signals when the set time matches a current time; (b) determining whether the person is motionless for a first predetermined time period after the activation of said alarm clock; (c) if motionless, gradually increasing the wake-up signals of said alarm clock for a second predetermined time period; (d) monitoring behavior of the person for a third predetermined time period; and, (e) if motionless, gradually increasing the wake-up signals of said alarm clock for a fourth predetermined time period. 10. The method of claim 9, further comprising the step of gradually decreasing the wake-up signals of said alarm clock if the person is not motionless. 11. The method of claim 9, further comprising the step of gradually increasing the electrical power supplied to a plurality of electronic devices electrically coupled to said alarm clock according to predetermined criteria if the person is motionless. 12. The method of claim 9, further comprising the step of gradually decreasing the electrical power supplied to a plurality of electronic electrically coupled to said alarm clock according to predetermined criteria if the person is not motionless. 13. The method of claim 9, further comprising the step of deactivating said alarm clock if the person is not motionless. 14. The method of claim 9, wherein the wake-up signals include a beeping sound, radio music, light or any combination thereof. 15. An alarm clock system for adjusting wake-up signals comprising: a detecting means for observing the behavior of a person in a predetermined area under surveillance; an analyzing means for analyzing output data from said detection means to determine whether the person is motionless for a predetermined time period; a speaker coupled to said analyzing means for producing said wake-up signals; and, a control means for generating a control signal to gradually increase or decrease said wake-up signals based on whether the person is motionless. 16. The system of claim 15, further comprising an adjusting means for adjusting the electrical power supplied to a plurality of said devices electrically coupled to said control means. 17. The system of claim 15, wherein said alarm clock system includes a means for setting an alarm time. 18. The system of claim 15, further comprising a solar power source, a battery power source, or an AC power source. 19. The system of claim 15, wherein said observing means includes cameras. 20. The system of claim 15, wherein said observing means includes sensors. 21. The system of claim 15, wherein the wake-up signals includes a beeping sound, music, light or any combination of thereof. 