A solar powered radio transmission security camera for Cameraing and guarding environments includes energy capturing solar cells, an electric heating detector connecting to the solar cells, a microprocessor connecting to the electric heating detector, a camera audio and video device with ON and OFF controlled by the microprocessor and a wireless transmission. The electric heating detector detects and emits control signals to the microprocessor which adjusts the ON and OFF of the camera audio and video device through signals to reduce electric energy required by the camera audio and video device thereby to reduce the size of the energy capturing solar cells and shrink the total size of the solar powered radio transmission security camera
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar powered radio transmission security camera for monitoring and guarding environments comprising energy capturing solar cells, an electric heating detector connecting to the solar cells, a microprocessor connecting to the electric heating detector, a camera audio and video device with ON and OFF controlled by the microprocessor and a wireless transmission, wherein the electric heating detector detects and emits control signals to the microprocessor which adjusts the ON and OFF of the camera audio and video device thereby to reduce power consumption required by the camera audio and video device and to reduce the size of the energy capturing solar cells and shrink the total size of the solar powered radio transmission security camera. 2. The solar powered radio transmission security camera of claim 1, wherein the electric heating detector is a passive infrared detection system which includes a passive infrared sensor, a power supply circuit, a control logic circuit and an output driver circuit. 3. The solar powered radio transmission security camera of claim 2 further having a low pass filter, a pre-amp and active filter and a second-amp and active filter, and a window comparator circuit located between the passive infrared sensor and the control logic circuit. 4. The solar powered radio transmission security camera of claim 2, wherein the control logic circuit has a trigger timer. 5. The solar powered radio transmission security camera of claim 1, wherein the microprocessor includes a timer 31 to transmit on and off signal to activate or close the camera audio and video device. 6. The solar powered radio transmission security camera of claim 1 further has a battery to store the energy of the energy capturing solar cells. 7. The solar powered radio transmission security camera of claim 6, wherein the microprocessor generates a warning signal and automatically shortens the radio transmission time when the electric power of the battery is less than the power required by the power supply circuit. 8. The solar powered radio transmission security camera of claim 1 further having an alarm system. 9. The solar powered radio transmission security camera of claim 1 could further receiving signal from the second detection system for detecting trigger signal from intruders, smoke, doors opening, windows opening and fire. 10. The solar powered radio transmission security camera of claim 9, wherein the wireless receiver device receives the detected signal from the second detecting system and notifies the microprocessor to react immediately. 11. The solar powered radio transmission security camera of claim 1, wherein the energy capturing solar cells and the entire system is water-proof for installing outdoors and to be used for a desired time period. 12. The solar powered radio transmission security camera of claim 1, wherein the camera audio and video device includes a video camera, an image processing device and a transmission element. 13. The solar powered radio transmission security camera of claim 1, wherein the wireless transmission system includes a wireless transmission unit and a wireless receiving unit, the wireless transmission unit transmitting sound, images and driving signals to the wireless receiving unit which outputs the sound, images or driving signals. 14. The solar powered radio transmission security camera of claim 1, wherein the wireless transmission has a directionless antenna. 15. The solar powered radio transmission security camera of claim 1, wherein the wireless transmission stops radio wave during a standby state to prevent interfering other users. 16. The solar powered radio transmission security camera of claim 1 further having a remote control unit for monitoring a guarding area instantly. 