A method and system for controlling a solar collector is disclosed. A microprocessor receives inputs from one or more sensors in a solar collector and determines the state of the solar collector from the inputs. Commands are also received from an external source for controlling operation of the solar collector. The microprocessor executes instructions to complete the command based on the state of the solar collector.
Claims 1. A method for controlling a solar collector, comprising: receiving inputs from one or more sensors in and around the solar collector; determining the state of the solar collector from the inputs; receiving a command from an external source for controlling operation of the solar collector; and executing instructions to complete the command based on the state of the solar collector. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the commands are entered into a computer by a user. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein said receiving a command further comprises: deriving commands based on the sensor inputs. 4. The method of claim 1, further comprising: if the state of the solar collector is not a known state corresponding with the command; executing default instructions to place the solar collector in a default position. 5. The method of claim 1, further comprising: if the state of the solar collector is not a known state corresponding with the command, issuing an error message. 6. The method of claim 1, further comprising: shutting off system operations if one or more fault conditions are detected. 7. A system for controlling a solar collector, comprising: a solar collector system for converting solar energy into usable energy, wherein said solar collector system is connectable to an energy conversion device; a focusing device operatively connected to said solar collector system for focusing the solar energy; one or more sensors located on or around said solar collector system; one or more motor assemblies in communication with said solar collector system for positioning said solar collector system; a microprocessor configured for receiving inputs from said sensors, determining the state of the solar collector from the inputs, receiving a command from an external source, and executing instructions to complete the command based on the state of the solar collector; a power box in communication with said solar collector system and said computer system, wherein said power box comprises: a device for monitoring the power output of the solar collector system; a dish controller including inputs connectable to said sensors, an input connectable to said device for monitoring power output of the solar collector system; a communication cable for exchanging information between said dish controller and said computer system, and outputs; an output board in communication with said dish controller including outputs to said motor assemblies and outputs to said focusing device; one or more uninterruptible power supplies for powering controls to a device for storing the usable energy and said dish controller; and 8. The system of claim 7, wherein said sensors comprise at least one of a sun sensor and a horizontal reference sensor. 9. The system of claim 7, wherein the energy conversion device comprises a Stirling engine. 10. The system of claim 7, wherein the energy conversion device comprises a solid state device connectable to a battery. 11. The system of claim 7, wherein said power box includes a transformer. 12. The system of claim 7, wherein said microprocessor is a programmable logic controller ("PLC") on said dish controller. 13. The system of claim 7, wherein said power box includes a device for power surge protection. 14. The system of claim 7, wherein said power box includes an inverter device for inverting direct current electrical power to alternating current. 