The present invention provides a high current pulse generator for DC powered devices. The generator includes batteries as the power source that charges supercapacitors as well as provides power to the loads as required. During charging, the supercapacitors are connected in parallel, but they are switched to series connection by relays at the moment that the loads demand large currents. No other controlling means except for relays in the circuit is employed, so that the electric arrangement is simple, reliable, and cost-effective. As the batteries are designed to deliver currents at low discharge rates, the effective use-time of batteries is prolonged. Furthermore, due to the high power densities of supercapacitors, the readily available alkaline batteries can be utilized in the power unit for electric power tools.
Claims 1. A high current pulse generator as a power unit for DC powered devices consisting: a DC voltage source; a plurality of capacitors connected in parallel with each other and with said voltage source, for storing large static charges provided by said voltage source and for releasing said charges; a latch coupled to said capacitors, for initiating storing charges of said capacitors; a power output sensor coupled to said voltage source, for monitoring a power output of said voltage source; a switching element for switching said capacitors into series connection for releasing said charges to generate electric impulses of high current; and a trigger coupled to said switching element for initiating switching said capacitors. 2. The high current pulse generator in accordance with claim 1, wherein said voltage source is a primary battery. 3. The high current pulse generator in accordance with claim 2, wherein said primary battery is selected from the following group consisting of an alkaline battery and a metal-air battery. 4. The high current pulse generator in accordance with claim 1, wherein said voltage source is a secondary battery. 5. The high current pulse generator in accordance with claim 4, wherein said secondary battery is selected from the following group consisting of a nickel-metal hydride battery, a lithium ion battery, a lithium polymer battery, a lead-acid battery, a metal-air battery, and a nickel-cadmium battery. 6. The high current pulse generator in accordance with claim 1, wherein said voltage source is a renewable energy produced by using a resource selected from the following group consisting of hydrogen, hydrocarbons alcohol, solar radiation, wind, and hydraulic waves. 7. The high current pulse generator in accordance with claim 1, wherein said capacitor is selected from the following group consisting of a supercapacitor, an ultracapacitor, and an electric double layer capacitor. 8. The high current pulse generator in accordance with claim 7, wherein said capacitor has a working voltage of >/=2.5V, a capacitance of >/=1 F, and ESR </=100 m .OMEGA.. 9. The high current pulse generator in accordance with claim 1, wherein said power output sensor is a solenoid. 10. The high current pulse generator in accordance with claim 1, wherein said switching element is an electromagnetic relay. 