A device for converting solar radiation into electric power, constituted by a substantially vertically elongated body from which multiple supporting arms for one or more modules constituted by multiple photovoltaic cells protrude in an upward region. The body is hollow and contains an inverter suitable for the conversion of electric power.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A device for converting solar radiation into electric power, comprising: a substantially vertically elongated body; multiple supporting arms protruding from said elongated body and at least one flat panel supported on said arms at an upward region of said elongated body; and a plurality of photovoltaic cells distributed into said at least one flat panel. 2. The device of claim 1, further comprising conversion means for converting electric power, said elongated body being hollow and made so as to contain said conversion means. 3. The device of claim 1, wherein said arms are arranged so as to protrude substantially radially proximate to an upper end of said body. 4. The device of claim 3, having a supporting and resting frame for supporting said photovoltaic cells distributed into said at least one flat panel and four said arms, which protrude radially and upward from the upper end of said body, so as to support said frame. 5. The device of claim 4, wherein said frame is rectangular and is made of supporting elements selected from structural and tubular elements that are fixed and arranged so as to constitute a support for said at least one panel. 6. The device of claim 5, further comprising any of brackets and supports which provide connection between said at least one panel and said frame, and are arranged transversely to said frame so as to allow to orientate said at least one panel at a selected angle with respect to a horizontal plane. 7. The device of claim 6, comprising at least two said panels with photovoltaic cells distributed thereon which have identical dimensions and are arranged on said frame so as to lie on mutually parallel and equidistant planes that are inclined with respect to a horizontal plane. 8. The device of claim 7, further comprising electrical cables, which are arranged on a path provided in any of a location inside and outside said body and inside and outside at least one of said arms, for transmitting generated electric current to said conversion means. 9. The device of claim 8, wherein said conversion means comprise at least one device for converting direct current into alternating current, commonly known as inverter. 10. The device of claim 9, comprising a seat provided so as to be inspectionable from outside, which is formed at a lower end of said elongated body, said conversion element being accommodated in said seat. 11. The device of claim 10, further comprising connection means, located at said lower end of said elongated body for providing electrical connection to the ground, provided as a base, made of metallic material, that is coupled with a flat and rigid lower surface. 12. The device of claim 11, wherein said substantially vertically elongated body has a height of at least two meters. 13. The device of claim 12, wherein said elongated body is constituted by any of a longitudinally elongated shaft, a column and a pillar, arranged vertically. 14. The device of claim 11, further comprising electrical coupling means provided at the lower end of said elongated body for connection to the mains and to user devices. 