The invention relates to a travel way support, particularly for a magnetically levitated train (100), for constructing a travel way through a number of supports (2) successively arranged in the direction of travel. Said travel way support comprises an upper support section (12), particularly an upper flange (12) and at least one bracing section (13, 14), in particular, a web (13, 14), which is arranged underneath the upper support section (12). Solar cells (7, 8) and/or solar collectors are arranged in the area of the upper support section (12) and/or of the at least one bracing section (13, 14).
Claims 1. Travel way support, particularly for a magnetically levitated train (100), for constructing a travel way through a number of supports (2) successively arranged in the direction of travel with an upper support section (12), particularly an upper flange (12) and at least one bracing section (13, 14), in particular a web (13, 14) which is arranged underneath the upper support section (12), characterized by solar cells (7, 8) and/or solar collectors arranged in the area of the upper support section (12) and/or of the at least one bracing section (13, 14). 2. Travel way support as in claim 1, characterized by a configuration that is hollow in its cross-section, whereby the hollow space (16) is delimited at the top by the upper support section, at either side by a bracing section (13, 14) and at the bottom by a lower support section (15). 3. Travel way support as in claim 1 or 2, characterized by installation on one or more pillars (5) imbedded in the ground. 4. Travel way support as in one of the preceding claims, characterized in that the faces of the bracing section (13, 14) across from each other and belonging to two supports (2) following each other are essentially connected to each other. 5. Travel way support as in one of the preceding claims, characterized in that the solar cells (7, 8) and/or solar collectors are installed on at least one of the surfaces facing out of the at least one bracing section (13, 14) and/or of the upper support section (12). 6. Travel way support as in one of the preceding claims, characterized in that several fields of solar cells (7, 8) and/or solar collectors are arranged next to each other in the direction of the travel way. 7. Travel way support as in one of the preceding claims, characterized by a configuration as a bivalent travel way, e.g. for magnetically levitated trains as well as for conventional trains. 8. Travel way support, in particular as in one of the preceding claims, characterized in that the surfaces and/or masses of the support (2) exposed to the rays of the sun are similar on the first flange (12) and on the second flange (15) to receive a low temperature gradient. 9. Travel way support as in one of the preceding claims, characterized in that at least portions of the outside of the support (2) have a heat absorbing and/or heat reflecting surface. 10. Travel way support as in one of the preceding claims, characterized in that at least portions of the outside of the support (2) are provided with a coat of paint. 11. Travel way support as in one of the preceding claims, characterized in that at least portions of the outside of the support (2) are provided with shading elements. 12. Travel way support, in particular as in one of the preceding claims, characterized in that means for heat compensation, in particular for heat exchange are provided between the first flange (12) and the second flange (15). 13. Travel way support as in one of the preceding claims, characterized in that the means for heat compensation (21) are circuits (21) with heat-carrying liquid, in particular oil. 14. Travel way support as in one of the preceding claims, characterized in that the means for heat compensation are cooling and/or heating elements. 15. Travel way support as in one of the preceding claims, characterized in that a prestressing steel element (19) is provided without connection in the outer area of the flanges (12; 15). 16. Travel way support as in one of the preceding claims, characterized in that prestressing elements are provided in central position between the bracing section (13, 14). 17. Travel way support as in one of the preceding claims, characterized in that the centered prestressing elements are thermally insulated. 18. Travel way support as in one of the preceding claims, characterized in that the support (2) can be deformed in particular through one-sided heating of the relevant prestressing element by means of presses controlled in function of temperature. 19. Travel way support as in one of the preceding claims, characterized in that the presses are connected with corresponding solar cells and/or solar collectors. 20. Utilization of solar cells and/or solar collectors for attachment in the area of travel way support installed above ground or that can be installed above ground with an upper support section (12) and at least one bracing section (13, 14), in particular a travel way support (20 as in one of the preceding claims. 21. Utilization of solar cells and/or solar collectors as in one of the preceding claims, characterized in that free surfaces of the at least one bracing section (13, 14) and/or of the upper support section are covered with them. 22. Utilization of solar cells as in one of the preceding claims, characterized in that the current produced by the solar cells is used for illuminated advertising, to supply monitoring systems, to supply measuring devices and/or to regulate the temperature of the support material. 