A method and apparatus for producing energy is provided for generating renewable energy. Captive compressed fluid cycles between two coupled containers through a motive power source. The captive compressed fluid flows between the containers in response to a difference in the pressure of the compressed fluid within the first container compared to the pressure of the compressed fluid within the second container. This pressure differential develops as the compressed fluid within the first container experiences a temperature change of a differing percentage magnitude or direction than the compressed fluid within the second container over the same period of time. The differing percentage temperature fluctuations result as the containers are provided dissimilar exposure to natural renewable or man-made energy sources or are insulated therefrom. A continuous supply of additional compressed fluid is not required, nor is fluid routinely vented to the atmosphere.
Claims What the invention claimed is: 1. Apparatus for generating energy comprising: first and second containers to contain fluid under pressure at first and second temperatures, respectively; a first motive power source coupled with said first and second containers to perform work in response to a flow of said fluid between said containers urged by a difference in the pressure of said fluid within said first container compared to the pressure of said fluid within said second container induced by a change in said first temperature of a different percentage than a change, if any, in said second temperature. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a valve within the flow path between said first and second containers to control said flow of said fluid between said first and second containers. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, further comprising: a first pressure gauge for monitoring the pressure of said fluid within said first container; and a second pressure gauge for monitoring the pressure of said fluid within said second container. 4. The apparatus of claim 3, further comprising a controller logically coupled with: (1) said first pressure gauge, (2) said second pressure gauge, and with (3) said valve and adapted to control a cycling of fluid exchanges between said first and second containers. 5. The apparatus of claim 3, further comprising: a first temperature gauge for monitoring the temperature of said fluid within said first container; a first pressure relief valve for pressure-limit venting of said first container; a second temperature gauge for monitoring the temperature of said fluid within said second container; and a second pressure relief valve for pressure-limit venting of said second container. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said first container is subjected to a first environment for bringing said fluid in said first container to a first pressure. 7. The apparatus of claim 6, wherein said first environment comprises an area which receives energy that warms said fluid in said first container. 8. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein said area which receives energy that warms said fluid in said first container further comprises a solar oven. 9. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein said solar oven is comprised of a glass enclosure. 10. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein said glass enclosure is comprised of an array of rotatable heat-confining panels. 11. The apparatus of claim 8, further comprising a solar oven prime mover for removal and replacement of said solar oven. 12. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein said first environment further comprises a heating source. 13. The apparatus of claim 6, wherein said second container is subjected to a second environment for bringing said fluid in said second container to a second pressure. 14. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein is included a first removable layer of exterior insulation at least partially surrounding said second container. 15. The apparatus of claim 13, wherein said second environment further comprises a cooling source. 16. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said first container further comprises an exterior heat-conducting skin. 17. The apparatus of claim 16, wherein said exterior heat-conducting skin comprises an exterior copper skin. 18. The apparatus of claim 16, wherein said second container further comprises an exterior heat-conducting skin. 19. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said second container has a volume at least 1.5 times that of said first container. 20. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising an energy storage apparatus coupled with said first motive power source. 21. The apparatus of claim 20, wherein said energy storage apparatus comprises: a generator coupled to said first motive power source; and a battery coupled to said generator. 22. The apparatus of claim 20, wherein said energy storage apparatus comprises: a third container; a compressor coupled with said first motive power source and with said third container and adapted to compress ambient-sourced air into said third container in response to said first motive power source; and a second motive power source coupled to said third container to produce energy in response to a decompression of said third container. 23. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said first motive power source comprises a turbine. 24. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein is included a second removable layer of insulation at least partially surrounding said first container. 25. The apparatus of claim 24, wherein is included a third removable layer of insulation at least partially surrounding said second container. 26. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein is included a structural support for said first and second containers and a prime mover for alternating said containers between first and second environments. 27. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising an input valve to allow for an injection of said fluid into said first container. 28. A method for generating energy, comprising; providing a first supply of contained fluid under pressure at a first temperature; providing a second supply of contained fluid under pressure at a second temperature; generating energy as fluid flows within a flow-path between said first and second supplies in response to a difference in the pressure of said first supply compared to the pressure of said second supply induced by a change in said first temperature of a different percentage than a change, if any, in said second temperature. 29. The method of claim 28 wherein said step of generating energy includes providing a first motive power source within said flow-path to respond to said fluid flow. 30. The method of claim 29, wherein providing a first motive power source comprises providing a turbine. 31. The method of claim 28, further comprising the step of subjecting said first supply of fluid to a first environment for bringing said first supply to a first pressure. 32. The method of claim 31, wherein said step of subjecting said first supply of fluid to said first environment comprises subjecting said first supply to an energy source that warms said first supply. 33. The method of claim 31, wherein said step of subjecting said first supply of fluid to said first environment includes enhancing the effect of said first environment by concentrating the energy from said first environment on said first supply. 34. The method of claim 31, further comprising the step of subjecting said second supply of fluid to a second environment for bringing said second supply to a second pressure. 35. The method of claim 34, wherein subjecting said second supply to said second environment comprises subjecting said second supply to a cooling source. 36. The method of claim 34, wherein said step of subjecting said second supply of fluid to said second environment includes providing a source of removable insulation at least partially surrounding said second supply of fluid. 37. The method of claim 28, wherein is included the steps of providing a structural support for interchangeably supporting said first and second supplies; providing a prime mover for alternating said supplies between first and second environments; and moving said supplies between said first and second environments whereby the frequency of fluid exchanges is increased. 38. The method of claim 28, further comprising the step of coupling an energy storage apparatus to said first motive power source. 39. The apparatus of claim 38, wherein said step of coupling an energy storage apparatus comprises: coupling a generator to said first motive power source; and coupling a battery to said generator. 40. The method of claim 38, wherein said step of coupling an energy storage apparatus comprises: providing a supply of air; coupling a compressor with said first motive power source and with said supply of air; and coupling a second motive power source with said supply of air; whereby said compressor provides compressed air into said supply of air in response to said first motive power source and said second motive power source generates energy in response to a decompression of said supply of air. 41. The method of claim 28, further comprising the step of providing a valve within the flow path between said first and second supplies to control the flow of fluid between said first and second supplies. 42. The method of claim 41, further comprising the steps of: providing a first pressure gauge for monitoring the pressure of said first supply; and providing a second pressure gauge for monitoring the pressure of said second supply. 43. The method of claim 42, further comprising the step of coupling a controller for controlling a cycling of fluid between said first and second supplies with (1) said first pressure gauge, (2) said second pressure gauge, and with (3) said valve. 44. The method of claim 42, further comprising the steps of: providing a first temperature gauge for monitoring the temperature of said first supply; and providing a second temperature gauge for monitoring the temperature of said second supply. 45. The method of claim 28, further comprising the step of providing a source of removable insulation at least partially surrounding said first supply of fluid. 46. The method of claim 45, further comprising the step of providing a source of removable insulation at least partially surrounding said second supply of fluid. 47. The method of claim 28, further comprising the step of providing an input valve to allow for an injection of said fluid into said first container. 48. An energy generating device, comprising; means for containing a first supply of fluid under pressure at a first temperature; means for containing a second supply of fluid under pressure at a second temperature; and means for generating energy in response to a flow of fluid between said first and second fluid-containing means urged by a difference in the pressure of said first supply compared to the pressure of said second supply induced by a change in said first temperature of a different percentage than a change, if any, in said second temperature. 