A flexible photovoltaic cell integrated onto an active card, such as a greeting card or "smart" card, may be fabricated separately and then integrated with additional electronics on the active card. Alternatively, the photovoltaic cell may be fabricated on the active card itself, constituting, if desired, part or all of its surface design.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A card comprising: an information module on the card for providing information to a user; and a flexible photovoltaic module also on the card for converting light into electricity, the photovoltaic module powering the information module. 2. The card of claim 1, wherein the card is a greeting card. 3. The card of claim 1, wherein the card is a smart card. 4. The card of claim 1, wherein the information module comprises an audio unit for playing a prerecorded message. 5. The card of claim 2, wherein the audio unit comprises recording elements for recording a message for later playback. 6. The card of claim 1, wherein the information module is flexible and both the information module and the photovoltaic module are mounted to a single surface on the card. 7. The card of claim 1, wherein the information module is flexible and the information module and the photovoltaic module are mounted to different surfaces on the card. 8. The card of claim 1, wherein the information module comprises digital communication elements for downloading digital information from an external source. 9. The card of claim 8, wherein the digital information includes audio information. 10. The card of claim 9, wherein the audio information includes music. 11. The card of claim 8, wherein the information module includes a display element and the digital information includes display information. 12. The card of claim 11, wherein the display information includes text. 13. The card of claim 11, wherein the display information includes graphical images. 14. The card of claim 13, wherein the graphical images include color images. 15. The card of claim 11, wherein the display information includes photographic information. 16. The card of claim 11, wherein the display information includes handwritten characters. 17. The card of claim 11, wherein the display information includes video information. 18. The card of claim 11, wherein the display element comprises a polymer-dispersed liquid crystal display. 19. The card of claim 1 further comprising a power source operably coupled to the photovoltaic module and the information module, wherein the photovoltaic module charges the power source and the power source energizes the information module. 20. The card of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic module includes (i) at least one photovoltaic cell having a photosensitized interconnected nanoparticle material and an electrolyte redox system, and (ii) first and second flexible, significantly light transmitting substrates between which the photosensitized interconnected nanoparticle material and the electrolyte redox system are disposed. 21. The card of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic module includes at least one photovoltaic cell having a photosensitized nanomatrix layer and a charge carrier medium. 22. The card of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic module includes at least one photovoltaic cell having a spectral response profile overlapping a spectral output profile of indoor ambient fluorescent lighting. 23. The card of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic module includes at least one photovoltaic cell having a spectral response profile overlapping a spectral output profile of indoor ambient incandescent lighting. 24. The card of claim 1, wherein the information module includes a display element, and the card further comprises a storage element for storing data that determines the appearance of the display element. 25. The card of claim 1, wherein the information module includes a display element, and further comprising a global positioning system powered by electricity generated by the photovoltaic module for providing positional information to the display element. 26. The card of claim 1, wherein the card, exclusive of the information module and the photovoltaic module, has a thickness of less than about 500 micrometers. 27. The card of claim 1, wherein the card, exclusive of the information module and the photovoltaic module, is formed from paper. 28. The card of claim 1, wherein the card, exclusive of the information module and the photovoltaic module, is formed from plastic. 29. The card of claim 1, wherein the card, exclusive of the information module and the photovoltaic module, is formed from a laminated material. 30. The card of claim 1, wherein the card is flexible. 31. A method of forming a display on a card, the method comprising the steps of: providing a card; mounting on the card an information module that provides information to a user; and mounting on the card a flexible photovoltaic module coupled to the information module, the photovoltaic module converting light into electricity for the information module. 32. The method of claim 31, wherein the card is a greeting card. 33. The method of claim 31, wherein the card is a smart card. 34. The method of claim 31, wherein the information module comprises an audio unit for playing a prerecorded message. 35. The method of claim 32, wherein the audio unit comprises recording elements for recording a message for later playback. 36. The method of claim 31, wherein the information module is flexible and both the information module and the photovoltaic module are mounted to a single surface on the card. 37. The method of claim 31, wherein the information module is flexible and the information module and the photovoltaic module are mounted to different surfaces on the card. 38. The method of claim 31, wherein the information module comprises digital communication elements for downloading digital information from an external source. 39. The method of claim 38, wherein the digital information includes audio information. 40. The method of claim 39, wherein the audio information includes music. 41. The method of claim 38, wherein the information module includes a display element and the digital information includes display information. 42. The method of claim 41, wherein the display information includes text. 43. The method of claim 41, wherein the display information includes graphical images. 44. The method of claim 43, wherein the graphical images include color images. 45. The method of claim 41, wherein the display information includes photographic information. 46. The method of claim 41, wherein the display information includes hand-written characters. 47. The method of claim 41, wherein the display information includes video information. 48. The method of claim 41, wherein the display element comprises a polymer-dispersed liquid crystal display. 49. The method of claim 31 further comprising operably coupling a power source to the photovoltaic module and the information module, wherein the photovoltaic module charges the power source and the power source energizes the information module. 50. The method of claim 31, wherein the photovoltaic module includes (i) at least one photovoltaic cell having a photosensitized interconnected nanoparticle material and an electrolyte redox system, and (ii) first and second flexible, significantly light transmitting substrates between which the photosensitized interconnected nanoparticle material and the electrolyte redox system are disposed. 51. The method of claim 31, wherein the photovoltaic module includes at least one photovoltaic cell having a photosensitized nanomatrix layer and a charge carrier medium. 52. The method of claim 31, wherein the photovoltaic module includes at least one photovoltaic cell having a spectral response profile overlapping a spectral output profile of indoor ambient fluorescent lighting. 53. The method of claim 31, wherein the photovoltaic module includes at least one photovoltaic cell having a spectral response profile overlapping a spectral output profile of indoor ambient incandescent lighting. 54. The method of claim 31, wherein the information module includes a display element, and the card further comprises a storage element for storing data that determines the appearance of the display element. 55. The method of claim 31, wherein the information module includes a display element, and further comprising a global positioning system powered by electricity generated by the photovoltaic module for providing positional information to the display element. 56. The method of claim 31, wherein the card, exclusive of the information module and the photovoltaic module, has a thickness of less than about 500 micrometers. 57. The method of claim 31, wherein the card, exclusive of the information module and the photovoltaic module, is formed from paper. 58. The method of claim 31, wherein the card, exclusive of the information module and the photovoltaic module, is formed from plastic. 59. The method of claim 31, wherein the card, exclusive of the information module and the photovoltaic module, is formed from a laminated material. 60. The method of claim 31, wherein the card is flexible. 