An airship has a generally spherical shape and has an internal envelope for containing a lifting gas such as Helium or Hydrogen. The airship has a propulsion and control system that permits it to be flown to a desired loitering location, and to be maintained in that location for a period of time. In one embodiment the airship may achieve neutral buoyancy when the internal envelope is as little as 7% fall of lifting gas, and may have a service ceiling of about 60,000 ft. The airship has an equipment module that can include either communications equipment, or monitoring equipment, or both. The airship can be remotely controlled from a ground station. The airship has a solar cell array and electric motors of the propulsion and control system are driven by power obtained from the array. The airship also has an auxiliary power unit that can be used to drive the electric motors. The airship can have a pusher propeller that assists in driving the airship and also moves the point of flow separation of the spherical airship further aft. In one embodiment the airship can be refuelled at altitude to permit extended loitering.
Claims I claim: 1. A substantially spherical aircraft, said aircraft having buoyancy apparatus operable to maintain said aircraft aloft, propulsion and directional apparatus co-operable conduct said aircraft; and at least one boundary layer separation suppression element operable to encourage said aircraft to proceed as conducted. 2. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 1 wherein said aircraft has a leading portion and a trailing portion, and said boundary layer separation suppression element includes a pump element mounted to create a zone of lowered fluid pressure adjacent to said trailing portion of said aircraft. 3. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 1 wherein said aircraft has a leading portion and a trailing portion, and said boundary layer separation suppression element includes a pusher propeller mounted aft of said trailing portion of said aircraft. 4. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 1 wherein said aircraft has a leading portion and a trailing portion, and said boundary layer separation suppression element includes roughening mounted to said leading portion of said aircraft. 5. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 1 wherein said propulsion apparatus includes a pusher propeller. 6. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 5 wherein said aircraft has a main diametral dimension, D1, and said propeller has a diameter D2, where D2 lies in the range of 10% to 25% of D1. 7. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 5 wherein said pusher propeller operates between 0 and 250 r.p.m. 8. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 5 wherein said pusher propeller has a tip speed of less than 500 ft/s. 9. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 5 wherein said pusher propeller is driven by an electric motor. 10. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 9 further including an internal combustion engine and an electric generator driven thereby. 11. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 1 wherein said aircraft has a fuel replenishment system, said fuel replenishment system being operable while said aircraft is aloft. 12. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 1 wherein at least one of said propulsion and directional apparatus includes an internal combustion engine and a fuel replenishment system, said fuel replenishment system being operable while said aircraft is aloft. 13. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 1 wherein said aircraft has solar cell panels. 14. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 1 wherein said aircraft includes an electro magnetic interface member chosen from the set of electromagnetic interface members capable of performing at least one of (a) receiving an electromagnetic wave form; (b) sending an electromagnetic wave form; (c) relaying an electromagnetic wave form; and (c) reflecting an electromagnetic wave form. 15. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 1 wherein said aircraft includes communications equipment operable to perform at least one of (a) receiving communications signals (b) sending communications signals; (c) relaying communications signals; and (d) reflecting communications signals. 16. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 1 wherein said aircraft includes surveillance equipment. 17. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 16 wherein said surveillance equipment is chosen from the set of surveillance equipment consisting of at least one of (a) communications monitoring equipment; (b) thermal imaging equipment; (c) photographic equipment; and (d) radar. 18. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 1 wherein said aircraft has a cowling, and said cowling is substantially transparent to at least radio frequency electromagnetic waves. 19. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 18 wherein said aircraft has, mounted within said cowling, at least one of: (A) communications equipment operable to perform at least one of (a) receiving communications signals (b) sending communications signals; (c) relaying communications signals; and (d) reflecting communications signals; and (B) surveillance equipment chosen from the set of surveillance equipment consisting of at least one of (a) communications monitoring equipment; (b) thermal imaging equipment; (c) photographic equipment; and (d) radar. 20. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 18 wherein said cowling is internally pressurised relative to ambient conditions external to said aircraft. 21. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 1 wherein said aircraft is remotely controlled. 22. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 1 wherein said buoyancy apparatus includes an envelope mounted within said aircraft, and said envelope contains a buoyant lifting fluid. 23. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 22 wherein said lifting fluid is helium. 24. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 22 wherein said lifting fluid is hydrogen. 25. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 22 wherein said substantially spherical aircraft has a weight and an internal volume, said envelope is variably inflatable to occupy a variable portion of said internal volume; and under ambient conditions at sea level on a 59 F. day, when said envelope is inflated to as little as 70% of said internal volume, said envelope provides a buoyant force at least as great as said weight. 26. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 25 wherein under ambient conditions at sea level on a 59 F. day, when said envelope is inflated to as little as 50% of said internal volume, said envelope provides a buoyant force at least as great as said weight. 27. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 25 wherein under ambient conditions at sea level on a 59 F. day, when said envelope is inflated to as little as 25% of said internal volume, said envelope provides a buoyant force at least as great as said weight. 28. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 25 wherein under ambient conditions at sea level on a 59 F. day, when said envelope is inflated to as little as 10% of said internal volume, said envelope provides a buoyant force at least as great as said weight. 29. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 25 wherein under ambient conditions at sea level on a 59 F. day, when said envelope is inflated to as little as 7.5% of said internal volume, said envelope provides a buoyant force at least as great as said weight. 30. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 25 wherein said aircraft has a service ceiling of greater than 10,000 ft. 31. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 25 wherein said aircraft has a service ceiling of greater than 18,000 ft. 32. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 25 wherein said aircraft has a service ceiling of greater than 40,000 ft. 33. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 25 wherein said aircraft has a service ceiling of greater than 60,000 ft. 34. A substantially spherical aircraft, said aircraft having buoyancy apparatus operable to maintain said aircraft aloft, propulsion and directional apparatus co-operable conduct said aircraft; and a fuel replenishment system connected to said propulsion and directional apparatus, said fuel replenishment system being operable while said aircraft is aloft. 35. A substantially spherical aircraft, said aircraft having buoyancy apparatus operable to maintain said aircraft aloft, propulsion and directional apparatus co-operable conduct said aircraft; and said aircraft has at least one of: (A) communications equipment operable to perform at least one of (a) receiving communications signals (b) sending communications signals; (c) relaying communications signals; and (d) reflecting communications signals; and (B) surveillance equipment chosen from the set of surveillance equipment consisting of at least one of (a) communications monitoring equipment; (b) thermal imaging equipment; (c) photographic equipment; and (d) radar. 36. A substantially spherical aircraft, said substantially spherical aircraft has a weight and an internal volume, said aircraft having buoyancy apparatus operable to maintain said aircraft aloft, propulsion and directional apparatus co-operable conduct said aircraft; said buoyancy apparatus includes an envelope mounted within said aircraft, and said envelope contains a buoyant lifting fluid; and said envelope is variably inflatable to occupy a variable portion of said internal volume; and under ambient conditions at sea level on a 59 F. day, when said envelope is inflated to as little as 70% of said internal volume, said envelope provides a buoyant force at least as great as said weight. 37. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 36 wherein said lifting fluid is hydrogen. 38. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 36 wherein under ambient conditions at sea level on a 59 F. day, when said envelope is inflated to as little as 50% of said internal volume, said envelope provides a buoyant force at least as great as said weight. 39. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 36 wherein under ambient conditions at sea level on a 59 F. day, when said envelope is inflated to as little as 10% of said internal volume, said envelope provides a buoyant force at least as great as said weight. 40. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 36 wherein said aircraft has a service ceiling of greater than 10,000 ft. 41. The substantially spherical aircraft of claim 36 wherein said aircraft has a service ceiling of greater than 40,000 ft. 42. A method for operating a buoyant aircraft, said method comprising the steps of: providing an aircraft having an internal volume, and a weight, said aircraft including an inflatable envelope housed within said internal volume, and said aircraft having a propulsion system and a directional control system; inflating said envelope with a lifting fluid to a first volume sufficient to at least balance said weight, said first volume, at sea level, being less than 70% of said internal volume; operating said propulsion and directional control systems to a location greater than 10,000 ft above sea level. 43. The method of claim 42 wherein said method includes the step of maintaining said aircraft in a loitering location. 44. The method of claim 42 wherein said method includes the steps of maintaining said aircraft aloft in a loitering position and refuelling said aircraft while maintaining it in said loitering position. 45. The method of claim 43 wherein said step of loitering maintaining said aircraft in said loitering position includes the step of maintaining lateral and longitudinal position variation relative to a deviation radius of 1000 M. 46. The method of claim 45 including maintaining said aircraft at an altitude of at least 15,000 ft. 47. The method of claim 42 and further including at least one of the steps chosen from the set of steps consisting of: (A) operating as a communications platform to do at least one of (a) receiving communications signals (b) sending communications signals; (c) relaying communications signals; and (d) reflecting communications signals; and (B) operating as a surveillance platform to (a) monitor communications; (b) produce thermal imaging; (c) take photographs; and (d) to operate a radar. 48. The method of claim 42 including the step of controlling operation of said buoyant aircraft from a remote location. 