A sensor device and method of employment is provided. More specifically, a sensor device adapted to detect, identify and/or measure a chemical and/or physical characteristic upon placement of the device into an environment, especially a liquid medium for which monitoring is sought is provided.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A self-contained, wireless sensor device comprising a sensor component comprising a sensor element capable of continuously detecting, identifying and/or measuring a chemical and/or physical characteristic of a surrounding environment as the surrounding environment freely contacts the sensor element during the time period the sensor element is activated within the surrounding environment. 2. The sensor device according to claim 1 wherein the sensor device further comprises a data storage component, wherein the data storage component is in communication with the sensor element such that the chemical and/or physical characteristic detected, identified and/or measured by the sensor element is retrievably stored in the data storage component. 3. The sensor device according to claim 2 wherein the sensor device further comprises a stored data exchanger component capable of retrieving the stored chemical and/or physical characteristic from the data storage component and forwarding the characteristic to an external data collector. 4. The sensor device according to claim 3 wherein the stored data exchanger component is capable of receiving data from an external data source to the sensor device. 5. The sensor device according to claim 1 wherein the sensor device further comprises a communication component capable of communicating the chemical and/or physical characteristic detected, identified and/or measured by the sensor to an external data collector. 6. The sensor device according to claim 5 wherein the communication component is capable of receiving data from a data source external to the sensor device. 7. The sensor device according to claim 1 wherein the sensor device comprises a housing that houses the sensor. 8. The sensor device according to claim 1 wherein the sensor element is selected from the group consisting of pH sensors, conductivity sensors, temperature sensors, turbidity sensors, liquid medium ingredient concentrations, IR sensors, metal oxide sensors, water hardness sensors, viscosity sensors, mineral sensors, TOC sensors, BOD sensors, chlorine sensors, pressure sensors, biological activity sensors, UV/VIS absorption sensors, ion content sensors, bleach sensors, oxygen sensors, radiation sensors, density sensors and mixtures thereof. 9. The sensor device according to claim 8 wherein the sensor device further comprises a sensor element selected from the group consisting of: acceleration sensors, velocity sensors, vibration sensors, agitation sensors, strain sensors and mixtures thereof. 10. The sensor device according to claim 1 wherein the sensor device comprises a power source selected from the group consisting of: a battery, solar power device and mixtures thereof. 11. The sensor device according to claim 1 wherein the surrounding environment comprises a liquid medium. 12. The sensor device according to claim 11 wherein the sensor device is density matched to the liquid medium. 13. A method for detecting, identifying and/or measuring a chemical and/or physical characteristic of a surrounding environment comprising: a. providing a sensor device according to claim 1; b. placing the sensor device in the surrounding environment; and c. activating the sensor element of the sensor device such that the sensor element detects, identifies and/or measures the chemical and/or physical characteristic of the surrounding environment. 14. A method for collecting a chemical and/or physical characteristic of a surrounding environment comprising: a. providing a sensor device according to claim 1; b. placing the sensor device in the surrounding environment; c. activating the sensor element of the sensor device such that the sensor element detects, identifies and/or measures the chemical and/or physical characteristic of the surrounding environment; and d. storing the chemical and/or physical characteristic in the sensor device; and d. optionally, communicating the stored chemical and/or physical characteristic to an external data collector. 15. A method for formulating a product, wherein the method comprises: a. providing a sensor device according to claim 1; b. placing the sensor device in a surrounding environment, such that sensor element of the sensor device detects, identifies and/or measures a chemical and/or physical characteristic of the surrounding environment during the time period the sensor is activated; and c. considering the detected, identified and/or measured chemical and/or physical characteristic to formulate the product. 16. A method for identifying a desired result in a liquid medium, wherein the method comprises: a. providing a sensor device according to claim 1; b. placing the sensor device in a liquid medium, such that sensor element of the sensor device detects, identifies and/or measures a chemical and/or physical characteristic of the liquid medium during the time period the sensor is activated; and c. considering the detected, identified and/or measured chemical and/or physical characteristic to determine any action that is needed to be taken upon the liquid medium to achieve the desired result; and d. optionally, taking the action determined in c. 17. An article of manufacture comprising: a. a sensor device according to claim 1; and b. instructions for using the sensor device for detecting, identifying and/or measuring a chemical and/or physical characteristic of a surrounding environment. 18. A method of monitoring an environment, comprising the steps of: a. remitting a sensor device according to claim 1 to a surrounding environment for which monitoring is sought; b. activating the sensor device such that the sensor elements of the sensor device measure and/or detect and/or identify a chemical and/or physical characteristic of the surrounding environment; c. recovering the sensor device; and d. examining the recorded characteristic values of the surrounding environment; and e. optionally, making a business and/or commercial and/or technical and/or marketing decision based upon the examination. 19. A method for doing consumer research relating to cleaning processes in automatic washing machines for laundry and/or dishware, the method comprising: a. providing a sensor device according to claim 1 to a consumer; b. placing the sensor device into the consumer's automatic washing machine; c. operating the automatic washing machine such that the sensor device measures and/or detects and/or identifies a chemical and/or physical characteristic during the operation of the automatic washing machine; d. recovering the sensor device from the automatic washing machine; and e. optionally, analyzing the chemical and/or physical characteristic acquired by the sensor device. 