A system (100), method and media for an entity centric computer that develops, entity knowledge before analyzing, applying, distributing, maintaining, replicating and/or synchronizing said knowledge as required and/or requested.
Claims 1. An entity centric computer system, comprising: an entity data aggregation subsystem, an entity context development subsystem, a context-based data and information storage subsystem, and a context distribution subsystem. 2. The system of claim 1 that further comprises tools for applying all or part of entity context to support useful activities from the group consisting of completing actions, improving entity performance, managing entity performance, responding to events, supporting entity performance and combinations thereof. 3. The system of claim 1 where the entity is from a group of domains consisting of political, habitat, intangibles, interpersonal, market, organization, biology, cellular, organism, protein, chemistry, geology, physics, space, tangible goods, water, weather and combinations thereof. 4. The system of claim 1 where an entity is a separate entity, a collaboration between two or more entities or a multi-entity system. 5. The system of claim 1 where entities are members of one or more groups from the group consisting of voter, precinct, caucus, city, county, state/province, regional, national, multi-national, global, household, neighborhood, community, city, region, brand, expectations, ideas, ideology, knowledge, law, money, right, relationship, service, individual, nuclear family, extended family, clan, ethnic group, organization, multi-organization, industry, market, economy, team, group, department, division, company, organization species, genus, family, order, class, phylum, kingdom, macromolecular complexes, protein, rna, dna, x-ylation, organelles, cells, structures, organs, organic systems, organism, monomer, dimer, large oligomer, aggregate, particle, molecules, compounds, chemicals, catalysts, minerals, sediment, rock, landform, plate, continent, planet, quark, particle zoo, protons, neutrons, electrons, atoms, molecules, dark matter, asteroids, comets, planets, stars, solar system, galaxy, universe, compounds, minerals, components, subassemblies, assemblies, subsystems, goods, systems pond, lake, bay, sea, ocean, creek, stream, river, current, atmosphere, clouds, lightning, precipitation, storm, wind and combinations thereof. 6. The entity data aggregation subsystem of claim 1 where the aggregated data is in compliance with a common schema, in compliance with a common ontology, converted to a common schema, converted to a common ontology or a combination thereof. 7. The entity data aggregation subsystem of claim 1 where the data is aggregated from the group of consisting of organization systems, personal systems, bio medical systems, scientific systems, devices and combinations thereof. 8. The tools of claim 2 that support the completion of useful activities selected from the group consisting of analyzing the impact of user specified changes on entity function measure performance, capturing entity related knowledge from one or more subject matter experts, collaborating with others to refine entity knowledge, customizing any combination of products, services and information for the entity, developing programs for entity related devices, developing programs for bots to support entity performance, developing new entity related software programs, developing an entity ontology, displaying knowledge about entity performance, educating users, managers and collaborators about the entity in an interactive manner, establishing priorities for entity actions and commitments, establishing expected performance levels for the entity, exchanging any combination of resources, elements, commitments, data and information with one or more other entities in an automated fashion, forecasting future values of entity related variables, identifying metrics and rules for monitoring entity performance, identifying changes that will optimize entity performance on one or more function measures, identifying the valid context space for entity analyses, identifying the data and information that is most relevant to the entity, identifying entity preferences, loading the data and information that is most relevant to the entity into a cache, optimize information technology support of entity performance, providing a true natural language interface for entity related software, quantifying risks to entity performance, quantifying the impact of surprises on entity performance, reviewing entity performance using user defined measures, regulatory measures and combinations thereof, simulating entity performance, underwriting entity related securities and combinations thereof. 9. The system of claim 1 that is supported by computer hardware from the group consisting of a computer, a cluster, a plurality of computers connected via a network, one or more virtual computers, one or more blade servers, a plurality of computers connected via a grid and combinations thereof. 10. The system of claim 1 that supports context development, storage, distribution and utilization for a collection or population of entities. 11. A computer readable medium having sequences of instructions stored therein, which when executed cause the processors in a plurality of computers that have been connected via a network to perform an entity context method, comprising: aggregating entity related data, and developing one or more entity contexts. 12. The computer readable medium of claim 11 where the each entity context includes different aspects of context from the group consisting element context, resource context, factor context, reference context, measure context, relationship context, transaction context and combinations thereof. 13. The computer readable medium of claim 11 where each entity context is defined by a relationship from the group consisting of being an element having impact on one or more entities, being an element having impact on one or more entity types, being an element having impact on one or more events, being an element having impact on one or more actions, being an element having impact on one or more other elements, being a factor having impact on one or more entities, being a factor having impact on one or more entity types, being a factor having impact on one or more events, being a factor having impact on one or more actions, being a factor having impact on one or more other elements, measure impact, being a resource having impact on one or more entities, being a resource having impact on one or more entity types, being a resource having impact on one or more events, being a resource having impact on one or more actions, being a resource having impact on one or more elements, reference frame position and combinations thereof. 14. The computer readable medium of claim 11 where an entity is a separate entity, a collaboration between two or more entities or a multi-entity system. 15. The computer readable medium of claim 11 where entities are members of one or more groups from the group consisting of voter, precinct, caucus, city, county, state/province, regional, national, multi-national, global, household, neighborhood, community, city, region, brand, expectations, ideas, ideology, knowledge, law, money, right, relationship, service, individual, nuclear family, extended family, clan, ethnic group, organization, multi-organization, industry, market, economy, team, group, department, division, company, organization species, genus, family, order, class, phylum, kingdom, macromolecular complexes, protein, rna, dna, x-ylation, organelles, cells, structures, organs, organic systems, organism, monomer, dimer, large oligomer, aggregate, particle, molecules, compounds, chemicals, catalysts, minerals, sediment, rock, landform, plate, continent, planet, quark, particle zoo, protons, neutrons, electrons, atoms, molecules, dark matter, asteroids, comets, planets, stars, solar system, galaxy, universe, compounds, minerals, components, subassemblies, assemblies, subsystems, goods, systems pond, lake, bay, sea, ocean, creek, stream, river, current, atmosphere, clouds, lightning, precipitation, storm, wind and combinations thereof. 16. The computer readable medium of claim 11 where entity context is developed by a series of models from the group consisting of neural network; regression, generalized additive; support vector method, entropy minimization, generalized autoregressive conditional heteroskedasticity, wavelets, Markov, Viterbi, relevance vector method, Ornstein--Uhlenbeck, Bayesian, kriging, multivalent, multivariate adaptive regression splines, swarm, probabilistic--relational, power law, fractal, data envelopment analysis, path analysis and combinations thereof. 17. The computer readable medium of claim 11 where entity context includes attributes from the group consisting of the definition of one or more entity functions, the relative importance of the one or more entity functions, one or more entity function measures, the identity and description of current, past and future entity actions, the identity and description of elements that support the completion of entity actions, the identity and description of resources consumed during the completion of entity actions, the identity and description of environmental factors that affect the completion of entity actions, the interrelationship between elements, factors and resources, the relationship between elements, factors, resources, entity actions and entity function measure performance and combinations thereof. 18. The computer readable medium of claim 11 where entity context is developed in an automated fashion by learning from the data. 19. The computer readable medium of claim 11 where the method further comprises identifying the valid context space for each entity context. 20. A context-based data storage system. 21. The context-based data storage system of claim 20 that is supported by a hard drive, computer disk, datamart, data warehouse, storage area network, virtual database or a combination thereof. 22. The context-based data storage system of claim 20 that identifies one or more entity contexts for each piece of data or information contained therein. 23. The storage system of claim 22 where each entity context is defined by a relationship from the group consisting of being an element having impact on one or more entities, being an element having impact on one or more entity types, being an element having impact on one or more events, being an element having impact on one or more actions, being an element having impact on one or more other elements, being a factor having impact on one or more entities, being a factor having impact on one or more entity types, being a factor having impact on one or more events, being a factor having impact on one or more actions, being a factor having impact on one or more other elements, measure impact, being a resource having impact on one or more entities, being a resource having impact on one or more entity types, being a resource having impact on one or more events, being a resource having impact on one or more actions, being a resource having impact on one or more elements, reference frame position and combinations thereof. 24. The context-based data storage system of claim 20 that stores the element, resource, transaction, factor, relationship, measure and reference portions of entity context separately. 25. A context distribution system. 26. The context distribution system of claim 25 that supports multiple distribution methods from the group consisting of operating system layer propagation, device synchronization, device synchronization and replication, packet distribution, natural language interface and combinations thereof. 27. The context distribution system of claim 25 that distributes the element, resource, transaction, factor, relationship, measure and reference portions of entity context in separate layers or packets. 