The invention relates generally to framing systems and more particularly is concerned with systems adapted to mount panels or laminates in an array on a supporting roof structure of a building exemplified with the mounting of solar electric photovoltaic (PV) panels. The framing system described uses extruded elongate elements with a sealing element to frame the PV panel as a weatherproof PV solar roof tile. Individual frame element profiles effectively embody the PV building integration, (BiPV) or mounting method, of the solar tile within the frame itself. Only a few additional flashing components are needed to complete the PV tile array as part of the roof, or with minor variations, as a PV wall cladding. Full BiPV panel mounting methods show potential to be used for co-generation (PV/T) of solar thermal energy capture in buildings. The batten support structures of the solar tile permit variation in roof batten spacing to be tolerated in retro-fit situations, make trafficable roof with the tiles possible and provide long term weather-ability as a building element through moisture reduction by air flow and smaller surface contact. Draining of internal roof condensate from the back of the tiles to the exterior is another feature of the frame system described.
Claims 1. A framing system for mounting a solar laminate to form a solar panel which is to be mounted at an inclination to horizontal on a building structure, the framing system having: (a) an upper elongate frame element; (b) two side elongate frame elements; (c) wherein; i) each of said frame elements has an elongate channel for engaging in weather-sealing relationship with an associated edge of the solar laminate and; ii) the frame elements are adapted to be inter-connected at respective corners of the frame system, d) the upper frame element has a depending retaining element for retaining the framing system from movement in a direction down the building structure, a supporting element for supporting the frame system on a batten of the building structure and an upper portion for weather-sealing purposes, the upper portion being spaced from the elongate channel and being adapted to support in overlapping, weather-sealing relationship a lower portion of a further solar panel, and; (e) the side frame elements each having, in an upper surface portion, an upstanding wall element for cooperation with a capping element adapted to bridge between adjacent solar panels to form a weather seal. 2. A framing system as claimed in claim 1, and wherein the system further includes a lower frame element having an elongate channel for engaging in weather sealing relationship with an associated edge of the solar laminate. 3. A framing system as claimed in claim 1 and wherein the upper frame element also has an upstanding lip for catchment and subsequent direction to external drainage of internal condensate moisture. 4. A framing system as claimed in claim 1 and further including transverse supporting elements adjustable in position in the framing system. 5. A framing system as claimed in claim 1 and wherein at least one of the side wall elements on an outer upstanding edge face has means for mounting a resiliently deformable seal whereby adjacent panels engage through the seal in a manner which controls the spacing between panels, yet permits the taking-up of tolerances. 6. A framing system as claimed in claim 1 and wherein the upstanding wall element on each frame element has an undercut whereby snap-fitting engagement is achieved with the corresponding depending wall of the capping element. 7. A framing system as claimed in claim 1 and wherein each of the upper and lower wall elements is formed from an extrusion of generally an open box structure and includes screw shank engagement cavities whereby fixing screws applied from the exterior of the side of the side frame elements can engage to secure corner joints. 8. A framing system as claimed in claim 1 and wherein the lower frame element has a tip portion for engaging the upper surface of the upper frame element of the next inferior framed solar panel and extends to an overhanging lip element for engaging the inferior solar panel and shielding from the weather the elongate channel in the upper frame element of the inferior framed solar panel. 9. A framing system as claimed in claim 1 and wherein the lower elongate frame element is made of two parts, one being a smaller snap-fit part which forms the uppermost wall of the elongate channel for weather sealing of the lower frame element to the solar laminate and which engages with a larger part in a snap- fit with undercuts at the lower end of two depending walls from the smaller part engaging with corresponding undercuts in the larger part, the smaller snap fit section having a sealant groove on the lower surface of the wall for forming weather sealing for the solar laminate when snapped into place, the groove being for retaining a polymeric sealing compound that can be applied in a `wet` or `sticky` state to form a weather/water seal between the lower elongate frame element inside upper edge and the encapsulated solar laminate. 10. A framing system as claimed in claim 1 and wherein each side frame element is an extrusion having a body portion of hollow form, an outer side wall accommodating an undercut groove for retaining a flange of a seal and in the opposite side an elongate glazing channel is provided to mount the solar laminate so that an overhanging lip is provided for protecting from the weather and in particular UV exposure the glazing channel where sealing occurs typically through the use of a polymeric sealing strip. 11. A framing system as claimed in claim 1 and wherein the glazing polymeric seal has an asymmetric shape, a-lip on the lower wall portion extends beyond the edge of the lower glazing channel wall providing additional support to the underside of the solar panel, and the upper wall is constrained to fit under and inside the glazing channel overhanging lip. 12. A framing system as claimed in claim 1, and wherein each side frame elongate element incorporates in its lower surface an undercut channel e.g. of mushroom-shaped cross section for receiving a snap-fit arrangement. 13. A framing system as claimed in claim 1, and wherein the undercut channel is used for the snap fit attachment of transverse batten support elements for supporting the solar panel off a roofing batten and these transverse elements are adjustable in position on the side frame elongate elements by virtue of the snap fit arrangement that can be slid along the undercut channel. 14. A framing system as claimed in claims 1 and wherein the transverse batten support elements are made up of an elongate element that spans from one side frame elongate element of the solar tile to the other and further includes attachments by snap fitting of sets of spacers that; i) have vertical ribs that by attaching to the upper side of the transverse batten support element span the gap between the underside of the solar panel and the top surface of the transverse batten supporting element, ii) have vertical ribs that by attaching to the underside of the transverse batten support, vertically span the gap between the bottom of the transverse batten support element and the roof batten, iii) have the shape of a set of vertically running ribs held together by horizontal runners, each vertical rib having a lower undercut at either end that provides the snap fitting of the spacers to the transverse batten support, and, iv) at the ends of each spacer are an additional pair of the vertical ribs with an undercut shape for snap engaging into the under cut channel on the lower surface of the solar tile side frame elongate elements, and thereby act as the snap attachment of the transverse batten support element to the side frame elongate element. 15. A framing system as claimed in claim 1 and wherein the lower frame element has a retaining recess channel portion that takes a sealing gasket onto which a portion of the solar laminate lower edge underside lies and is supported, weather sealed and edge protected; 16. A framing system as claimed in claim 1 and wherein a seal between the lower frame elongate element and the solar panel laminate is made by a elongate polymeric interface gasket of a generally flat, broad shape with a precise profile adapting between the lower surface of the solar laminate and the upper surface of the lower frame elongate element so that the upper surface of the solar laminate and the external exposed portion of the lower frame elongate element are at the same surface height and present no barrier to water running off the solar laminate external surface this junction between the solar laminate and lower frame element being subject to the most water; 17. A framing system as claimed in claim 1 and wherein the sealing gasket includes an upper curving lip section that seals between the curved face, vertically rising, in the lower frame and retains the thin curved edge of the solar laminate glass protecting and insulating it from direct mechanical and electrical contact to the lower frame material and protecting the solar panel lamination from long term weather exposure; 18. A framing system as claimed in claim 1 and wherein the gasket has a returning overhang lip portion at the top of the upward curve shape that narrows to a fine edge, this being a compliant seal to the upper surface edge of the solar panel laminate glass that provides minimal restriction to water flow off the external surface of the solar laminate whilst effecting a seal between the glass and the gasket and the lower frame element along this joint. 19. A framing system as claimed in claim 1 and wherein the upper lip of the gasket has a ridge profile at the external face of the curving upper lip that engages into a groove with an overhanging lip portion in the lower frame elongate element recess channel section that retains the gasket upper lip firmly from lifting out of the lower frame retaining at this location. 20. A framing system as claimed in claim 1 and wherein the polymeric gasket extends under the solar laminate bottommost surface and has a series of ribbed features that act as a multitude of sealing surfaces to the solar laminate underside to an extent that any water that may enter between the solar laminate and the gasket can not travel far due to the sealing properties of the gasket and gravity due to the downward slope angle that the solar tile is usually installed. 21. A framing system as claimed in claim 1 and wherein upper edge of the broad, flat polymeric gasket is shaped with an inverted triangular profile portion that fits over the uppermost edge of the lower frame element and forms a join with an underlying surface at an angle to the solar laminate back surface to direct any condensation moisture by surface adhesion into the drainage channel formed by the upstanding lip of the upper frame elongate element directly beneath in the inferior solar tile. 22. A framing system as claimed in claim 1 and wherein each elongate frame element is made of two parts, one being a smaller snap fit part which forms the uppermost wall of the elongate channel for weather sealing of the lower frame element to the solar laminate and which engages with a larger part in a snap-fit with undercuts at the lower end of two depending walls from the smaller part engaging with corresponding undercuts in the larger part, the smaller snap fit section having a sealant groove on the lower surface of the wall for forming weather sealing for the solar laminate when snapped into place, the groove being for retaining a polymeric sealing gasket or polymeric compound that can be applied in a `wet` or `sticky` state to form a weather/water seal between the lower elongate frame element inside upper edge and the encapsulated solar laminate. 23. A framing system as claimed in claim 1 and wherein the joins between both the upper frame element and the lower frame element to the side frame elements are made through adaptive corner pieces that have extensions of a profile shape which can insert into each adjoining frame element and that are also clamped and secured tightly together between the adjoining side frame elements. 24. A framing system as claimed in claim 1 and wherein the corner pieces have an upstanding lip along the upper edge aligned in the axis of the side frame element that mates to the same shape of upstanding lip on the side frame element smaller snap-fit part, the upstanding lip being to retain any water downward to the external surface of the tile. 25. A framing system as claimed in claim 1 and wherein the lower corner pieces have an extension that adapts between the abutting side frame element and polymeric sealing gasket and the lower frame end profile face. 26. A framing system as claimed in claim 1 and wherein the upper corner pieces have a generally flat upper surface so that the lower corner piece of the superior tile can be supported on the flat surface and form part of a weather overlap seal without interference between the lower and upper corner pieces by the side frame element upstanding wall and capping element of the inferior tile, interference between upper and lower corner pieces is avoided by: i) an arch profile in the front face of the lower corner piece, ii) the side frame elongate snap-fit section being shorter in length than the larger side frame elongate section, the larger section also underlies and becomes clamped to the upper corner flat surface, iii) the side frame elongate snap-fit section of the inferior tile being located farther down the side frame from the upper corner piece than the larger side frame section but in a weather sealing relationship to the flat upper surface of the upper corner piece. 27. A framing system as claimed in claim 1 and wherein the side frame elongate capping element has an end cap that: i) closes the open lower end of the capping elongate element and is secured to the capping by means of deforming the capping elongate element side-walls end edges to fold into slots provided on the end cap moulding or by use of a suitable adhesive, and ii) has a lower skirting wall on either side wall that when fixed and integral to the capping elongate element lies inside the sleeve formed by the opposing extending walls of adjacent left and right hand lower corner pieces on installed solar tiles, iii) is made of a moulded material suited to long term solar exposure. 