Harmful effects of the sun are becoming more prominent than they have been in the past. Thus, appropriately shielding ourselves from the sun has become ever more important. Unfortunately, applying sunscreens to infants may not be preferable thus sunshade umbrellas have been developed that clamp onto a stroller and are user positionable to provide shade to the infant located thereunder. Unfortunately, as the stroller I moved with respect to the sun, the orientation of the umbrella must be varied in order to ensure the infant is in adequate shade. Not applicable to just stroller umbrellas, an automated position in system for an umbrella is thus disclosed. The automated positioning system orients the canopy of the umbrella in relation to the sun so that shade at a predetermine location is provided thereunder.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method of spatially orienting a canopy comprising the steps of: detecting an orientation of a light source relative to the canopy; moving of the canopy in dependence upon the detected orientation, the canopy positioned for providing a shade under the canopy; and, maintaining the shade about an approximately predetermined location relative to which the canopy is moved. 2. A method according to claim 1 wherein the step of detecting comprises the steps of: sampling an intensity of light to determine a first magnitude; automatically moving the umbrella canopy in a first direction; sampling an intensity of light to determine a second magnitude; and, determining a larger magnitude between the first magnitude and the second magnitude. 3. A method according to claim 2 wherein the step of moving comprises the step of automatically moving the umbrella canopy in a second direction, other than the first direction, when the determination is that the second magnitude is less than the first magnitude. 4. A method according to claim 3 wherein the step of automatically moving is performed until one of the first magnitude and the second magnitude is maximized. 5. A method according to claim 1 wherein the step of detecting comprises the steps of: receiving first light at a first location; generating a first photocurrent proportional to an intensity of received first light; receiving second light at a second location; generating a second photocurrent proportional to an intensity of received second light; and, providing a control circuit for receiving the first and second photocurrents. 6. A method according to claim 5 wherein the step of moving comprises the steps of: iteratively performing the steps of: determining a difference in the first and the second photocurrents; and, moving the canopy in a direction that minimizes the difference between the first and the second photocurrents. 7. A method according to claim 6 comprising the step of other than moving the canopy when the first and the second photocurrents are approximately the same. 8. A method according to claim 1 comprising the step of automatically initiating the method when the canopy is moved from a first closed position to a second open position, the second open position for providing a shaded region of a first area and the first open position for providing a shaded region of a size substantially smaller than the first area. 9. A method according to claim 1 comprising the steps of: detecting a presence of rain; and, moving the canopy into a predetermined fixed position when rain is detected. 10. An apparatus comprising: a canopy having an upper surface and a lower surface for providing shade to a shaded area opposing the lower surface in response to light impacting the upper surface; a first photodetector for detecting at least one of an amount of light in the shaded area and an amount of light impacting the canopy upper surface, the detector for generating a photocurrent in response to light incident thereon; a control circuit for receiving the photocurrent and for generating a first control signal in dependence thereon; a positioning mechanism having a fixed portion and having a moving portion coupled with the canopy for spatially orienting the canopy relative to the fixed portion about at least an axis in response to the control signal for, in use, maintaining at least a portion of the shaded area in an approximately predetermined spatial orientation relative to the fixed portion. 11. An apparatus according to claim 10 wherein the first photodetector is disposed on the upper surface of the canopy. 12. An apparatus according to claim 10 wherein the first photodetector is disposed on other than the canopy and does not move in response to actuated movement of the canopy with respect to the fixed portion. 13. An apparatus according to claim 12 wherein the first photodetector is disposed in the shaded area. 14. An apparatus according to claim 10 comprising: a second photodetector coupled to the control circuit, the second photodetector for generating a second photocurrent proportional to an intensity of light incident thereon, wherein the first control signal is generated further in dependence upon the second photocurrent. 15. An apparatus according to claim 14 wherein the first photodetector and the second photodetector are disposed proximate the upper surface and are diametrically opposed about a geometric center of the canopy. 16. An apparatus according to claim 15 wherein the positioning mechanism comprises a first actuator for receiving the first control signal and for driving the moving portion about a first axis, the first and the second photodetectors disposed on opposing sides of the first axis in an approximately parallel relationship to the first arc. 17. An apparatus according to claim 15 comprising a third photodetector and a fourth photodetector coupled to the control circuit, the third and fourth photodetectors for each generating an other photocurrent proportional to an intensity of light incident thereon, and wherein the control circuit includes circuitry for receiving the other photocurrents and for generating a second control signal in dependence upon the received other photocurrents. 18. An apparatus according to claim 17 comprising a second actuator, the second actuator for receiving the second control signal and disposed for driving the moving portion along a second arc about a second axis approximately orthogonal to the first axis. 19. An apparatus according to claim 18 wherein the second and third photodetectors are oriented on opposing sides of the second axis diametrically opposite a geometric center of the canopy and approximately parallel to the second arc. 20. An apparatus according to claim 19 wherein the first and second axes are substantially orthogonal. 21. An apparatus according to claim 10 wherein the fixed portion comprises a releasable mount. 22. An apparatus according to claim 21 comprising a generator, the generator having a stator for mounting to a frame of a vehicle and a rotor for coupling to the at least a wheel of the vehicle, the rotor for rotating in response to rotational motion of the at least a wheel, the generator for generating electricity in response to relative motion between the rotator and the stator. 23. An apparatus according to claim 22 wherein the control circuit comprises an electrical charge storage medium for storing of electrical energy generated by the generator. 24. An apparatus according to claim 10 wherein the fixed portion is coupled to a portion of a fixture that is other than a vehicle. 25. An apparatus according to claim 10 wherein the fixed portion is for installation in a permanent fashion. 26. An apparatus according to claim 10 comprising at least a photovoltaic cell disposed adjacent the upper surface for providing electrical energy to the control circuit in response to light incident thereon. 27. An apparatus according to claim 26 wherein the control circuit comprises an electrical charge storage medium for storing of the electrical energy generated by the at least a photovoltaic cell. 28. An apparatus according to claim 27 comprising a switch actuatable by opening and closing of the canopy, the switch is for selectively enabling and disabling the control circuit. 29. An apparatus according to claim 10 comprising a rain sensor, the rain sensor electrically coupled to the control circuit for detecting whether the outer surface of the canopy is subject to rain and for providing a rain signal in dependence thereon. 30. An apparatus according to claim 29 wherein the control circuit comprises a rain detection circuit for receiving the rain signal and, when the rain signal is indicative of rain, for providing a rain control signal for moving the canopy into a predetermined fixed position. 