A retractable light/sound system for mounting on the eave of a structure includes a housing and an output subassembly. A hinge pivotably interconnects the housing and the output subassembly whereby the latter is pivotable between a retracted/stored position and an extended/display position. The output subassembly includes multiple lights and/or loudspeakers and provides output in response to input power and/or control signals from any control subsystem, which can include a microprocessor adapted for preprogramming to activate the output components in response to certain, predetermined input source conditions. The system is adapted for mounting on or in soffits, or on building fascias integrally with gutters.
Claims Having thus described the invention, what is claimed as new and desired to be secured by Letters Patent is: 1. A retractable lighting system for mounting on the eave of a structure, which includes: a housing adapted for mounting on the eave and including housing walls forming a downwardly-open receiver; an output subassembly including a raceway and an output component mounted on the raceway; a hinge connected to the housing and the raceway; and said output subassembly being movable between a retracted/stored position substantially within said housing receiver and an extended/display position extending downwardly from said housing with said output component exposed. 2. The invention according to claim 1, which includes said output component comprising a light and said raceway having a face enclosing said housing receiver in said retracted/stored position of said output subassembly, said face being located generally behind said light with said output subassembly in its extended/display position. 3. The invention according to claim 2, which includes: said raceway including an enclosed, longitudinally-extending passageway; multiple said lights mounted on said raceway in longitudinally-spaced relation; and an electrical wiring harness extending through said passageway and electrically connected to said lights. 4. The invention according to claim 3, which includes: said housing having first and second detent receivers radially spaced at approximately 90 degrees with respect to a pivotal axis formed by said hinge; and a detent mechanism mounted on said raceway and adapted for releasable insertion in said first detent receiver with said output subassembly in its retracted position and adapted for releasable insertion in said second detent receiver with said output subassembly in its extended position. 5. The invention according to claim 1, which includes: said housing forming a clip with a panel receiver adapted to receive a soffit panel. 6. The invention according to claim 1, which includes a control subsystem for said light/sound system, which control subsystem includes a motor connected to said output subassembly and adapted for extending and retracting same between its extended and retracted positions, a microprocessor connected to said motor and adapted for controlling same, and an input device connected to said microprocessor and adapted for providing an actuation signal for causing said motor to retract and extend said output subassembly. 7. The invention according to claim 3, which includes: said housing receiver comprising a first housing receiver; said housing having a second housing receiver extending in generally parallel, juxtaposed relation to said first housing receiver; said output subassembly comprising a first output subassembly; a second output subassembly with a raceway including a passageway mounting multiple lights in longitudinally-spaced relation, said passageway receiving a wiring harness connected to said lights; said hinge comprising a first hinge with a first pivotal axis; a second hinge located in juxtaposed, parallel relation to said first hinge and defining a longitudinally-extending second pivotal axis; said second output subassembly being pivotable about said second pivotal axis between a retracted/stored position generally within said second receiver and an extended/display position extending downwardly from said housing, said first and second in raceways being located back-to-back with respect to each other with the output subassemblies in their extended/display positions. 8. The invention according to claim 1, which includes a gutter integrally formed with said housing and adapted for mounting on a fascia of said eave, said gutter having a bottom panel forming the top of said housing. 9. The invention according to claim 1, which includes said hinge having first and second hinge leaves mounted on said housing and said raceway respectively and a trim cover piece mounted on said raceway in proximity to said hinge for at least partly covering said hinge line. 10. In combination with a building including an eave with a soffit having lookout rafters and a soffit panel mounted on the underside of said lookout rafters, the improvement of a lighting system adapted for mounting in said soffit, which includes: a longitudinally-extending, downwardly-open opening formed in said soffit and including notches formed in said lookout rafters; a housing adapted for mounting in said opening at least partly in said lookout rafter notches and including inner, outer and upper housing walls forming a downwardly-open receiver; multiple mechanical fasteners extending through said housing walls and into said soffit rafters for mounting said system in said eave; a longitudinally-extending output subassembly including a raceway with a wiring passageway, multiple lights mounted on said raceway, a wiring harness extending through said passageway and connected to said lights; a hinge connected to the housing and the raceway, said hinge defining a longitudinally-extending pivotal axis located in proximity to said soffit panel; said output subassembly being pivotable about said pivotal axis between a retracted/stored position substantially within said housing receiver and an extended/display position extending downwardly from said housing with said output component exposed; and a control subsystem including a motor operably connected to said output subassembly and adapted for extending and retracting same, said control subsystem including a microprocessor programmable to automatically operate said motor and multiple inputs adapted for sensing predetermined conditions for extending and retracting said output subassembly and selectively illuminating said lights. 11. The invention according to claim 10, wherein said output subassembly includes a loudspeaker mounted on said raceway and said control subsystem includes an audio source connected to said loudspeaker. 12. The invention according to claim 10 wherein said control subsystem includes a photovoltaic switch connected to said microprocessor. 13. The invention according to claim 10 wherein said microprocessor or is preprogrammed to call said lights to flash in a predetermined pattern. 14. The invention according to claim 10 wherein said control subsystem includes a motion sensor adapted to extend said output subassembly and activate said output component in response to sensing motion. 15. The invention according to claim 10 wherein said housing and said raceway are extruded. 16. The invention according to claim 10 wherein said hinge comprises first and second pivotably interlocking components integrally formed with said housing and said raceway respectively. 17. The invention according claim 10 wherein said output subassembly is connected to a power source associated with the structure on which said system is mounted. 