A watercraft (11) comprising a shell having an upper skin (13) adapted to support at least one person, a lower skin (15) defining a hull (23) for contact with the water, an aperture (24) extending through the upper and lower skin and defined by a sidewall (100) enclosure between the lower skin (15) and the upper skin (23) to maintain the integrity of the shell, wherein the aperture (129) removably secures a propulsion means (31) for propelling the watercraft (11), such that a cavity within the shell remains watertight to allow for practical functioning when the propulsion means (31) is removed.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A watercraft in the form of a sit on top kayak including: a shell having a longitudinal extent, the shell comprising an upper skin adapted to support at least one person; a lower skin defining a hull for contact with the water, the hull having a profile comprising of at least one keel, a recessed portion at the stem of the kayak and centrally located along the longitudinal extent, wherein the recessed portion induces and helps maintain the flow of water to a propulsion means, whilst reducing the drag upon the watercraft, the at least one keel extending deeper into the water than the propulsion means, to minimise the impact on the marine environment; a cavity between the upper and lower skin; and an aperture which removably secures the propulsion means for propelling the kayak, the propulsion means being configured to cooperate with the kayak to maintain the shallow draught, the aperture extends through the upper and lower skin and is defined by a sidewall enclosure between the lower skin and the upper skin to maintain the integrity of the shell and ensure the cavity remains watertight, whereby the watercraft can be propelled by the at least one person using a conventional paddling motion regardless of whether the propulsion means is accommodated in the aperture. 2. A watercraft in the form of a sit on top kayak including: a shell having a longitudinal extent, the shell comprising an upper skin adapted to support at least one person; a lower skin defining a hull for contact with the water, the hull having a shallow draught so as to have minimal impact on the marine environment; a cavity between the upper and lower skin; and an aperture which removably secures a propulsion means for propelling the kayak, the propulsion means being configured to cooperate with the kayak to maintain the shallow draught, the aperture extends through the upper and lower skin and is defined by a sidewall enclosure between the lower skin and the upper skin to maintain the integrity of the shell and ensure the cavity remains watertight, whereby the watercraft can be propelled by the at least one person using a conventional paddling motion regardless of whether the propulsion means has been fitted. 3. A watercraft according to claim 2 wherein the aperture is in the aft portion of the watercraft, adjacent the most rearward point of the stern, such that, when fitted, the propulsion means is aft of the rearmost operator's position. 4. A watercraft according to claims 2 wherein the propulsion means is easily removable from the watercraft to facilitate ease of handling when loading and unloading the watercraft from storage and ease of handling at the water's edge. 5. A watercraft according to claim 2 wherein the propulsion means has an intake for receiving water and an outlet for discharging water. 6. A watercraft according to claim 5 wherein propulsion means is positioned relative to the watercraft to ensure the intake of the propulsion means has a continuous supply of water. 7. A watercraft according to claim 2 wherein the aperture is configured to provide easy positioning and securing of the propulsion means. 8. A watercraft according to claim 2 wherein a lower end of the propulsion means is substantially flush with an under-side of the hull when the propulsion means is in position, thereby, reducing the impact on the marine environment, particularly when passing across coral outcrops, weed banks and riverbanks. 9. A watercraft according to claim 2 wherein the propulsion means comprises a pump and a motor to drive the pump. 10. A watercraft according to claim 9 wherein the motor is powered by a fuel source selected from a group comprising a battery system, solar power, fuel cell, or photovoltaic cells. 11. A watercraft according to claim 9 wherein the motor is an electric motor. 12. A watercraft according to claim 11 wherein the electric motor is mounted transverse to the longitudinal axis of the kayak. 13. A watercraft according to claim 9 wherein the pump and motor are integral. 14. A watercraft according to claim 9 wherein a coupling means separates the pump from the electric motor. 15. A watercraft according to claim 14 wherein the coupling means is in the form of a belt drive. 16. A watercraft according to claim 9 wherein the pump is an impeller type pump. 17. A watercraft according to claim 9 wherein the pump is a centrifugal pump. 18. A watercraft according to claim 2 wherein a shroud is fitted over the propulsion means. 19. A watercraft according to claim 18 wherein the propulsion means comprises a pump and the shroud is fitted to the pump to direct the water discharged into a central rearward position, substantially aligned with the longitudinal axis of the watercraft. 20. A watercraft according to claim 5 wherein the intake of the propulsion means is provided by an inlet of the pump through which water is drawn and the outlet of the propulsion means is defined by an outlet of the pump through which the water is discharge, and wherein the inlet and outlet each protrudes below or is substantially flush with the under side of the hull, such that the water drawn and discharged from the propulsion means is drawn and discharged substantially below the surface of the water. 21. A watercraft according to claim 20 wherein water discharged from the propulsion means is propelled rearward, substantially parallel to the longitudinal axis of the watercraft. 22. A watercraft according to claim 2 wherein the watercraft is fitted with an activation means operable to activate and deactivate the propulsion means when required. 23. A watercraft according to claim 2 wherein the propulsion means is positioned in a holding compartment integral with the upper skin and protected from the elements by way of a hood, lid or hatch cover. 24. A watercraft according to claim 10 wherein the fuel source is positioned in a holding compartment integral with the upper skin and protected from the elements by way of a hood, lid or hatch cover. 25. A watercraft according to claim 2 wherein the watercraft is fitted with a steering means for steering the watercraft when being propelled by the propulsion means. 26. A watercraft according to claim 25 wherein the steering means directs the body of water discharged from the propulsion means. 27. A watercraft according to claim 26 wherein the steering means comprises a movable shroud for directing water discharge. 28. A watercraft according to claim 27 wherein the shroud is rotatable in the horizontal plane, allowing angular redirection of the water discharged to facilitate turning of the watercraft. 29. A watercraft according to claim 25 wherein the steering means comprises an aft fitted rudder arrangement. 30. A watercraft according to claim 2 wherein the hull has a profile comprising of at least one keel or stepped hull formation. 31. A watercraft according to claim 30 wherein the at least one keel or stepped hull formation runs from the stern of the kayak towards the bow. 32. A watercraft according to claim 2 wherein the hull has a recessed portion centrally located along the longitudinal axis, and at the stem of the kayak, wherein the recessed portion induces and helps maintain the flow of water to the propulsion means, whilst reducing the drag upon the watercraft. 33. A watercraft according to claim 32 wherein the recessed portion is in the form of a channel. 34. A watercraft according to claim 31 wherein the at least one keel or stepped hull formation is designed to extend deeper into the water than the propulsion means. 35. A watercraft according to claim 2 wherein at least one floatation assembly is located in an aft position of the shell. 36. A watercraft according to claim 35 wherein the at least one floatation assembly is releasably mounted with respect to the watercraft. 37. A watercraft according to claims 35 wherein there are two floatation assemblies. 38. A watercraft according to claim 35 wherein each floatation assembly is releasably mounted with respect to the watercraft and comprises at least one support pontoon attached to a support arm. 39. A watercraft according to claim 38 wherein the support arm defines an adjustable element, which allows each assembly to be variably adjusted between an extended position and a retracted position. 40. A watercraft according to claim 37 wherein the two floatation assemblies are located on opposed sides of the longitudinal axis of the watercraft, and are symmetrical with respect to each other about said axis. 41. A watercraft according to claim 2 wherein the watercraft incorporates at least one storage compartment integral with the upper skin. 42. A watercraft according to claim 2 wherein the propulsion means comprises a screw propeller and motor. 43. A watercraft according to claim 42 wherein a cage surrounds the propeller to protect the environment and other swimmers. 44. A watercraft according to claim 43 wherein the cage is integral with the propulsion means. 45. A watercraft according to claim 43 wherein the cage is removably attached to the lower skin of the shell. 46. A watercraft according to claim 42 wherein the screw propeller is of a diameter that will allow for the overall draught depth of the watercraft to be minimal so as to ensure minimal impact on the underwater environment whilst giving consideration to properties of propeller efficiency. 47. A watercraft according to claim 9 wherein the motor comprises a fully immersed electric drive. 48. A watercraft according to claim 2 wherein the propulsion means comprises a paddle wheel and motor. 49. A watercraft according to claim 48 wherein the paddle wheel is positioned within the aft section such that the outer most extremity of the paddle wheel is adjacent the most rearward point of the stem, providing a forward thrust to the watercraft. 50. A watercraft according to claim 48 wherein the motor is integral with or positioned within the inner perimeter of the rotating paddle wheel so as the unit acts as one in respect of mounting and dismounting from the watercraft. 51. A watercraft according to claim 48 wherein a cage encapsulates the under water portion of the paddle wheel for the protection of the environment and swimmers. 52. A watercraft according to claim 2 wherein the upper skin provides footrests and a seat for each of the at least one person. 53. A watercraft according to claim 52 wherein the seat has a support surface raised slightly above the portion of cockpit flooring immediately forward of the seat so as to keep the at least one person above the lowest point where any water may collect. 54. A watercraft according to claim 2 also incorporating an underwater viewing window for the enjoyment of the occupants. 55. A watercraft according to claim 2 wherein the hull includes a cockpit floor space having an opening which receives a viewing window for viewing underwater objects. 56. A watercraft according to claim 55 wherein the opening has a raised rim extending around the entire perimeter to assist in keeping the top of the viewing glass dry and clean for underwater viewing purposes. 57. A watercraft according to claim 2 wherein a window aperture is moulded with integral side walls so that the underside hull moulding will be integral with the upper hull deck cockpit floor, whereby an aperture receives the window. 58. A watercraft in the form of a sit on top kayak comprising: a shell having a longitudinal extent, the shell comprising an upper skin adapted to support at least one person, a lower skin defining a hull for contact with the water, the hull having a shallow draught so as to have minimal impact on the marine environment; a cavity between the upper and lower skin; and an aperture which removably secures a propulsion means for propelling the kayak, the propulsion means being configured to cooperate with the kayak to maintain a shallow draught, the aperture extends through the upper and lower skin and is defined by a sidewall enclosure between the lower skin and the upper skin to maintain the integrity of the shell and ensure the cavity remains watertight, at least one floatation assembly comprising an adjustable element such that the at least one floatation assembly is adjustable between an extended position and a retracted position, allowing the person to increase or decrease the degree of stability added to the shell, whereby the watercraft can be propelled by the at least one person using a conventional paddling motion regardless of whether the propulsion means is accommodated in the aperture, the at least one floatation assembly providing an increase in buoyancy to the watercraft. 59. A watercraft according to claim 58 wherein there are two floatation assemblies, each being located in an aft position of the shell, and on opposed sides of the longitudinal axis of the watercraft, and being symmetrical with respect to each other about said axis. 60. A watercraft according to claim 58 wherein assemblies are located sufficiently aft so as not to interfere with the paddling motion. 61. A watercraft in the form of a sit on top kayak, comprising a shell having an upper and lower skin whereby one or more operators are seated upon an open cockpit area formed as part of the upper skin, the upper skin and lower skin define a cavity, the shell being capable of receiving and supporting at least one floatation assembly aft of the most rearward seating position, the shell having an aperture aft of the most rearward seating position to receive and retain a propulsion means, the aperture extending between the upper and lower skins, separated from the cavity by a sidewall such that no water may pass through the aperture into the cavity, whereby the watercraft is capable of being propelled by the paddling action of one or more of the operators when the propulsion means is removed. 62. A watercraft in the form of a sit on top kayak comprising a shell having an upper and lower skin which define a cavity, and an aperture within the shell to accommodate a propulsion means, the aperture extending between the upper and lower skins and being separated from the cavity by a sidewall such that no water may pass through the aperture into the cavity, whereby the watercraft is capable of being propelled by the paddling action of an operator supported on the upper skin when the propulsion means is removed. 63. A watercraft in the form of a sit on top kayak comprising a shell having a lower skin defining a hull for contact with the water and an upper skin having a cockpit adapted to support a first occupant and a second occupant, whereby the first occupant is in face to face relation with the second occupant, the shell being capable of receiving and supporting at least one floatation assembly aft of the most rearward seating position and able to receive and retain a propulsion means aft of the most rearward seating position, the shell having a cavity between the lower skin and upper skin, and an aperture extending therebetween, the aperture having a sidewall extending between the upper and lower skin such that the cavity remains watertight and allowing the watercraft to be propelled by the paddling action of one or both of the occupants regardless of whether the aperture accommodates the propulsion means. 64. A watercraft in the form of a sit on top kayak comprising: a shell having an upper skin adapted to support a first occupant and a second occupant, whereby the first occupant is in face-to-face relation with the second occupant, and a lower skin defining a hull for contact with the water, a cavity between the upper and lower skin; and an aperture extending through the upper and lower skin and defined by a sidewall enclosure between the lower skin and the upper skin to maintain the integrity of the shell and ensure the cavity remains watertight, wherein the aperture removably secures a propulsion means for propelling the watercraft, such that a cavity within the shell remains watertight allowing the watercraft to be propelled by the paddling action of one or both of the occupants when the propulsion means is removed. 65. A watercraft in the form of a sit on top kayak comprising: a shell having an upper skin adapted to support a first occupant and a second occupant, whereby the first occupant is in face-to-face relation with the second occupant, and a lower skin defining a hull for contact with the water, a cavity between the upper and lower skin; and an aperture extending through the upper and lower skin and defined by a sidewall enclosure between the lower skin and the upper skin to maintain the integrity of the shell and ensure the cavity remains watertight, at least one floatation assembly comprising an adjustable element such that the at least one floatation assembly is adjustable between an extended position and a retracted position, allowing the person to increase or decrease the degree of stability added to the shell, wherein the aperture removably secures a propulsion means for propelling the watercraft, such that a cavity within the shell remains watertight allowing the watercraft to be propelled by the paddling action of one or both of the occupants when the propulsion means is removed, the at least one floatation assembly providing an increase in buoyancy to the watercraft. 66. A watercraft configured as a sit on top kayak, including: a shell having a longitudinal extent, the shell comprising an upper skin providing a paddling position; a lower skin defining a hull for contact with the water, a cavity between the upper and lower skin; and an aperture within the shell opening onto the upper and lower skins, the aperture being defined by a wall extending between the lower skin and the upper skin to maintain the integrity of the shell thereby ensuring the cavity remains watertight, a propulsion means adapted to be removably received in the aperture, for interaction with water below the hull to provide propulsion, whereby a person occupying the paddling position can propel the watercraft with a paddling motion regardless of whether the propulsion means is accommodated in the aperture. 67. A watercraft according to claim 66 wherein the aperture is offset from the paddling position along the longitudinal extent of the watercraft. 