A solar powered lighting assembly for attachment to an eaves trough mounted on an outer wall surface includes a lamp, a rechargeable power source, a solar panel assembly, a mounting bracket and a connector arm. The rechargeable power source is connected to the lamp to provide operational power. The solar panel assembly is coupled to the rechargeable power source to provide electrical power for recharging the rechargeable power source. The mounting bracket is coupled to the inside surface of the eaves trough and is used to support the rechargeable power source and the solar panel assembly. The connector arm is coupled to the lamp and is adapted to be removeably coupled in between the eaves trough and the outer wall surface.
Claims 1. A solar powered lighting assembly for attachment to an eaves trough mounted on an outer wall surface, said lighting assembly comprising: (a) a lamp; (b) a rechargeable power source coupled to said lamp to provide operational power to said lamp; (c) a solar panel assembly connected to the rechargeable power source to provide electrical power for recharging the rechargeable power source; (d) a mounting bracket coupled to the inside surface of the eaves trough for supporting said rechargeable power source and said solar panel assembly; and (e) a connector arm coupled to said lamp, said connector arm being adapted to be removeably coupled in between said eaves trough and said outer wall surface. 2. The lighting assembly of claim 1, wherein said lamp further comprises a reflector for focusing the light emitted by said lamp. 3. The lighting assembly of claim 1, wherein said rechargeable power source further comprises an LED charge indicator for indicating that the energy supplied by solar panel array is charging said rechargeable power source. 4. The lighting assembly of claim 1, wherein said solar panel assembly is rotably coupled to said mounting bracket such that said solar panel assembly can be spatially reoriented. 5. The lighting assembly of claim 1, wherein the vertical position of said connector can be adjusted by moving said connector arm vertically between said eaves trough and said outer wall surface. 6. The lighting assembly of claim 1, wherein said connector arm contains at least one wedge-shaped protrustion for securing the connector arm within said eaves trough and said outer wall surface. 7. The lighting assembly of claim 1, wherein said lamp is rotatably coupled to said connector arm such that the position of lamp relative to the connector arm can be manually adjusted. 8. A lighting assembly for attachment to an eaves trough mounted on an outer wall surface, said lighting assembly comprising: (a) a lamp; (b) a power source connected to said lamp to provide operational power to said lamp; and (c) a connector arm coupled to said lamp, said connector arm being adapted to be removeably coupled in between said eaves trough and said outer wall surface such that said lamp is positioned to provide light on the outer wall surface. 9. The lighting assembly of claim 8, wherein said lamp further comprises a reflector for focusing the light emitted by said lamp. 10. The lighting assembly of claim 8, wherein the vertical position of said connector can be adjusted by moving said connector arm vertically between said eaves trough and said outer wall surface. 11. The lighting assembly of claim 8, wherein said connector arm contains at least one wedge-shaped protrustion for securing the connector arm within said eaves trough and said outer wall surface. 12. The lighting assembly of claim 8, wherein said lamp is rotatably coupled to said connector arm such that the position of lamp relative to the connector arm can be manually adjusted. 13. A kit for assembling a solar powered lighting assembly for attachment to an eaves trough mounted on an outer wall surface, said kit comprising: (a) a lamp; (b) a rechargeable power source adapted to be coupled to said lamp to provide operational power to said lamp; (c) a solar panel assembly adapted to be coupled to the rechargeable power source to provide electrical power for recharging the rechargeable power source; (d) a mounting bracket adapted to be coupled to the inside surface of the eaves trough for supporting said rechargeable power source and said solar panel assembly; and (e) a connector arm adapted to be coupled to said lamp, said connector arm also being adapted to be removeably coupled in between said eaves trough and said outer wall surface. 