The regulated heating and air conditioning installations normally enable, when controlled, integration of the main factors affecting the comfort of passengers, in particular preventing the windscreen and the other windows from getting clouded. In order to detect incipient mist formation, condensation and moisture sensors generate detection signals, which initiate steps for preventing mist formation when a threshold value is exceeded. Measures are taken for preventing mist formation based on requirements and in a manner adapted to the changing moisture conditions of the glass panes, for example, by using points of intervention stored in a processor. Steps are therefore taken to prevent mist formation, based on moisture variation gradients of the glass panes. Depending on the moisture of the glass panes varying in time and in terms of values, each point of intervention is generally set on as soon as possible, but the latest possible, the local conditions and local meteorological elements being taken into consideration when the method is applied.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method for preventing fogging of windows, the method comprising: evaluating sensor signals; and activating anti-fogging measures when a threshold value is reached based on the evaluation of the sensor signals, wherein the anti-fogging measures are activated as a function of gradients of the changing window humidity based on stored variable trigger points whose values are defined based on the behavior of the window humidity. 2. The method according to claim 1, wherein no trigger point is defined up to a threshold value for a constant window humidity, and wherein a trigger point for a slow change in window humidity is defined at a higher value and later time than a trigger point defined for a rapid change in the window humidity. 3. The method according to claim 2, wherein the trigger point for a slow change in window humidity is arbitrarily defined and is approximately 80-90% of the window humidity. 4. The method according to claim 2, wherein the trigger point for a rapid change in window humidity is arbitrarily defined and is approximately 60-70% of the window humidity. 5. The method according to claim 1, wherein external variables are taken into account in defining the variable trigger points. 6. The method according to claim 5, wherein the external variables include speed, outside temperature, and incident solar radiation. 7. The method according to claim 1, wherein the monitoring of the measures taken is monitored on the basis of the window humidity. 8. The method according to claim 1, wherein the window is a vehicle window. 9. The method according to claim 1, wherein the stored variable trigger points are predetermined. 10. An apparatus for preventing fogging on a window, the apparatus comprising: a sensor being provided on the window and outputting sensor signals; and a processor for receiving and evaluating the sensor signals and based on the evaluation of the sensor signals, the processor controls at least one anti-fogging assembly, wherein, during the evaluation of the sensor signals by the processor, the processor determines the rate of fogging on the window and based on the rate of fogging a predetermined trigger point is selected that initiates control of the at least one anti-fogging assembly. 