A system for monitoring at least one parameter of interest relating to a flow conduit having a through passage and a fluid flow therein comprises at least one measurement station coupled to the flow conduit for taking a measurement relating to the parameter of interest. An interrogation device is adapted to move proximate the measurement station and to transmit a first signal to the measurement station, and to receive a second signal from the measurement station relating to the parameter of interest. The measurement station receives power from the first signal.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A system for monitoring at least one parameter of interest relating to a flow conduit having a through passage and a fluid flow therein comprising: a) at least one measurement station coupled to said flow conduit for taking a measurement relating to the parameter of interest; and b) an interrogation device adapted to move proximate said measurement station, said interrogation device further adapted to transmit a first signal to said measurement station and to receive a second signal from the measurement station relating to the parameter of interest. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein said measurement station includes a sensor for making a measurement and a device for storing data relating thereto. 3. The system of claim 2 wherein the measurement station includes a power device for supplying power to the measurement station. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein the measurement station is adapted to transmit data relating to the parameter of interest upon receipt of a command signal. 5. The system of claim 1 wherein: i. the interrogation device sends a command signal to the measurement station; and ii. the measurement station transmits data upon receipt of the command signal. 6. The system of claim 1 wherein the at least one measurement station includes a plurality of measurement stations disposed spaced apart along a length of the flow conduit. 7. The system of claim 6 wherein the plurality of measurement stations includes sensors that provide measurements of at least two different parameters of interest. 8. The system of claim 1 wherein the parameter of interest is selected from a group consisting of (i) corrosion, (ii) pressure, (iii) temperature, (iv) fluid flow state, (v) vibration, (vi) chemical composition, (vii) mechanical strain, (viii) chemical contamination, (ix) radioactive contamination, (x) biological contamination, and (xi) seismic events. 9. The system according to claim 2, wherein the measurement station receives power from said interrogation device through radio frequency transmission. 10. The system of claim 1 wherein the first signal and the second signal are radio frequency signals 11. The system of claim 1 wherein the measurement station includes interface circuitry and a processor acting according to programmed instructions. 12. The system of claim 10 wherein the measurement station receives electrical power from said first signal. 13. The system of claim 1 wherein the measurement station includes a real-time clock for time stamping a measurement event. 14. The system of claim 13 wherein said measurement event includes a measurement matching a predetermined criterion. 15. The system of claim 1 wherein the at least one measurement station is coupled to at least one of (i) an outer surface of said flow conduit and (ii) an inner surface of said flow conduit. 16. The system of claim 1 wherein the flow conduit is at least one of (i) a fluid pipeline (ii) a wellbore tubular, and (iii) an aqueduct. 17. The system of claim 16 wherein the wellbore tubular is at least one of (i) a casing and (ii) a production tubing. 18. The system of claim 1 wherein the interrogation device moves in said through passage in said flow conduit. 19. The system of claim 1 wherein the interrogation device moves external to said flow conduit. 20. The system of claim 19 wherein said external interrogation device is as least one of (i) an automotive device and (ii) an aircraft device. 21. The system of claim 1 wherein the flow conduit is made from at least one of (i) a metallic material, (ii) a composite material and (iii) a cementitious material. 22. The system of claim 21, wherein the at least one measurement station is embedded in the flow conduit made of a composite material. 23. The system of claim 22, wherein the flow conduit made of a composite material includes at least one electrical conductor embedded along the length of said flow conduit, said electrical conductor adapted to act as an RF antenna for transmitting and receiving RF signals. 24. The system of claim 1, wherein the measurement station receives power from a power source chosen from the group consisting of (i) a commercially packaged battery, (ii) a thick film battery integrally attached to the measurement station, (iii) a piezoelectric power source deriving power from shock and vibration in the proximity of the measurement station, (iv) a solar cell integrated into an external surface of the measurement station, and (v) a thermoelectric generator integrated into the measurement station. 25. A method for monitoring at least one parameter of interest relating to a flow conduit having a fluid flow therein, comprising; a) coupling at least one measurement station to said flow conduit at a predetermined location, said measurement station adapted to measure said at least one parameter of interest; b) passing an interrogation device proximate said at least one measurement station; c) transmitting a first signal from said interrogation device to said measurement station, said measurement station measuring said at least one parameter of interest in response thereto; and d) receiving a second signal related to said parameter of interest at said interrogation device transmitted by said measurement station. 26. The method of claim 24 wherein the first signal and the second signal are radio frequency signals. 27. The method of claim 26, wherein the at least one measurement station receives power from said first signal. 28. The method of claim 25 wherein measuring at least one parameter of interest includes measuring at least one parameter selected from a group consisting of (i) corrosion, (ii) pressure, (iii) temperature, (iv) fluid flow state, (v) vibration, (vi) chemical composition, (vii) mechanical strain, (viii) chemical contamination, (ix) radioactive contamination, (x) biological contamination, and (xi) seismic events. 29. The method of claim 25 wherein the interrogation device is at least one of (i) an inspection pig, (ii) an automotive device, and (iii) an aircraft device. 30. A system for determining at least one parameter of interest relating to a flow conduit having a fluid flowing therein, comprising: a) the flow conduit made from a composite material; b) at least one electrical conductor embedded along said flow conduit in said composite material, said at least one electrical conductor adapted to transmit and receive radio frequency signals; and c) a plurality of measurement stations disposed spaced apart along said flow conduit at predetermined locations, each of said plurality of measurement stations adapted to receive a first signal transmitted from said at least one electrical conductor and to transmit a second signal in response thereto related to a measurement of the at least one parameter of interest. 