The present invention relates to flexible fence and gate systems, which are flexible to alterations, have common parts, are easy to assembly, durable, and have long service life. The frame can be made of pre-coated galvanized steel parts. The panel is held in a U-shaped slotted rectangular fence frame formed by a parallel pair of L-shaped retainer angles mounted back-to-back or face-to-face on the stringers to accommodate a wide choice of panel styles, materials and thicknesses without adding any new components. Another feature provides a panel insert which can be sandwiched between two panels to further suppress noise. Another feature relates to adjustable post angle adapters. Another feature relates to a gate width opening adjustment member using a sliding rail at the far end. A bolt threaded insert structure can be used at the gate hinges to distribute the load of the gate across the gate hinge hardware. The configurable fencing system can be configured to allow add on structures for solar panels mounting to generate substantial electrical power. In an embodiment, the add on structure is a framework that holds a large mounting surface area for the solar panels and is capable of adjusting the angle to optimal incident sunlight, with means to relay the generated electrical current to the adjacent fence sections or to the power grid. In another embodiment, without any add on structure or framework, one or both sides of the vertical fence panels can be used as mounting surface for the solar panels as well.
Claims What is claimed: 1. A configurable fence system, comprising: a pair of fence posts, connected by two parallel horizontal fence stringers forming a rectangular fence framework; a pair of longitudinal cross section L-shaped retainer angles, with a parallel separation to be defined by the thickness of the panel to be inserted, mounted on each of the inner surface of the rectangular fence framework in an orientation of either face-to-face or back-to-back to form an enclosed slotted rectangular fence framework; and at least one fence panel is inserted into the enclosed slotted rectangular fence framework to form a section of the fence. 2. The configurable fence system of claim 1, wherein each component of the slotted rectangular fence framework is formed of sheet metal of predetermined length pre-coated on both sides. 3. The configurable fence system of claim 1, wherein the at least one fence panel includes a lattice fence panel. 4. The configurable fence system of claim 1, wherein fence styles and panel material used can be changed or modified after assembly, but the slotted rectangular fence framework remains fixed. 5. The configurable fence system of claim 1, wherein the enclosed slot width of the rectangular framework can be adjusted to allow insertion of different panel thicknesses without changing rectangular fence framework. 6. The configurable fence system of claim 1, further comprising a post angle adapter, wherein the fence sections can be connected at a non-perpendicular angle by connecting to the post angle adapter. 7. The configurable fence system of claim 1, wherein the fence panel comprises fence panels sandwiching a middle panel insert either partially or entirely under compression to suppress noise. 8. The configurable fence system of claim 1, wherein at least one adjustable gate structure is used as an access opening. 9. The configurable fence system of claim 1, wherein the adjustable gate structure is attached to the fence section at the fence post using a plurality of gate hinges, a plurality of screws and a plurality of gate post threaded inserts. 10. The configurable fence system of claim 1, wherein the rectangular fence framework further includes: a metal flange welded to the fence framework; a plurality of gate hinges welded onto the rectangular gate frame; at least one gate panel is inserted onto the rectangular gate frame; a plurality of gate post threaded inserts and hardware to help distribute suspended load stress are used to attach the gate frame to the post member; and a gate width opening adjuster is attached to the far end of the gate that allows gate width adjustment. 11. An adjustable gate structure, comprising: a rectangular gate frame with a metal flange welded on; a plurality of gate hinges welded onto the rectangular gate frame; at least one gate panel is inserted onto the rectangular gate frame; a plurality of gate post threaded inserts and hardware to help distribute suspended load stress are used to attach the gate frame to the post member; and a gate width opening adjuster is attached to the far end of the gate that allows gate width adjustment without adding a lip or a shim to the gate. 12. The adjustable gate structure of claim 11, wherein each component of the rectangular gate frame is formed of sheet metal of predetermined length precoated on both sides. 13. The adjustable gate structure of claim 11, wherein a plurality of gate panels inserted can include a lattice gate panel. 14. The adjustable gate structure of claim 11, wherein gate styles, gate panel material and thicknesses can be changed or modified but the gate framework parts remain substantially identical. 15. A threaded insert bolt structure clamping first and second surfaces, comprising: a head that overlaps the first surface after insertion in a hole in the first surface and strong enough to be held in position by a tool; a smooth cylindrical body extending from the head; and a tail end extending from the body that is blind drilled and internally threaded to mate with a machine screw. 16. The structure of claim 15, wherein the tail end has a smaller diameter than the outer diameter of the body. 17. The structure of claim 15, wherein if the gate post threaded insert and the standard machine screw are swaged, clamp compression is formed between the overlapped surface of the head and the machine screw. 18. A configurable fence system with a solar system, comprising: a pair of fence posts, connected by two parallel horizontal fence stringers forming a rectangular fence framework; a pair of longitudinal cross section L-shaped retainer angles, with a parallel separation to be defined by the thickness of the panel to be inserted, mounted on each of the inner surface of the rectangular fence framework in an orientation of either face-to-face or back-to-back to form an enclosed slotted rectangular fence framework; and at least one fence panel is a solar panel inserted into the enclosed slotted rectangular fence framework to form a section of the fence. 19. A configurable fence system having solar panel(s), comprising: a pair of fence posts, connected by two parallel horizontal fence stringers forming a rectangular fence framework; a pair of longitudinal cross section L-shaped retainer angles, with a parallel separation to be defined by the thickness of the panel to be inserted, mounted on each of the inner surface of the rectangular fence framework in an orientation of either face-to-face or back-to-back to form an enclosed slotted rectangular fence framework; a support structure extending from or secured to the rectangular fence framework including mounting surface(s) for solar panel(s); and solar panel(s) secured to the mounting surface(s). 20. The system of claim 18 or 19, wherein the mounting surface(s) can be tilted manually with respect to the fence for exposure to sunlight. 21. The system of claim 18 or 19, further comprising a closed loop control system including a motor coupled to the mounting surfaces to tilt the mounting surfaces with respect to the fence to maximize the amount of sunlight captured. 22. The system of claim 18 or 19, wherein the length of the mounting surface(s) is parallel to the length of the horizontal stringers. 23. The system of claim 18 or 19, further comprising a mechanism to allow mounting surface angle adjustment for optimal exposure to the incident sunlight by manual adjustment or by automatic self adjustment through integrated solar detection and feedback control to motorized adjustment mechanisms. 24. The system of claim 18 or 19, wherein the support structure includes a conduit to house the electrical wiring from the solar panels to other fence sections or to a power grid. 25. A solar system adapted to mount on a fence, comprising: a support structure mounted along the top length of the fence; a first mounting surface extending from or secured to the supporting structure; a first solar panel on the first mounting surface; a second mounting surface extending from or secured to the supporting structure; and a second solar panel on the second mounting surface. 26. The system of claim 25, further comprising means for tilting the first mounting surface and the second mounting surface with respect to the fence for optimal exposure to the sunlight. 27. The system of claim 26, wherein the means for tilting is coupled to a motor and a solar detection and feedback control system for motorized adjustment. 28. The system of claim 26, wherein the means for tilting is capable of manual adjustment. 