A communication system includes at least one optical-wireless device coupled to a longitudinal side of an optical fiber. The optical-wireless device may include an optical fiber power unit for converting optical power into electrical power, and a wireless communication unit electrically powered by the optical fiber power unit. The optical-wireless device may include a substrate mounting the optical fiber power unit and the wireless communication unit to the longitudinal side of the optical fiber. The wireless communication unit may include a radio frequency transmitter, and a signal optical grating coupling the transmitter to the longitudinal side of the optical fiber. The radio frequency transmitter in some embodiments may include an ultra-wideband transmitter. A dipole antenna may also be provided including first and second portions extending in opposite directions along the longitudinal side of the optical fiber.
Claims That which is claimed is: 1. A communication system comprising: an optical fiber; and at least one optical-wireless device coupled to a longitudinal side of said optical fiber and comprising an optical fiber power unit coupled to said optical fiber for converting optical power therein into electrical power, and a wireless communication unit electrically powered by said optical fiber power unit and coupled to said optical fiber. 2. A communication system according to claim 1 wherein said at least one optical-wireless device further comprises a substrate mounting said optical fiber power unit and said wireless communication unit to the longitudinal side of said optical fiber. 3. A communication system according to claim 1 wherein said optical fiber power unit comprises a photovoltaic device and a power optical grating coupling said photovoltaic device to the longitudinal side of said optical fiber. 4. A communication system according to claim 1 wherein said wireless communication unit comprises a radio frequency transmitter and a signal optical grating coupling said radio frequency transmitter to the longitudinal side of said optical fiber. 5. A communication system according to claim 4 wherein said radio frequency transmitter comprises an ultra-wideband transmitter. 6. A communication system according to claim 5 wherein said ultra-wideband transmitter comprises: an optical detector having an input coupled to said signal optical grating and having an output; an amplifier having an input connected to the output of said optical detector and having an output; a pseudorandom code generator having an output; a multiplier having inputs connected to the outputs of said amplifier and pseudorandom code generator, and having an output; a pulse generator having an input connected to the output of said multiplier, and having an output; and an antenna connected to the output of said pulse generator. 7. A communication system according to claim 6 wherein said antenna comprises a dipole antenna. 8. A communication system according to claim 7 wherein said dipole antenna comprises first and second portions extending in opposite directions along the longitudinal side of said optical fiber. 9. A communication system according to claim 1 wherein said optical fiber comprises a core and a cladding surrounding said core; and wherein said optical fiber power unit and said wireless communication unit are coupled to said core. 10. A communication system according to claim 1 wherein said wireless communication unit comprises a wireless transmitter; and further comprising at least one wireless receiver spaced from said wireless transmitter and receiving signals therefrom. 11. A communication system according to claim 1 wherein said wireless communication unit comprises a wireless receiver; and further comprising at least one wireless transmitter spaced from said wireless receiver and transmitting signals thereto. 12. A communication system according to claim 1 wherein said at least one optical-wireless device comprises a plurality of optical-wireless devices coupled to said optical fiber at spaced apart locations along the longitudinal side of said optical fiber. 13. A communications system according to claim 1 wherein said wireless communication unit operates at a first optical wavelength; and further comprising an optical power source coupled to said optical fiber for powering said optical fiber power unit and operating at a second wavelength different than the first optical wavelength. 14. An optical-wireless device to be coupled to a longitudinal side of an optical fiber and comprising: a substrate for coupling to the longitudinal side of the optical fiber; an optical fiber power unit carried by said substrate to be coupled to said optical fiber for converting optical power therein into electrical power; and a wireless communication unit carried by said substrate, electrically powered by said optical fiber power unit, and to be coupled to the optical fiber. 15. An optical-wireless device according to claim 14 wherein said optical fiber power unit comprises a photovoltaic device and a power optical grating for coupling said photovoltaic device to the optical fiber. 16. An optical-wireless device according to claim 14 wherein said wireless communication unit comprises a radio frequency transmitter and a signal optical grating for coupling said radio frequency transmitter to the optical fiber. 17. An optical-wireless device according to claim 16 wherein said radio frequency transmitter comprises an ultra-wideband transmitter. 18. An optical-wireless device according to claim 17 wherein said ultra-wideband transmitter comprises: an optical detector having an input coupled to said second optical grating and having an output; an amplifier having an input connected to the output of said optical detector and having an output; a pseudorandom code generator having an output; a multiplier having inputs connected to the outputs of said amplifier and pseudorandom code generator, and having an output; a pulse generator having an input connected to the output of said multiplier, and having an output; and an antenna connected to the output of said pulse generator. 19. An optical-wireless device to be coupled to a longitudinal side of an optical fiber and comprising: a substrate to be coupled to the longitudinal side of the optical fiber; a wireless communication unit carried by said substrate and to be coupled to the optical fiber; and an antenna connected to said wireless communication unit and to be carried by the optical fiber. 20. An optical-wireless device according to claim 19 wherein said antenna comprises a dipole antenna. 21. An optical-wireless device according to claim 20 wherein said dipole antenna comprises first and second portions to extend in opposite directions along the longitudinal side of the optical fiber. 22. An optical-wireless device according to claim 19 wherein said wireless communication unit comprises a radio frequency transmitter and a signal optical grating for coupling said radio frequency transmitter to the optical fiber. 23. An optical-wireless device according to claim 22 wherein said radio frequency transmitter comprises an ultra-wideband transmitter. 24. An optical-wireless device according to claim 23 wherein said ultra-wideband transmitter comprises: an optical detector having an input coupled to said optical grating and having an output; an amplifier having an input connected to the output of said optical detector and having an output; a pseudorandom code generator having an output; a multiplier having inputs connected to the outputs of said amplifier and pseudorandom code generator, and having an output; and a pulse generator having an input connected to the output of said multiplier, and having an output connected to said antenna. 25. An optical-wireless device to be coupled to an optical fiber and comprising: a substrate to be coupled to the optical fiber; and an ultra-wideband wireless communication unit carried by said substrate and to be coupled to the optical fiber. 26. An optical-wireless according to claim 25 wherein said substrate is to be coupled to a longitudinal side of the optical fiber. 27. An optical-wireless according to claim 25 wherein said ultra-wideband communication unit comprises an ultra-wideband transmitter and a signal optical grating for coupling said ultra-wideband transmitter to the optical fiber. 28. An optical-wireless device according to claim 27 wherein said ultra-wideband transmitter comprises: an optical detector having an input coupled to said signal optical grating and having an output; an amplifier having an input connected to the output of said optical detector and having an output; a pseudorandom code generator having an output; a multiplier having inputs connected to the outputs of said amplifier and said pseudorandom code generator, said multiplier also having an output; a pulse generator having an input connected to the output of said multiplier, and having an output; and an antenna to be carried by the optical fiber and connected to the output of said pulse generator. 29. An optical-wireless device according to claim 28 wherein said antenna comprises a dipole antenna. 30. An optical-wireless device according to claim 29 wherein said dipole antenna comprises first and second portions to extend in opposite directions along the longitudinal side of the optical fiber. 31. A method for optical-wireless communication comprising: coupling at least one optical-wireless device to a longitudinal side of an optical fiber, the at least one optical-wireless device comprising an optical fiber power unit and a wireless communication unit connected thereto; supplying optical power into the optical fiber; converting the optical power in the optical fiber into electrical power using the optical fiber power unit; and electrically powering the wireless communication unit for optical-wireless communication using the electrical power converted from the optical power. 32. A method according to claim 31 wherein the optical-wireless device further comprises a substrate carrying the optical fiber power unit and the wireless communication unit; and wherein coupling comprises coupling the substrate to the longitudinal side of the optical fiber. 33. A method according to claim 31 wherein the wireless communication unit comprises a radio frequency transmitter and a signal optical grating coupling the radio frequency transmitter to the longitudinal side of the optical fiber. 34. A method according to claim 33 wherein the radio frequency transmitter comprises an ultra-wideband transmitter. 35. A method according to claim 31 wherein the optical-wireless communication device further comprises a dipole antenna including first and second portions; and wherein coupling comprises mounting the first and second portions to extend in opposite directions along the longitudinal side of the optical fiber. 36. A method according to claim 31 wherein the optical fiber comprises a core and a cladding surrounding the core; and wherein coupling comprises coupling the optical fiber power unit and the wireless communication unit to the core. 37. A method according to claim 31 wherein the wireless communication unit operates at a first optical wavelength; and wherein supplying optical power comprises supplying optical power at a second wavelength different than the first optical wavelength. 