An aerial cableway system has an endless, closed load-bearing and conveying cable which, in the terminal stations, is guided over drive or deflection wheels. Transportation devices, such as cabins and chairs, can be fixed to the load-bearing and conveying cable via a suspension bar in each case. A bearing at the lower end of the suspension bar mounts the transportation device such that it can rotate about an at least approximately vertical axis. The bearing is attached to the suspension bar via a damping device.
Claims I claim: 1. A cableway system, comprising: terminal stations formed with deflection wheels; an endless load-bearing and conveying cable extending between said terminal stations and traveling about said deflection wheels in said terminal stations; transportation devices each having a load-bearing suspension bar to be clamped to said cable for slaving the respective said transportation device along between said terminal stations; a bearing for rotatably mounting said transportation device to said suspension bar about a substantially vertical axis; and a damping device disposed to damp the mounting between said bearing and said suspension bar. 2. The cableway system according to claim 1, which comprises a substantially horizontal beam disposed at a lower end of said suspension bar, and damping elements having first ends attached to said beam and second ends attached to said bearing. 3. The cableway system according to claim 1, wherein said transportation device is a cableway cabin with a roof, and a drive motor is disposed on said roof of said cableway cabin, for rotating said cableway cabin relative to said suspension bar. 4. The cableway system according to claim 1, which further comprises solar elements supported on said transportation device. 5. The cableway system according to claim 3, which further comprises solar elements supported on said roof of said cableway cabin. 6. The cableway system according to claim 1, wherein said transportation devices are cabins or chairs. 7. In a cableway system with an endless load-bearing and conveying cable extending between terminal stations and traveling about deflection wheels in the terminal stations, a transportation device to be clamped to the cable for traveling between the terminal stations and to be uncoupled from the cable in the terminal stations for persons to disembark and embark, the transportation device comprising: a suspension bar with a clamping device to be clamped to the cable; a cabin for transporting persons between the terminal stations; and a damped bearing for rotatably mounting said cabin to said suspension bar about a substantially vertical axis, said damped bearing having a damping device for damping a mounting of said cabin on said suspension bar. 