The claimed invention is a human sleeping chamber for use in areas where either space is minimal, where additional soundproofing or privacy is desired or where the chambers may be temporarily placed due to inherent portability. The chambers feature a durable, soundproof, and weatherproof outer shell, encasing a mattress and various comforts desired in an overnight accommodation. The chambers may be adapted for permanent to semi-permanent placement, or for portability, such as for the back of vehicles or as temporary shelter in cases of emergency. The preferred embodiments also feature ventilation, heating and cooling systems.
Claims 1. A human sleeping chamber comprising: a. An outer casing, having an interior and an exterior; b. An inner casing, having an interior and an exterior and located within the interior of the outer casing, defining a space between the exterior of the inner and interior of the outer casings; c. thermal insulation, located in the space between the inner and outer casings; d. a ventilation system capable of distributing air from outside the casings into the inside casing, said ventilation system having a control unit located within the inner casing; e. a thermal control system operably connected to the ventilation system, said system further having a control unit located within the inner casing; f. a power system, operably coupled to the ventilation and thermal control systems g. a door, lockable from inside the inner casing, ingress and egress within the inner casing; and h. a mattress located on a floor inside the inner casing. 2. The human sleeping chamber of claim 1, further comprising an exterior surveillance system, said exterior surveillance system further comprising a camera having a view outside the outer casing, a monitor, operably connected to the camera, and a control system operably connected to the camera and the monitor, said surveillance system likewise operably connected to the power system. 3. The human sleeping chamber of claim 1, further comprising a lighting system, operable from within the inner casing and operably connected to the power system. 4. The human sleeping chamber of claim 1, further comprising an entertainment system, said entertainment system further comprising at least one component selected from the set of components consisting of a television set, a computer, a radio, and a video game system. 5. The human sleeping chamber of claim 1, further comprising a communications system, said communications system further comprising at least one component selected from the set of components consisting of a telephone and an intercom. 6. The human sleeping chamber of claim 1, further comprising a control panel, mounted on the interior of the inner casing, said control panel featuring controls for any of the chamber's user operable systems. 7. The human sleeping chamber of claim 1, further comprising a water inlet. 8. The human sleeping chamber of claim 1, further comprising a vending system, operably connected to the door, allowing users to purchase access to the chamber. 9. The human sleeping chamber of claim 1, further comprising a secondary door, lockable from the interior of the inner casing. 10. The human sleeping chamber of claim 1, the outer casing being adapted to fit inside a motor vehicle cargo area. 11. The human sleeping chamber of claim 1, further comprising a solar energy collector, operably connected to the power system. 12. T Te human sleeping chamber of claim 1, further comprising a solar energy collector, operably connected to the thermal control system. 13. The human sleeping chamber of claim 1, the powers system further comprising at least one fuel cell. 