The specification and drawing figures describe and show a mounting apparatus. The mounting apparatus includes a sleeve. The sleeve is formed with a plurality of spaced-apart substantially parallel slots. The sleeve is removably engageable with one end of a pole on which it is desired to mount one or more devices. Connectors are included that fit adjustably and removably into the plurality of spaced-apart substantially parallel slots. In addition, at least one bar is included. Each bar is formed with a plurality of apertures. The apertures permit variably positioning the bar on the connectors. A cap also is provided. The cap is connected to one end of the sleeve and engageable with one end of the pole. The mounting apparatus includes a variety of ways to secure the mounting apparatus to a pole. This abstract is provided to comply with rules requiring an abstract that will allow a searcher or other reader to quickly ascertain the subject matter of the technical disclosure, but this abstract is not to be used to interpret or limit the scope or meaning of any claim.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A mounting apparatus, comprising: a sleeve formed with a plurality of spaced-apart substantially parallel slots, wherein the sleeve is rotatably and removably engageable with one end of a pole; one or more self-locking connectors movably insertable in the plurality of spaced-apart substantially parallel slots; and at least one bar formed with an aperture for variably positioning the at least one bar on the one or more connectors. 2. A mounting apparatus as recited in claim 1, further comprising a cap connectable to one the sleeve and engageable with the end of the pole. 3. A mounting apparatus as recited in claim 2, wherein the sleeve is formed from at least two interlockable channels. 4. A mounting apparatus as recited in claim 3, wherein the at least two interlockable channels are substantially identical. 5. A mounting apparatus as recited in claim 4, wherein the at least two interlockable channels are formed with an edge having a longitudinal duct. 6. A mounting apparatus as recited in claim 5, wherein the at least two interlockable channels are formed with a beaded edge slidably engageable with the longitudinal duct. 7. A mounting apparatus as recited in claim 6, wherein the cross-sectional configuration of the sleeve is selected from the group of cross-sectional configurations consisting of circles, semi-circles, squares, triangles, oblongs, hexagons, and heptagons, among other configurations. 8. A mounting apparatus as recited in claim 7, wherein the one or more connectors is selected from the group of connectors consisting of bolts having heads and a threaded end for engagement of a nut, washers formed with holes, rivets, screws, among other connectors. 9. A mounting apparatus as recited in claim 8, further comprising means for securing the apparatus on the pole. 10. A system for mounting a device on a pole, comprising: a sleeve removably engageable with the exposed end of a pole, wherein the sleeve further comprises a monolithically attached bracket; a slot formed adjacent to one border of the bracket; one or more bores formed adjacent the opposing border of the bracket; and a bar repositionably connectable to the slot and to the one or more bores. 11. A system for mounting a device on a pole as recited in claim 10, further comprising a cap formed for contact with the exposed end of the pole. 12. A system for mounting a device on a pole as recited in claim 10, wherein the sleeve, the bracket, and the bar are formed of one or more materials. 13. A system for mounting a device on a pole as recited in claim 12, wherein the one or more materials are selected from the group of materials consisting of aluminum, steel, resin, plastic, and metal. 14. A system for mounting a device on a pole as recited in claim 10, further comprising a self-locking connector connectable to the slot and to the bar. 15. A system for mounting a device on a pole as recited in claim 10, further comprising means for variably positioning the bar on the bracket. 16. A system for mounting a device on a pole as recited in claim 10, further comprising means for attaching the device to the bar. 17. A system for mounting a device on a pole as recited in claim 10, wherein the device is one or more solar panels. 18. A system for mounting a device on a pole as recited in claim 10, wherein the device is one or more positionable transmitters. 19. A system for mounting a device on a pole as recited in claim 10, wherein the device is one or more positionable receivers. 20. A system for mounting a device on a pole as recited in claim 19, wherein the one or more positionable receivers is a satellite dish. 21. A system for mounting a device on a pole as recited in claim 10, further comprising means for securing the apparatus on the pole. 22. A method for variably positioning a device on a pole, comprising: selecting a material for forming a sleeve; shaping the material to form a sleeve with at least one slot; configuring the sleeve to be removably engageable with the pole; inserting one or more connectors in the slot; shaping the material into at least one bar; forming one or more apertures in the at least one bar for mountable engagement on the one or more connectors; and including a cap connectable to one end of the sleeve. 23. A method for variably positioning a device on a pole as recited in claim 22, wherein the sleeve shaping step includes the substeps of: forming at least two interlockable substantially identical channels; shaping each of the two interlockable substantially identical channels to provide an edge having a longitudinal duct; and shaping each of the two interlockable substantially identical channels to provide another edge having a beaded edge slidably insertable into the longitudinal duct. 24. A method for variably positioning a device on a pole as recited in claim 22, wherein the one or more connectors inserting step includes the substep of inserting one or more bolts having heads and a threaded end for engagement of a nut and a washer. 25. A method for variably positioning a device on a pole as recited in claim 22, further comprising the substep of providing means for securing the sleeve on the pole. 