Methods and apparatus are disclosed for measuring, collecting and responding to the measured amounts of particulate matter in a flowing air stream. Air stream filtering collects particulate matter on the filter media. At some point the collected particulate matter can clog the filter to the point where it can reduce the air flow to less than desirable levels or even block air flow to cause over heating or other dangerous conditions to occur. A fully automated and self checking electronic system is provided to monitor and control apparatus and to cause alarm or shutoff signals to be generated.
Claims I claim and wish to protect by Letters Patent: 1. Apparatus for detecting accumulated particulates collected from a flowing air stream, comprising: a particulate accumulator located in the flowing air stream for collecting and accumulating particulates from the flowing air stream; a radiation source located upstream in the flowing air stream from the particulate accumulator for directing radiation through the particulate accumulator; a radiation detector for detecting the level of radiation transmitted from the radiation source through the particulate accumulator; and signal means for providing a signal upon the radiation detector sensing a low level of transmitted radiation indicative of a preselected accumulation of particulates on the particulate accumulator. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the particulate accumulator comprises a screen having a screen mesh of a size sufficient, when the screen is substantially free of accumulated particulates, for the passage of air from the flowing air stream and sufficient for accumulation of particulates from the flowing air stream. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the radiation detector is located downstream from the particulate detector. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising: a radiation reflector located downstream from the particulate accumulator for receiving radiation transmitted from the radiation source through the particulate accumulator and for directing such transmitted radiation to the radiation detector. 5. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein; the radiation detector is located upstream from the particulate accumulator; and the radiation reflector directs the transmitted radiation back through the particulate accumulator to the radiation detector. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the radiation source is an infrared radiation source. 7. The apparatus of claim 6, wherein the radiation source is driven by an energy source selected from the group consisting of: photovoltaic cell; thermocouple; thermopile; and thermoelectric generator. 8. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the signal means produces an audible signal. 9. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the signal means produces a visual signal. 10. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein; the flowing air stream supplies air to an appliance; and the signal means provides a signal for shutting down the appliance. 11. The apparatus of claim 1 and further including an energy source for driving said radiation source, said radiation detector and said signal means which derives its power from a thermoelectric generator. 12. The apparatus of claim 11 wherein said thermoelectric generator is driven by a heat transfer assembly which transfers heat energy from a high temperature portion of the apparatus to a lower temperature portion of the apparatus via a capillary heat transfer assembly. 13. Electronic circuitry useful in detecting accumulated particulates from a flowing air stream collected on a particulate accumulator ,in monitored apparatus, comprising: circuit means for establishing a low level of radiation indicative of a significant amount of accumulated particulate on said particulate accumulator and for providing a comparison base signal corresponding thereto. 14. The circuitry of claim 13 wherein said circuitry is powered by a thermoelectric generator driven by a portion of the operating energy supplied to said monitored apparatus. 15. The circuitry of claim 14 wherein said circuitry indicates readiness of operating power for its own operation by use of a cascaded series of logic comparison gates. 16. The circuitry of claim 15 and further including circuit means for providing a signal representative of real time particulate accumulation in said monitored apparatus and for comparing said real time particulate accumulation signal with said comparison base signal to derive an output signal indicative of safe and/or dangerous operating conditions in said monitored apparatus. 17. The circuitry of claim 16 and further including circuitry for fail safe self checking of its own operation and for providing a fail signal and/or shutdown condition signal if some parameter of the system or some circuitry component fails in operation during monitoring of said monitored apparatus. 18. The circuitry of claim 17 wherein said thermoelectric generator supplies AC power to said circuitry. 19. The circuitry of claim 17 wherein said thermoelectric generator supplies DC power to said circuitry. 20. The circuitry of claim 17 wherein said circuitry further includes power conversion circuitry for converting AC to DC power or DC to AC power. 21. Electronic circuitry useful for detecting accumulated particulates collected from a flowing air stream on a particulate accumulator in monitored apparatus, comprising: circuit means for establishing a low level of transmitted radiation from said particulate accumulator indicative of a potential critical temperature of said monitored apparatus being reached and for supplying a fail safe signal capable of shutting off the monitored system 