An apparatus, system, and method of mounting a photovoltaic module on a structure. The system includes a first element that is mounted on a structure and a first clamp that engages the first element and that secures the photovoltaic module with respect to the structure. The first clamp includes a body that is adapted to be positioned with respect to the photovoltaic module, and a jaw that pivots about a pivot axis between first and second configurations relative to the body. The first configuration permits non-coaxial displacement with respect to the pivot axis by the first clamp relative to the first element, and the second configuration generally prevents non-coaxial displacement with respect to the pivot axis by the first clamp relative to the first element. The jaw includes a handling end that is operated from above the photovoltaic module, and an operating end that cooperates with the first element.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A system of mounting a photovoltaic module on a structure, the photovoltaic module including at least one photovoltaic cell converting solar energy to electricity and including a first module face receiving the solar energy and a second module face generally confronting the structure, the system comprising: a first element adapted to be mounted with respect to the structure; and a first clamp engaging the first element and adapted to secure the photovoltaic module with respect to the structure, the first clamp including: a body adapted to be positioned with respect to the photovoltaic module; and a jaw pivoting about a pivot axis between first and second configurations relative to the body, the first configuration permitting non-coaxial displacement with respect to the pivot axis by the first clamp relative to the first element, and the second configuration generally preventing non-coaxial displacement with respect to the pivot axis by the first clamp relative to the first element, the jaw including: a handling end adapted to be operated from the first module face of the photovoltaic module; and an operating end cooperating with the first element. 2. The system according to claim 1, wherein the body is adapted to be fixed with respect to the photovoltaic module. 3. The system according to claim 1, wherein the body is adapted to be variably positioned with respect to the photovoltaic module. 4. The system according to claim 1, wherein the second configuration of the jaw relative to the body prevents coaxial displacement along the pivot axis of the first clamp relative to the first element. 5. The system according to claim 1, wherein the first element comprises an elongated member extending along a mounting axis. 6. The system according to claim 5, wherein the first element comprises a bracket locating the elongated member with respect to the structure. 7. The system according to claim 5, wherein the first element comprises a tube. 8. The system according to claim 5, wherein the body comprises a first surface cooperating with the first element and the operating end comprises a second surface cooperating with the first element, and the second configuration of the jaw relative to the body comprises the first and second surfaces extending about a majority of the mounting axis. 9. The system according to claim 1, further comprising: a lock preventing the first clamp from being reconfigured from the second configuration to the first configuration, the lock being adapted to be operated from the first module face of the photovoltaic module. 10. The system according to claim 9, wherein the lock comprises a wedge contiguously interposed between the body and the jaw. 11. The system according to claim 10, wherein the wedge is contiguously interposed between the body and the handling end of the jaw. 12. The system according to claim 1, further comprising: a resilient element biasing the jaw toward the second configuration 13. The system according to claim 1, further comprising: a second element adapted to be mounted with respect to the structure; and a second clamp engaging the second element and adapted to secure the photovoltaic module with respect to the structure. 14. The system according to claim 13, wherein the second element extends parallel to the first element, and the second clamp is spaced from the first clamp. 15. The system according to claim 1, further comprising: a chase extending along a chase axis and adapted to be secured to the photovoltaic module, the chase including an opening extending parallel to the chase axis; and a cap extending along the chase axis and being engageable with the chase, a first arrangement of the cap with respect to the chase providing access through the opening and a second arrangement of the cap occluding the opening. 16. The system according to claim 15, wherein the chase defines a wire raceway adapted to shield wires electrically interconnecting the photovoltaic module. 17. The system according to claim 15, wherein the chase comprises a generally C-shaped cross-section orthogonal to the chase axis, and the cap comprises a plate closing the C-shaped cross-section. 18. The system according to claim 17, wherein the chase comprises an attachment plate partially occluding an axial end of the chase. 19. The system according to claim 18, wherein the attachment plate provides a mechanical coupling for a wiring conduit. 20. An apparatus for mounting a photovoltaic module on a tube, the photovoltaic module including at least one photovoltaic cell converting solar energy to electricity and including a first module face receiving the solar energy and a second module face generally confronting the structure, the apparatus comprising: a body adapted to be positioned with respect to the photovoltaic module; and a jaw pivoting about a pivot axis between first and second configurations relative to the body, the first configuration permitting non-coaxial displacement with respect to the pivot axis by the first clamp relative to the tube, and the second configuration generally preventing non-coaxial displacement with respect to the pivot axis by the first clamp relative to the tube, the jaw including: a handling end adapted to be operated from the first module face of the photovoltaic module; and an operating end adapted to cooperate with the tube. 21. An apparatus for interconnecting a photovoltaic module, the photovoltaic module including at least one photovoltaic cell converting solar energy to electricity and including a first module face receiving the solar energy, a second module face generally confronting the structure, and an edge extending between the first and second module faces, the apparatus comprising: a wire raceway extending along an axis and adapted to be secured to the edge of the photovoltaic module, the wire raceway including a generally C-shaped cross-section orthogonal to the axis and including an opening extending parallel to the axis; a cap extending along the axis and being engageable with the wire raceway to close the C-shaped cross-section, a first arrangement of the cap with respect to the wire raceway providing access through the opening and a second arrangement of the cap with respect to the wire raceway occluding the opening; an attachment plate partially occluding an axial end of the wire raceway, the attachment plate providing a mechanical coupling to a wiring conduit; and at least three wires extending generally along the axis and adapted to electrically interconnect the photovoltaic module, the wires being shielded in the second arrangement of the cap with respect to the wire raceway. 22. A photovoltaic module for mounting on a structure via a mounting element, the photovoltaic module comprising: first and second module faces and an edge that extends between the first and second module faces, the first module face receiving solar energy and the second module face being adapted to generally confront the structure; a plurality of photovoltaic cells being commonly supported by a base, each of the photovoltaic cells converting the solar energy to electricity; a manual attachment, the manual attachment being adapted to releasably secure the base with respect to the mounting element; a junction box supported on the base and shielding electrical coupling to the plurality of photovoltaic cells; and a wire raceway extending from the junction box along the edge. 23. The photovoltaic module according to claim 22, wherein the manual attachment comprises a clamp including a body and a jaw, the body being positioned along the edge, and the jaw pivoting about a pivot axis between first and second configurations relative to the body, the first configuration permitting displacement of the body from the mounting element, and the second configuration generally preventing displacement of the body from the mounting element; 24. The photovoltaic module according to claim 23, wherein the jaw comprises handling and operating ends, the handling end being operated solely from the first module face, and the operating end cooperating at the second module face with the mounting element. 25. The photovoltaic module according to claim 23, wherein the wire raceway includes a channel having a generally C-shaped cross-section and a cap being engageable with the channel to close the C-shaped cross-section. 26. A method of mounting a photovoltaic module on a support structure, the photovoltaic module including at least one photovoltaic cell converting solar energy to electricity and including a first module face receiving the solar energy, a second module face generally confronting the support structure, and an edge extending between the first and second module faces, the method comprising: positioning the photovoltaic module with respect to the support structure; and securing without tools the photovoltaic module to the support structure. 27. The method according to claim 26, wherein the securing comprises clamping the photovoltaic module with respect to the structure, the clamping consisting essentially of operating a clamp from the first module face of the photovoltaic module. 28. The method according to claim 26, further comprising: interconnecting electrically the photovoltaic module, the interconnecting occurring within a wire raceway having a generally C-shaped cross-section and being secured to the edge of the photovoltaic module. 29. The method according to claim 28, further comprising: closing the C-shaped cross-section with a cap, the closing including shielding at least three wires extending within the wire raceway. 