An HMI device for monitoring and control of a technical process, which has a processing module (VE) at least for computer generating dynamic process images (PA1) that have interactive regions (P10-P15). Further, at least one optical transmitter and receiver module (LPE1) is provided, which has a data link (DV1) to the processing module (VE). The module has a projector (LO1) for generating light images (PE) of the dynamic process images (PA1). Further, it has a detector (LD) for spatially detecting pointing actions of an operator (H) to interactive regions (P10-P15) in the light image (PE) of a dynamic process image (PA1).
Claims What is claimed is: 1. HMI device for monitoring and control of a technical process, comprising: a) a processing module, at least for computer-generating dynamic process images that have interactive regions, and b) at least one optical transmitter and receiver module that has a data link to the processing module, and has b1) a projection means for generating light images of at least one of the dynamic process images and b2) a detection means for spatially detecting pointing actions of an operator to at least one of the interactive regions in the light image of the at least one dynamic process image. 2. HMI device as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a support plate providing a projection area for the light image of the at least one dynamic process image. 3. HMI device as claimed in claim 2, wherein the at least one optical transmitter and receiver module is mounted to the support plate and the processing module is mounted behind the support plate. 4. HMI device as claimed in claim 3, wherein the at least one optical transmitter and receiver module is mounted in a lateral edge area of the support plate. 5. HMI device as claimed in claim 3, wherein the support plate has edge lengths longer than respective edge lengths of the processing module, wherein the processing module is configured to insert into a mounting opening in a mounting surface, and wherein the support plate completely covers the mounting opening. 6. HMI device as claimed in claim 5, wherein the support plate is hermetically sealed over the mounting opening. 7. HMI device as claimed in claim 2, wherein the support plate, the optical transmitter and receiver module and the processing module are configured as a physical unit. 8. HMI device as claimed in claim 2, wherein the support plate has a hermetic seal at least circumferentially along edges of the support plate. 9. HMI device as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a mobile handheld terminal housing and an external housing side providing a projection area for the light image of the at least one dynamic process image. 10. HMI device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the at least one optical transmitter and receiver module and the processing module are configured as a physical unit such that the optical transmitter and receiver module retracts into a recess in the processing module. 11. HMI device as claimed in claim 10, wherein the physical unit further comprises a servo drive retracting and extending the optical transmitter and receiver module into and from the recess of the processing module. 12. HMI device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the optical transmitter and receiver module comprises separate projection elements respectively for different primary colors for projecting the light images in color. 13. HMI device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the optical transmitter and receiver module comprises separate detection elements for resolving at least one of a safety-related two-handed control and a multi-finger control of the at least one dynamic process image. 14. HMI device as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a wireless data link between the processing module and an external central processing unit. 15. HMI device as claimed in claim 14, wherein the central processing unit includes an automation system. 16. HMI device as claimed in claim 1, further comprising at least one solar cell, at least for supplying power to the optical transmitter and receiver module and to the processing module. 17. HMI device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the optical transmitter and receiver module has a configurable detection threshold for adjusting the sensitivity of the optical transmitter and receiver module. 18. HMI device as claimed in claim 1, wherein at least the optical transmitter and receiver module is completely sealed for underwater applications. 19. HMI device as claimed in claim 1, wherein at least the optical transmitter and receiver module is encapsulated. 20. An apparatus comprising: at least one HMI device configured to monitor and control a technical process, comprising: a processing module, at least for computer-generating dynamic process images that have interactive regions, and at least one optical transmitter and receiver module that has a data link to the processing module, and has: a projector generating light images of at least one of the dynamic process images and a detector spatially detecting pointing actions of an operator to at least one of the interactive regions in the light image of the at least one dynamic process image; and a mounting device for the at least one HMI device. 21. The apparatus according to claim 20, wherein the mounting device has a mounting opening in a mounting surface and rear wall mount for a physical unit including the at least one optical transmitter and receiver module and the processing module, and wherein the mounting opening and the rear wall mount are configured such that only the optical transmitter and receiver module projects through the mounting surface and the mounting device provides a projection area for the at least one dynamic process image. 22. The apparatus according to claim 20, wherein the mounting device is a switchgear cabinet. 23. The apparatus according to claim 20, wherein the mounting device is at least one of an operator console and a control console. 24. The apparatus according to claim 20, wherein the mounting device is a control panel. 25. Automation system which acts upon a technical installation, comprising: at least one human-machine interface configured to interface between an operator and the technical installation, comprising: a processing module, at least for computer-generating dynamic process images that have interactive regions, and at least one optical transmitter and receiver module that has a data link to the processing module, a projector generating light images of at least one of the dynamic process images, and a detector spatially detecting pointing actions of the operator to at least one of the interactive regions in the light image of the at least one dynamic process image. 