An irrigation control system in which a device (irrigation scheduler) automatically modifies irrigation schedules of installed irrigation controllers to affect irrigating of the landscape based on the water requirements of the landscape plants and comprises: an irrigation controller programmed to execute an irrigation schedule by closing an electrical circuit connecting the controller and a plurality of irrigation valves; and using an irrigation scheduler to: (a) monitor a plurality of control signals output by the irrigation controller by monitoring a current passing over a single common wire connecting the irrigation controller to the plurality of irrigation valves; and (b) selectively interrupt the circuit to execute an improved irrigation schedule. Preferably the microprocessor uses either an ETo value or weather data used in calculating the ETo value to at least partially derive the improved irrigation schedule.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A method of controlling irrigation, comprising: providing an irrigation controller programmed to execute an irrigation schedule by closing an electrical circuit connecting the controller and a plurality of irrigation valves; an irrigation scheduler monitoring a plurality of control signals output by the irrigation controller by analyzing a current passing over a common wire connecting the irrigation controller to the plurality of irrigation valves; and the irrigation scheduler selectively interrupting the electrical circuit to execute an improved irrigation schedule. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the step of monitoring comprises detecting at least some of the plurality of control signals over a period of one week. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the step of monitoring comprises a microprocessor external to the irrigation controller at least partially determining run-time minutes of multiple irrigation stations that are controlled by the irrigation controller. 4. The method of claim 3, wherein the run-time minutes of the multiple irrigation stations comprise at least one of run-time minutes of each irrigation station and total run-time minutes of all irrigation stations. 5. The method of claim 1, further comprising the step of using at least one of an ETo value and a weather data used in calculating the ETo value to at least partially derive the improved irrigation schedule. 6. The method of claim 5, wherein the weather data is at least one of temperature, humidity, solar radiation, and wind. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein the step of monitoring comprises a microprocessor external to the irrigation controller at least partially determining run-time minutes of multiple stations being executed by the irrigation controller over a period of at least one week; and further comprising the microprocessor using at least one of an ETo value and a weather data used in calculating the ETo value to at least partially derive the improved irrigation schedule. 8. An irrigation scheduler, that cooperates with an irrigation controller having an electrical circuit that extends from the controller to a plurality of irrigation valves, comprising a microprocessor programmed to: derive a first set of information from a plurality of control signals output by the irrigation controller to the plurality of irrigation valves; receive a second set of information comprising at least one of an ETo value and a weather data used in calculating the ETo value; and use the first set of information and the second set of information to interrupt the electrical circuit. 9. The irrigation scheduler of claim 8, wherein the microprocessor is disposed in the irrigation scheduler, and the irrigation scheduler is not an integral part of the irrigation controller. 10. The irrigation scheduler of claim 8, further comprising a switching circuit used by the microprocessor to interrupt the electrical circuit. 11. The irrigation scheduler of claim 8, wherein the plurality of control signals comprises an electrical signal that controls opening and closing of the plurality of irrigation valves. 12. The irrigation scheduler of claim 8, wherein the microprocessor is further programmed to at least in part control run-time minutes of the plurality of irrigation valves as a function of the plurality of control signals. 13. The irrigation scheduler of claim 8, wherein the weather data is at least one of temperature, humidity, solar radiation, and wind. 14. The irrigation scheduler of claim 8, wherein the ETo value comprises a current ETo value. 15. The irrigation scheduler of claim 8, wherein the ETo value comprises an estimated ETo value. 16. The irrigation scheduler of claim 8, wherein the ETo value comprises an historical ETo value. 