A process for making a product with a long-lasting easily cleaned surface is described. During this process a mixture including a hydrolyzable, network-forming gel and a hydrophobic substance is applied to the surface of the product. The gel is preferably formed from SiO.sub.2, Al.sub.2O.sub.3, Fe.sub.2O.sub.3, In.sub.2O.sub.3, SnO.sub.2, ZrO.sub.2, B.sub.2O.sub.3 and/or TiO.sub.2. The hydrophobic substance is preferably chemically linked in the gel network when the coating is formed.
Claims We claim: 1. A process for making a product with a long-lasting, easily-cleaned surface by coating the surface with a hydrophobic and/or dirt-repellent material to form a coating on the surface, said coating having properties that are homogeneous or uniform in cross section through said coating, wherein said process comprises the steps of: a) applying a coating mixture to said surface so as to form a gel network having a backbone on said surface, said coating mixture comprising a hydrolyzable, network-forming gel and a hydrophobic and/or dirt-repellent substance; and b) chemically binding the hydrophobic and/or dirt-repellent substance in the backbone of the gel network on said surface. 2. The process as defined in claim 1, further comprising hardening said gel after said applying. 3. The process as defined in claim 1, wherein said gel network is provided in a hydrogel, an alkogel, a xerogel or an aerogel. 4. The process as defined in claim 1, wherein said gel is formed from SiO.sub.2, Al.sub.2O.sub.3, Fe.sub.2O.sub.3, In.sub.2O.sub.3, SnO.sub.2, ZrO.sub.2, B.sub.2O.sub.3 and/or TiO.sub.2. 5. The process as defined in claim 1, wherein said hydrophobic and/or dirt-repellent substance is a silane. 6. The process as defined in claim 5, wherein said silane has the formula: (CF.sub.xH.sub.y)--(CF.sub.aH.sub.b).sub.n--(CF.sub.a'H.sub.b').sub.m--Si- --(OR).sub.3, wherein x and y, independently of each other, stand for 0, 1, 2 or 3 and x+y=3, and a, a' and b, b', independently of each other, stand for 0, 1 or 2, and a+b as well as a'+b'=2, and n and m, independently of each other, denote an integer from 0 to 20 and together add up to a maximum of 30, and R is a straight-chain, branched, saturated or unsaturated, optionally heteroatom-containing, C.sub.1-C.sub.8-alkyl or aminoalkyl group. 7. The process as defined in claim 1, wherein said coating mixture is an organometallic sol solution that is hydrolyzable to form said gel network after dissolving said hydrophobic and/or dirt-repellent substance in said organometallic sol solution. 8. The process as defined in claim 1, wherein the applying of the coating mixture comprises dipping in the coating mixture, spraying the coating mixture, spinning the coating mixture, rolling the coating mixture on the product, curtain-coating the coating mixture or screen printing the coating mixture on the product. 9. A coated product with a long-lasting easily cleaned surface thereon, said product being made by a process comprising the steps of: a) providing a coating mixture comprising a hydrolyzable, network-forming gel and a hydrophobic and/or dirt-repellent substance; b) applying the coating mixture to a surface of a product to form a gel network having a backbone on said surface; and c) chemically binding the hydrophobic and/or dirt-repellent substance in the backbone of the gel network; whereby said coating is formed on said surface with uniform properties in cross section through said coating. 10. The coated product as defined in claim 9, wherein said process comprises hardening said gel after said applying. 11. The coated product as defined in claim 9, wherein said gel network is provided in a hydrogel, an alkogel, a xerogel or an aerogel. 12. The coated product as defined in claim 9, wherein said gel is formed from SiO.sub.2, Al.sub.2O.sub.3, Fe.sub.2O.sub.3, In.sub.2O.sub.3, SnO.sub.2, ZrO.sub.2, B.sub.2O.sub.3 and/or TiO.sub.2. 13. The coated product as defined in claim 9, wherein said hydrophobic and/or dirt-repellent substance is a silane. 14. The coated product as defined in claim 13, wherein said silane has the formula: (CF.sub.xH.sub.y)--(CF.sub.aH.sub.b).sub.n--(CF.sub.a'H.sub.b').- sub.m--Si--(OR).sub.3, wherein x and y, independently of each other, stand for 0, 1, 2 or 3 and x+y=3, and a, a' and b, b', independently of each other, stand for 0, 1 or 2, and a+b as well as a'+b'=2, and n and m, independently of each other, denote an integer from 0 to 20 and together add up to a maximum of 30, and R is a straight-chain, branched, saturated or unsaturated, optionally heteroatom-containing, C1-C8-alkyl or aminoalkyl group. 15. The coated product as defined in claim 9, Wherein said coating mixture is an organometallic sol solution that is hydrolyzable to form said gel network after dissolving said hydrophobic and/or dirt-repellent substance in said organometallic sol solution. 16. The coated product as defined in claim 9, wherein said applying of the coating mixture comprises dipping in the coating mixture, spraying the coating mixture, spinning the coating mixture, rolling the coating mixture on the product, curtain-coating the coating mixture or screen printing the coating mixture on the product. 17. The coated product as defined in claim 9, consisting of a window glass, a mirror glass, a shower enclosure glass, a shelf glass, a cover glass for a solar collector, a sight glass, an instrument glass, a glass keyboard, a touch screen panel, a display cover glass, a glass for a furnace, a lamp cover glass, a glass for a refrigerator, a glass for a piece of furniture, a spotlight glass, a watch glass, a sanitary glass, a glass for an eyeglass lens, an ocular glass for an optical device, an objective glass for an optical device, a solar collector tube, a waste-water pipe, a TV screen, a PC monitor glass, a TC front cover glass, a PC front cover glass, an instrument-covering glass for a motor vehicle, train, ship or airplane, a baking tray, a sauce pan, a sanitary object, a floor tile or a roofing tile. 