The invention relates to a building or security closure device (2), more particularly door (2), included a wing (3) powered by a motor assembly (23) and a monitoring or controller means (15) for controlling or monitoring travel of the door leaf (3), the monitoring or controller means (15) comprising a first, stationary electrotechnical unit (12, 13) and a second movable electrotechnical unit (5-10, 16) traveling with the wing (3) for communicating with the stationary unit (12, 13). To simplify installation and maintenance of the device, lengthen its useful life, reduce its costs of production and installation and in avoiding the negative consequences of faulty installation it is proposed in accordance with the invention that an energy transducer means (1, 9) is provided for transducing energy applied wireless on said wing, preferably non-electrical energy, more particularly mechanical energy and/or radiation energy into electrical energy, such as current and/or voltage, said transducer means being mounted on the wing (3) for energy supply of said traveling second electrotechnical unit (5-10, 16) and that a transmitter/receiver system (17) is provided for wireless communication of the two units (12, 13; 5-10, 16). The invention relates in addition to an operator as well as to a controller means for such a powered building or security closure device.
Claims In the claims 1. A closure device for buildings or enclosures, more particularly door, including a wing driven by a motor assembly and a controller device for controlling and monitoring travel of the door leaf, said controller device comprising a first, stationary electrotechnical unit and a second, movable electrotechnical unit arranged and traveling on said wing and able to communicate with said stationary unit wherein for powering said movable second unit an energy transducer means is provided for transducing energy applied wireless, to said wing, preferably non-electrical energy, more particularly mechanical energy and/or radiation energy, into electrical energy, such as current and/or voltage, said energy transducer means being mounted on said door leaf and a transmitter/receiver system is provided for wireless communication of said two units. 2. A drive device for operating a wing of a closure for a building or an enclosure including a motor assembly for driving said wing and a controller device for controlling and monitoring said motor assembly and/or the resulting motion of said wing, comprising: a first electrotechnical unit assigned to said motor assembly for stationary mounting, a second electrotechnical unit for mounting on said wing, and a communication and connecting means for intercommunication of said two electrotechnical units, wherein said communication and connecting means is wireless, more particularly a transmitter/receiver system, and an energy transducer means is provided for mounting on said wing to supply said second unit with energy, wherein said energy transducer means transduces energy which is applied wireless to said wing, preferably non-electrical energy, more particularly mechanical energy and/or radiation energy into electrical energy, such as current and/or voltage. 3. A controller device for monitoring and controlling of a motorized driven travel of a wing of a closure for a building or an enclosure comprising a stationary mounted first electrotechnical unit assigned to a motor assembly a second electrotechnical unit mounted on said wing wherein an energy transducer means mountable on said wing is provided for energy supply of said second electrotechnical unit, said transducer means transducing energy which is applied wireless to said wing, preferably non-electrical energy, more particularly mechanical energy and/or radiation energy into electrical energy, such as current and/or voltage. 4. The controller device as set forth in claim 3, comprising a wireless communication and connection means, more particularly a transmitter/receiver system for signal communication between said two units. 5. The device as set forth in claim 1, wherein said transmitter/receiver system is a radio communication system. 6. The device as set forth in claim 1, wherein said transmitter/receiver system comprises a first receiver suitable also for receiving control commands from a user-assigned transmitter, such as a handheld transmitter, for opening said closure, said first receiver being assigned to said first electrotechnical unit. 7. The device as set forth in claim 1, wherein said transmitter/receiver system comprises a second receiver suitable for receiving control commands from a stationary transmitter or from a user assigned transmitter, such as a handheld transmitter for opening said closure, said second receiver being assigned traveling to said second electrotechnical unit traveling on said wing. 8. The device as set forth in claim 1, wherein said first electrotechnical unit is or comprises a first monitoring or controller unit for monitoring and/or controlling at least one stationary assembly of said operator for said wing. 9. The device as set forth in claim 1, wherein said second electrotechnical unit is or comprises a second monitoring, controlling or supplying and/or analyzing unit for monitoring, controlling, supplying and/or analyzing a sensor traveling on said wing or the like detecting means traveling on said wing for detecting of conditions of the wing and/or ambient conditions of the wing, more particularly, the travel of said wing and/or for analyzing the signals of such a sensor or such a detecting means respectively. 10. The device as set forth claim 1, wherein said second electrotechnical unit serves for securing a closing edge. 11. The device as set forth in claim 1, wherein said second electrotechnical unit can be switched from a disabled status to an enabled status by an activating signal, all electrical consumers of said second electrotechnical unit except for a receiver part of said communication and connection means being disabled in said disabled status so that said second electrotechnical unit has a power consumption of less than 10 mW, preferably less than 100 .mu.W, more preferably less than 10 .mu.W. 12. The device as set forth claim 7, wherein said second receiver can set said second electrotechnical unit from said disabled status in an enabled status, when said second receiver receives a wireless communicated enable signal of a stationary or mobile transmitter. 13. The device as set forth in claim 6, wherein said second receiver activates said second electrotechnical unit on receiving an activating signal emitted by said first transmitter before initiating motion of said motor assembly. 14. The device as set forth in claim 13, wherein said first transmitter is connected to a testing output of said monitoring or controller means serving to test connected units before initiating a motion, for sending said enable or activating signal in the course of the test procedure. 15. The device as set forth in claim 11, wherein said second electrotechnical unit is switched from the enabled status into said disabled status automatically on timeout and/or by a disable signal transmitted by said first electrotechnical unit on completion of travel. 16. The device as set forth in claim 1, wherein said second electrotechnical unit comprises an energy storage device for storing and/or buffering electrical energy supplied preferably by an energy transducer means. 17. The device as set forth in claim 1, wherein instead of or in addition to said energy transducer means a power supply is provided comprising an energy storage means intended for traveling on or at said wing as well as a connecting and/or charging station configured and stationary arranged such that when said wing is at the end of its travel said energy storage means and/or said second electrotechnical unit can supply energy preferably contactless by inductive and/or capacitive coupling. 18. The device as set forth in claim 16, wherein said energy storage means comprises at least one capacitor, more particularly a goldcap capacitor, at least one rechargeable battery and/or at least one battery. 19. The device as set forth in claim 1, wherein said energy transducer means comprises a generator means powered by travel of said wing. 20. The device as set forth in claim 19, wherein said generator means is provided on a roller existing or additionally mounted on said wing for converting motion of said roller on travel of said wing into electrical energy. 21. The device as set forth in claim 1, wherein said energy transducer comprises a photovoltaic unit. 