In a solar cell module-mounting structure, a solar cell module 101 is fixed on one surface of a plate-shaped member 102, the plate-shaped member 102 is placed on an installation surface so that one side of the plate-shaped member is in contact with the installation surface, a surface of the plate-shaped member 102 opposite to the solar cell module-fixing surface is in contact with a first support member 103, and out of surfaces including the one side of the plate-shaped member 102, at least a part of the surfaces in no contact with the first support member 103 is in contact with a second support member 103, thereby effectively preventing a solar cell module-mounting rack from being moved by a wind load.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar cell module-mounting structure comprising: a plate-shaped member having a solar cell module fixed on one surface thereof, a first support, and a second support member, wherein said plate-shaped member is placed on an installation surface so that one side of said plate-shaped member is in contact with the installation surface, a surface of said plate-shaped member opposite to the solar cell module-fixing surface is in contact with said first support member, and out of surfaces including said one side of said plate-shaped member, at least a part of the surfaces in no contact with said first support member is in contact with said second support member. 2. The solar cell module-mounting structure according to claim 1, wherein said second support member is a support member in contact with a surface of a second plate-shaped member opposite to a solar cell module-fixing surface of said second plate-shaped member to support said second plate-shaped member. 3. The solar cell module-mounting structure according to claim 1, wherein said plate-shaped member is cast from a concrete material. 4. The solar cell module-mounting structure according to claim 1, wherein said plate-shaped member and said support member have the same shape and are made of the same material. 5. The solar cell module-mounting structure according to claim 1, wherein said solar cell module is fixed to said plate-shaped member with an adhesive. 6. The solar cell module-mounting structure according to claim 5, wherein said adhesive is an elastic adhesive. 7. The solar cell module-mounting structure according to claim 5, wherein said adhesive is provided at a surrounding part of said solar cell module. 8. The solar cell module-mounting structure according to claim 1, wherein said solar cell module is composed of amorphous silicon formed on a stainless steel substrate. 9. The solar cell module-mounting structure according to claim 1, wherein an insulating member is placed between said one side of the plate-shaped member to be brought into contact with said installation surface and said installation surface. 10. The solar cell module-mounting structure according to claim 1, wherein said one side has a predetermined width. 11. A solar cell module array comprising the solar cell module-mounting structure according to claim 1. 12. A photovoltaic power generation system comprising a solar cell module array according to claim 11 and a power conditioner. 