This invention improves the performance and lowers the cost of DC to AC inverters and the systems where these inverters are used. The performance enhancements are most valuable in renewable and distributed energy applications where high power conversion efficiencies are critical. The invention allows a variety of DC sources to provide power thru the inverter to the utility grid without a transformer and at very high power conversion efficiencies. The enabling technology is a novel inverter circuit topology where the DC source is connected directly to the positive bus of the DC to AC converter and where a negative bus is generated from the positive bus with a flyback converter. The inverter power topology does include or require a transformer. The AC inverter output configuration can be either single-phase or three-phase. The AC inverter output can be either utility interactive or directly supply loads.
Claims 1. An inverter for utility interactive applications for converting DC power from solar photovoltaic modules into AC power and comprising: a DC to DC flyback converter that generates a negative voltage with respect to ground. a DC to AC converter which converts a DC input voltage and the output from said flyback converter into current regulated sine waves, synchronized with the utility voltage and sourcing power into the utility grid. 2. A system for generating AC power from DC sources comprising: a DC source; a DC to DC flyback converter that generates a negative voltage with respect to ground. a DC to AC converter which converts a DC input voltage and the output from said flyback converter into current regulated sine waves, synchronized with the utility voltage and sourcing power into the utility grid. 3. An inverter according to claim 1 wherein the switching devices are insulated gate bipolar transistors. 4. An inverter according to claim 1 wherein the switching devices are field effect transistors. 5. An inverter according to claim 1 wherein the switching devices are a combination of insulated gate bipolar transistors and field effect transistors. 6. An inverter according to claim 1 wherein the DC to AC converter section is configured for split-phase operation using two half-bridge circuits. 7. An inverter according to claim 1 wherein the DC to AC converter section is configured for single-phase operation using one half-bridge circuit. 8. An inverter according to claim 1 wherein the DC to AC converter section is configured for three-phase operation using three half-bridge. 9. A system according to claim 2 wherein the DC source is grounded. 10. A system according to claim 2 wherein the DC source is not grounded. 11. An inverter according to claim 1 wherein the intended DC source is a fuel cell, battery, genset, wind turbine or micro-turbine. 12. An system according to claim 2 wherein the DC source is a fuel cell, battery, genset, wind turbine or micro-turbine. 13. An inverter according to claim 1 wherein the output supports loads directly and does not necessarily have utility interactive capabilities. 14. A system according to claim 2 wherein the inverter output supports loads directly and does not necessarily have utility interactive capabilities. 