There are included a base rail in an elongated shape fixed to the roof face, a holder supporting member movable in a longitudinal direction of the base rail by being guided by the base rail and a holder fixing member provided at the holder supporting member. Thereby, it is not necessary to accurately fix the base rail to the roof face. Further, the holder supporting member supports a holder for holding an object to be installed and presses a predetermined portion of the holder to the base rail by the holder fixing member. Thereby, fixing of the base rail and the holder supporting member and fixing of the holder supporting member and the holder can be achieved in one motion by one pressing member and the number of steps with regard to attaching the holder can be reduced.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A fixing apparatus for fixing an object to be installed which is installed to a building, comprising: a base connected to the building and formed in an elongated shape; a support member formed to be movable in a first direction constituting a longitudinal direction of the base by being guided by the base; a holder formed to be movable in a second direction intersecting with the first direction by being guided by the support member, for holding the object to be installed; and a displacement hampering member capable of hampering displacement of the support member relative to the base and displacement of the holder relative to the support member. 2. The fixing apparatus of claim 1, wherein the displacement hampering member fixes the holder to the base by pressing a portion of the holder against the base. 3. The fixing apparatus of claim 1, wherein the displacement hampering member is connected to the support member and the holder is pinched by the base and the support member by pressing a portion of the holder against the base. 4. The fixing apparatus of claim 1, wherein peripheral edge portions on both sides of the object to be installed can respectively be held by two of the holders respectively provided with an interval therebetween. 5. The fixing apparatus of claim 1, further comprising an installed object fixing member capable of fixing the object to be installed to the holder. 6. The fixing apparatus of claim 1, further comprising an installed object fixing member for fixing the object to be installed to the holder, wherein the fixing member comprises a cover member brought into contact with the object to be installed from a side opposed to the holder and a pressing member for pressing the cover member to the holder. 7. The fixing apparatus of claim 1, wherein the holder is formed with a mounting portion for mounting the object to be installed and a connecting portion provided on a side of the building of the mounting portion and connected to the support member. 8. The fixing apparatus of claim 1, wherein the support member is formed with a supporting-member engaging portion in a rail-like shape extended in the second direction, the holder is formed with a holder engaging portion in a rail-like shape provided on a side of the building thereof and engaged with the supporting-member engaging portion and the supporting-member engaging portion and the holder engaging portion are engaged with each other. 9. The fixing apparatus of claim 1, wherein the base comprises: a base fixing portion fixed to the building; a base moving portion provided to be movable in the first direction relative to the base fixing portion by being guided by the base fixing portion and connecting the support member; and a base coupling portion capable of hampering displacement of the base moving portion relative to the base fixing portion. 10. A fixing apparatus for fixing an object to be installed which is installed to a building, comprising: a base connected to the building; a holder directly or indirectly connected to the base and mounting the object to be installed; a cover member pinching the object to be installed in cooperation with the holder; a screwing member formed to be screwable to the holder for generating a press force for pressing the cover member to the holder by screwing to the holder; and an interval adjusting member for screwing to retract the screwing member from the holder and moving the cover member to separate from the holder. 11. The fixing apparatus of claim 10, wherein the interval adjusting member maintains an interval between the cover member and the holder before pressing the cover member by the screw member wider than an interval therebetween after pressing the cover member. 12. The fixing apparatus of claim 10, wherein the interval adjusting member comprises a spring member exerting a force in a direction opposed to a direction of the press force on the cover member. 13. The fixing apparatus of claim 10, wherein the cover member is formed with a contact portion brought into contact with the object to be installed mounted on the holder in a state of separating from the holder to restrain the object to be installed from moving. 14. The fixing apparatus of claim 10, wherein the interval adjusting member is brought into contact with both of the holder and the cover member to electrically connect the holder and the cover. 15. A fixing apparatus for fixing an object to be installed which is installed to a building, comprising: a base connected to the building; a holder directly or indirectly connected to the base for mounting the object to be installed; a cover member for pinching the object to be installed in cooperation with the holder; and a screw member formed to be screwable to the holder for generating a press force for pressing the cover member to the holder by screwing to the holder, wherein the cover member is mounted to the holder in a temporarily fixing state of capable of temporarily fixing the object to be installed in cooperation with the holder. 16. The fixing apparatus of claim 15, wherein in a state of being formed to be able to pinch two of the objects to be installed respectively on both sides in a vertical direction by the holder and the cover member and holding the two objects to be installed, the holder is formed with a lower side mounting face for mounting an upper side peripheral edge portion of the lower side object to be installed disposed on a lower side, an upper side mounting face mounting a lower side peripheral edge portion of the upper side object to be installed disposed on an upper side and provided to be higher than the lower side mounting face, and a screw forming portion rising above the lower side mounting face continuously from the upper side mounting face and formed with a screw hole for screwing to a screw member, the cover member is formed with a lower side press piece for pressing the upper side peripheral edge portion of the lower side object to be installed from an upper side and an upper side press piece for pressing the lower side peripheral edge portion of the upper side object to be installed from the upper side and provided on an upper side of the lower side press piece, and the cover member can be fixed to the holder by pressing the lower side press piece against the lower side mounting face of the holder by a front end portion of the screw member in a state of capable of mounting the peripheral edge portions of the respective objects to be installed to the respective mounting faces of the holder, when a state of fixing the cover member is released by loosening the screw member, and the peripheral edge portions of the objects to be installed can be brought into a state of being able to be pressed by the cover member and the peripheral edge portions of the objects to be installed can be pressed by the cover member by fastening the screw member in the pressable state. 17. The fixing apparatus of claim 15, wherein the cover member is formed with a stopper portion for positioning the object to be installed. 18. The fixing apparatus of claim 15, wherein the screw member is formed with an unscrewed groove forming portion interposed by screwed groove forming portions in a front and rear direction. 19. The fixing apparatus of claim 15, wherein a front end portion of the screw member is formed to be larger than a remaining portion in a state of being screwed to the holder. 20. The fixing apparatus of claim 15, wherein the peripheral edge portions on the both sides of the object to be installed are respectively held by two of the holders respectively provided with an interval therebetween. 21. A fixing apparatus for fixing an object to be installed which is installed to a building, comprising: a base connected to the building; a guide member provided to be able to angularly displace around a predetermined angular displacement axis line relative to the base; and a holder formed to be movable by being guided by the guide member, for holding the object to be installed. 22. The fixing apparatus of claim 21, wherein when the holder is guided by the guide member while maintaining a position of the holder, by angularly displacing the base relative to the guide member around the angular displacement axis line, a position of fixing the base relative to the building can arbitrarily be determined. 23. The fixing apparatus of claim 21, wherein a position of fixing the building and the base is changed between before and after pivoting the base by 180 degrees around the angular displacement axis line relative to the guide member. 24. The fixing apparatus of claim 21, wherein the angular displacement axis line is provided at a position other than a middle position in the longitudinal direction of the base. 25. The fixing apparatus of claim 21, wherein the base is provided with a pressing member for restricting displacement of the holder relative to the guide member by pressing the holder and the guide member when an angle made by the longitudinal direction of the base and the longitudinal direction of the holder is shifted by a predetermined angle or more. 26. The fixing apparatus of claim 21, further comprising a pressing member for restricting displacement of the holder relative to the guide member by pressing the holder and the guide member when an angle made by the longitudinal direction of the base and the longitudinal direction of the holder is shifted by a predetermined angle or more, wherein the pressing member is interposed between the base and the guide member and when the pressing member is moved by the predetermined angle relative to the longitudinal direction of the holder, the holder is fixed to the guide member. 27. The fixing apparatus of claim 21, further comprising a pressing member for restricting displacement of the holder relative to the guide member by pressing the holder and the guide member when an angle made by the longitudinal direction of the base and the longitudinal direction of the holder is shifted by a predetermined angle or more, wherein the pressing member is interposed between the base and the support member and when the pressing member is moved in a predetermined direction relative to the holder, the holder is fixed to a guide member. 28. The fixing apparatus of claim 21, further comprising a pressing member for restricting displacement of the holder relative to the guide member by pressing the holder and the guide member when an angle made by the longitudinal direction of the base and the longitudinal direction of the holder is shifted by a predetermined angle or more, wherein the pressing member is formed with a projected streak portion. 29. The fixing apparatus of claim 21, further comprising a pressing member for restricting displacement of the holder relative to the guide member by pressing the holder and the guide member when an angle made by the longitudinal direction of the base and the longitudinal direction of the holder is shifted by a predetermined angle or more, wherein the pressing member is interposed between the base and the guide member and is formed with a projected streak portion. 30. The fixing apparatus of claim 21, wherein the peripheral edge portions on the both sides of the object to be installed are respectively held by two of the holders respectively provided with an interval therebetween. 31. The fixing apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a side face cover member for covering side faces of the object to be installed and the holder, wherein the side face cover member is brought into contact with the object to be installed to ground the object to be installed. 32. The fixing apparatus of claim 10, further comprising a side face cover member for covering side faces of the object to be installed and the holder, wherein the side face cover member is brought into contact with the object to be installed to ground the object to be installed. 33. The fixing apparatus of claim 15, further comprising a side face cover member for covering side faces of the object to be installed and the holder, wherein the side face cover member is brought into contact with the object to be installed to ground the object to be installed. 34. The fixing apparatus of claim 21, further comprising a side face cover member for covering side faces of the object to be installed and the holder, wherein the side face cover member is brought into contact with the object to be installed to ground the object to be installed. 35. The fixing apparatus of claim 1, wherein a portion brought into contact with the holder of the object to be installed is formed to be electrically conductive. 36. The fixing apparatus of claim 10, wherein a portion brought into contact with the holder of the object to be installed is formed to be electrically conductive. 37. The fixing apparatus of claim 15, wherein a portion brought into contact with-the holder of the object to be installed is formed to be electrically conductive. 38. The fixing apparatus of claim 21, wherein a portion brought into contact with the holder of the object to be installed is formed to be electrically conductive. 39. A solar cell module installed to a building, comprising: a solar cell main body; and a metal frame mounted to a peripheral edge portion of the solar cell main body, wherein the metal frame makes the solar cell module and a holder conductive to each other by being brought into contact with a portion installed with the holder of the fixing apparatus of claim 1 and a surface thereof excluding a face thereof on a side of being brought into contact with the holder is covered with an insulating coating. 40. A solar cell module installed to a building, comprising: a solar cell main body; and a metal frame mounted to a peripheral edge portion of the solar cell main body, wherein the metal frame makes the solar cell module and a holder conductive to each other by being brought into contact with a portion installed with the holder of the fixing apparatus of claim 10 and a surface thereof excluding a face thereof on a side of being brought into contact with the holder is covered with an insulating coating. 41. A solar cell module installed to a building, comprising: a solar cell main body; and a metal frame mounted to a peripheral edge portion of the solar cell main body, wherein the metal frame makes the solar cell module and a holder conductive to each other by being brought into contact with a portion installed with the holder of the fixing apparatus of claim 15 and a surface thereof excluding a face thereof on a side of being brought into contact with the holder is covered with an insulating coating. 42. A solar cell module installed to a building, comprising: a solar cell main body; and a metal frame mounted to a peripheral edge portion of the solar cell main body, wherein the metal frame makes the solar cell module and a holder conductive to each other by being brought into contact with a portion installed with the holder of the fixing apparatus of claim 21 and a surface thereof excluding a face thereof on a side of being brought into contact with the holder is covered with an insulating coating. 43. A fixing apparatus for fixing an object to be installed which is installed to a building, comprising: a base connected to the building and formed in a shape of an elongated rail; a support member formed to be movable in a first direction previously determined at the base by being guided by the base; a holder formed to be movable in a second direction intersecting with the first direction by being guided by the support member, for holding the object to be installed; a displacement hampering portion for hampering displacement of the support member relative to the base and displacement of the holder relative to the support member; a cover member for pinching the object to be installed in cooperation with the holder; a screw member formed to be screwable to the holder for generating a press force for pressing the cover member to the holder by screwing to the holder; and an interval adjusting member for screwing to retract the screw member from the holder and moving the cover member to separate from the holder. 44. A fixing apparatus for fixing an object to be installed which is installed to a building, comprising: a base connected to the building and formed in a shape of an elongated rail; a support member formed to be movable in a first direction previously determined at the base by being guided by the base; a holder formed to be movable in a second direction intersecting with the first direction by being guided by the support member, for holding the object to be installed; a cover member for pinching the object to be installed in cooperation with the holder; and a screw member formed to be screwable to the holder, for generating a press force for pressing the cover member to the holder by screwing to the holder, wherein the cover member is mounted to the holder in a temporarily fixing state of capable of temporarily fixing the object to be installed in cooperation with the holder. 45. A fixing apparatus for fixing an object to be installed which is installed to a building, comprising: a base connected to the building; a holder supported by the base and formed to be movable in a horizontal direction, for holding the object to be installed; and a displacement hampering member capable of hampering the holder from being displaced relative to the base and the holder from being displaced relative to a support member. 