A system and method for controlling or otherwise effectively managing cell voltage degradation in the operation of a fuel cell device comprises inter alia a fuel cell (110) in parallel electrical connection with a secondary power source (145) and an automated controller (155) for switching between power supplied from the fuel cell (100) and the secondary power source (145). Disclosed features and specifications may be variously adapted or optionally modified to control or otherwise optimize the rate of cell voltage degradation in any fuel cell system. Exemplary embodiments of the present invention may be readily integrated with other existing fuel cell technologies for the improvement of device package form factors, weights and other manufacturing and/or device performance metrics.
Claims We claim: 1. A hybrid power supply device, comprising a first fuel cell in parallel electrical connection with a second power source and an automated control element configured to switch between power supplied from said fuel cell and power supplied from said second power source. 2. The device of claim 1, wherein said fuel cell comprises at least one of a methanol fuel cell, a direct methanol fuel cell, a direct liquid fuel feed fuel cell and a reformer fuel cell. 3. The device of 2, wherein said automated control element is further configured to shut down operation of said fuel cell when power is supplied from said second power source. 4. The device of 1, wherein said second power source comprises at least one of a solar cell, a rechargeable battery, and a second fuel cell and a disposable battery. 5. The device of claim 1, wherein said automated control element is configured to actuate deprivation of at least one of oxygen at the cathode and fuel at the anode of said fuel cell for a predetermined length of time. 6. The device of claim 1, further comprising a battery charging component and wherein said automated control element is configured to actuate said battery charging element in order to at least partially charge a battery with power effectively drawn from said fuel cell. 7. The device of claim 1, wherein said automated control element is configured to actuate a plurality of solid-state switches. 8. The device of claim 1, further comprising at least one DC/DC converter. 9. The device of claim 1, wherein said automated control element comprises a feedback loop responsive to at least one of elapsed time, voltage, pH, fuel concentration, temperature and load current. 10. The device of claim 9, further comprising means for monitoring said feedback during at least one of fuel cell startup and high load demand. 11. A method for supplying power with the hybrid device of claim 1, said method comprising the steps of: providing a first fuel cell; providing a second power source; said fuel cell and said second power source in parallel electrical connection with each other; and providing an automated control element for switching between power supplied from said fuel cell and power supplied from said second power source. 12. The method of claim 11, further comprising the step of switching between power supplied from said first fuel cell and power supplied from said second power source. 13. The method of 12, further comprising the step of said control element shutting down operation of said fuel cell and supplying power from said second power source. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein said control element actuates a deprivation of at least one of oxygen at the cathode and fuel at the anode of said fuel cell. 15. The method of claim 11, further comprising the steps of providing a battery charging element and said control element actuating said battery charging element in order to at least partially charge a battery. 16. The method of claim 11, further comprising the step of said automated control element actuating a plurality of solid-state switches. 17. The method of claim 11, further comprising the step of providing at least one DC/DC converter. 18. The method of claim 11, further comprising the step of providing a feedback loop and wherein said automated control element switches between power supplied from said first fuel cell and power supplied from said second power source in response to monitoring said feedback loop. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein said monitoring of said feedback loop is responsive to at least one of elapsed time, voltage, pH, fuel concentration, temperature and load current. 20. The method of claim 19, further comprising the step of monitoring said feedback during at least one of fuel cell startup and high load demand. 21. The method of claim 12, further comprising the steps of: restarting said first fuel cell after a short rest; and repeating the step of switching between power supplied from said first fuel cell and power supplied from said second power source as needed. 22. The method of claim 21, wherein said first fuel cell has a duty cycle of up to about 90% and a rest cycle comprising short intervals to keep the cell voltage high. 23. A method for supplying power with the hybrid device of claim 1, said method comprising the steps of: providing a direct methanol fuel cell; providing a rechargeable battery; said fuel cell and said battery in parallel electrical connection with each other; and providing an automated control element for supplying power from said battery and depriving said fuel cell cathode of air supply as a function elapsed time of fuel cell operation. 