An advertisement system allows display of at least one product advertisement. The system includes a base, an advertisement display unit, a motor, and a receiver. The receiver receives input signals from a control unit that is remotely located, and converts the input signals into control signals that control operation of the motor and advertisement display unit. A power source can be mounted on the base to supply power to the system.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A mobile advertising system comprising: a base; an advertisement display unit mounted on said base, said advertising display unit carrying at least one product advertisement thereon; a motor operatively coupled to said base, said motor being capable of moving the mobile advertising system; a receiver mounted on said base and operatively coupled to said motor, said receiver receiving input signals from a remote source and converting said input signals into control signals for controlling operation of said motor; a power source mounted on said base and supplying power to the mobile advertising system; and a control unit remotely located from the mobile advertising system for transmitting said input signals to said receiver, said input signals corresponding one or more user commands. 2. The mobile advertising system of claim 1, further comprising a drivetrain operatively coupled to said motor for transferring output of said motor to a drive unit for moving the mobile advertising system. 3. The mobile advertising system of claim 1, wherein said receiver is compatible with at least one telephone network and receives said input signals across one of said compatible telephone networks after a connection has been established. 4. The mobile advertising system of claim 5, wherein said telephone network is a circuit switched telephone network. 5. The mobile advertising system of claim 3, wherein said telephone network is a wireless telephone network. 6. The mobile advertising system of claim 3, wherein said control unit comprises a mobile communication device compatible with said at least one telephone network, said mobile communication device being capable of establishing a communication channel with said receiver and transmitting said input signals across said at least one telephone network. 7. The mobile advertising system of claim 6, wherein said mobile communication device comprises a personal digital assistant (PDA). 8. The mobile advertising system of claim 6, wherein said mobile communication device comprises a wireless telephone. 9. The mobile advertising system of claim 1, wherein said control unit comprises a radio controlled (R/C) transmitter. 10. The mobile advertising system of claim 1, further comprising a mobile telephone housing adapted to conceal said transmitter. 11. The mobile advertising system of claim 1, wherein said power source comprises one or more batteries. 12. The mobile advertising system of claim 1, wherein said power source comprises one or more solar panels. 13. The mobile advertising system of claim 1, wherein said advertisement display unit comprises at least one of a billboard, a fiber optic display system, and a video monitor. 14. The mobile advertising system of claim 1, wherein said advertising display unit includes: a display screen for displaying said at least one product advertisement; and a video controller for controlling the operation and output of said display screen. 15. The mobile advertising system of claim 1, wherein said receiver includes: a data storage device for storing a plurality of data files, each of said data files corresponding to an advertisement; a CPU/controller for controlling operation of mobile advertising system, said CPU/controller being configured to retrieve data files from said data storage device responsive to said input signals received from the user, said CPU/controller further processing said retrieved data files for display on said advertisement display unit; and a memory for receiving and storing information from said CPU/controller while said CPU/controller processes said data files. 16. A method of displaying advertisements comprising the steps of: constructing a mobile advertising system; storing a plurality of data files corresponding to advertisements in a data storage device of the mobile advertising system; selectively retrieving one or more data files from the data storage device; displaying one or more retrieved data files on an advertisement display unit of the mobile advertising system; and controlling movement of the mobile advertising system from a remote location. 