An energy storage and recovery system includes a renewable power source, a hydrogen generation device in electrical communication with the renewable power source, a hydrogen storage device in fluid communication with the hydrogen generation device, a hydrogen fueled electricity generator in fluid communication with the hydrogen storage device, and a pressure regulator interposed between and in fluid communication with the hydrogen fueled electricity generator and the hydrogen storage device. The pressure regulator is set at an operating pressure of the hydrogen fueled electricity generator.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An energy storage and recovery system, comprising: a renewable power source; a hydrogen generation device in electrical communication with the renewable power source; a hydrogen storage device in fluid communication with the hydrogen generation device; a hydrogen fueled electricity generator in fluid communication with the hydrogen storage device; and a pressure regulator interposed between and in fluid communication with the hydrogen fueled electricity generator and the hydrogen storage device, the pressure regulator being set at about an operating pressure of the hydrogen fueled electricity generator. 2. The energy storage and recovery system according to claim 1, wherein the renewable power source comprises a diesel generator, a wind turbine, a hydro turbine, a natural gas generator, a photovoltaic array or combinations comprising at least one of the foregoing renewable power sources. 3. The energy storage and recovery system according to claim 1, wherein the hydrogen generation device comprises an electrolysis module responsive to electricity and water for generating hydrogen. 4. The energy storage and recovery system according to claim 1, wherein the hydrogen storage device comprises a pressurized tank, an inverted hydrogen storage tank, a metal hydride tank, a carbon nano-fiber tank, or combinations comprising at least one of the foregoing hydrogen storage devices. 5. The energy storage and recovery system according to claim 1, wherein the hydrogen fueled electricity generator comprises a fuel cell module or an internal combustion engine genset responsive to hydrogen for producing electricity. 6. The energy storage and recovery system according to claim 1, further comprising a power conditioner interposed between and in electrical communication with the renewable power source and the hydrogen generation device. 7. The energy storage and recovery system according to claim 1, wherein the pressure regulator is set at about 40 psi. 8. The energy storage and recovery system of claim 1, further comprising a second pressure regulator interposed between and in fluid communication with the first pressure regulator and the hydrogen fueled electricity generator. 9. The energy storage and recovery system of claim 8, wherein the second pressure regulator is set at about 40 psi and the first pressure regulator is set at a pressure value equal to or greater than about 40 psi. 10. The energy storage and recovery system of claim 8, wherein the first pressure regulator is set at a pressure value exceeding the setting of the second pressure regulator by an amount equal to or greater than about 2 psi and equal to or less than about 14 psi. 11. The energy storage and recovery system of claim 10, wherein the first pressure regulator is set at a pressure value exceeding the setting of the second pressure regulator by an amount equal to or greater than about 3 psi and equal to or less than about 7 psi. 12. The energy storage and recovery system of claim 1, wherein the hydrogen storage device stores hydrogen gas at a pressure of equal to or greater than about 1,000 psi. 13. The energy storage and recovery system of claim 12, wherein the hydrogen storage device stores hydrogen gas at a pressure of equal to or greater than about 2,000 psi. 14. The energy storage and recovery system of claim 13, wherein the hydrogen storage device stores hydrogen gas at a pressure of equal to or greater than about 10,000 psi. 15. The energy storage and recovery system of claim 1, wherein the hydrogen storage device stores hydrogen in at least one of a gaseous, liquid and solid form. 16. The energy storage and recovery system of claim 1, further comprising: a dryer interposed between and in fluid communication with the hydrogen generation device and the hydrogen storage device; whereby the dryer dehumidifies the hydrogen prior to storage to inhibit corrosion of the storage device. 17. The energy storage and recovery system of claim 16, wherein the dryer is further interposed between and in fluid communication with the hydrogen storage device and the hydrogen fueled electricity generator; whereby the dryer humidifies the hydrogen prior to introduction to the hydrogen fueled electricity generator to inhibit electrolyte dry-out. 18. A local power grid powered by the energy storage and recovery system of claim 1. 19. An energy storage and recovery system, comprising: a renewable power source; a regenerative electrochemical cell system having an electrolysis module and a fuel cell module, the regenerative electrochemical cell system in communication with the renewable power source; a hydrogen storage device in fluid communication with the electrolysis module and the fuel cell module; a first pressure regulator disposed between the hydrogen storage device and the electrolysis module; a second pressure regulator disposed between the fuel cell module and the hydrogen storage device, wherein the first pressure regulator is set at a pressure greater than the pressure that the second pressure regulator is set at; and a power conditioner interposed between and in electrical communication with the renewable power source and the regenerative electrochemical cell system. 20. The energy storage and recovery system according to claim 19, further comprising: a dryer disposed between the hydrogen storage device and the electrolysis module; whereby the dryer dehumidifies the hydrogen prior to storage to inhibit corrosion of the hydrogen storage device. 21. The energy storage and recovery system according to claim 20, wherein: the dryer is further disposed between the hydrogen storage device and the fuel cell module; whereby the dryer humidifies the hydrogen prior to introduction to the fuel cell module to inhibit electrolyte dry-out. 22. The energy storage and recovery system according to claim 19, wherein: the fuel cell module includes a fuel cell outlet in fluid communication with a water storage device and a fuel cell inlet in fluid communication with an oxygen source and the hydrogen storage device; and the electrolysis module includes an electrolysis cell inlet in fluid communication with the water storage device and an electrolysis cell outlet in fluid communication with the fuel cell inlet. 23. The energy storage and recovery system according to claim 19, wherein the pressure that the first pressure regulator is set at is a pressure of less than or equal to about 14 psi greater than the pressure that the second pressure regulator is set at. 24. The energy storage and recovery system according to claim 19, wherein the pressure that the first pressure regulator is set at is a pressure of less than or equal to about 7 psi greater than the pressure that the second pressure regulator is set at. 25. The energy storage and recovery system according to claim 19, wherein the pressure that the first pressure regulator is set at is a pressure of greater than or equal to about 2 psi greater than the pressure that the second pressure regulator is set at. 26. The energy storage and recovery system according to claim 19, wherein the hydrogen storage device stores hydrogen gas at a pressure of equal to or greater than about 1,000 psi. 27. The energy storage and recovery system according to claim 19, wherein the hydrogen storage device stores hydrogen in at least one of a gaseous, liquid and solid form. 28. A local power grid powered by the energy storage and recovery system of claim 19. 29. A method for operating an energy storage and recovery system, comprising: generating and conditioning electrical power from a renewable power source; powering an electrochemical cell system with the conditioned electrical power and water to electrolytically produce hydrogen gas; drying the hydrogen gas in a dryer to remove water; storing the hydrogen gas at a first pressure; and supplying the hydrogen gas at a second pressure to a hydrogen fueled electricity generator to produce electrical power in response to the electrical power generated by the renewable power source being less than or equal to a selected level; wherein the hydrogen gas flows through the dryer and absorbs water prior to flowing into the hydrogen fueled electricity generator; and wherein the second pressure is less than the first pressure. 30. The method for operating the energy storage and recovery system of claim 29, wherein conditioning the electrical power from the renewable power source comprises: operating a power conditioner in at least one of a first mode, a second mode, or a third mode of operation; the first mode of operation using alternating current power from the local grid only to operate the electrochemical cell system and support systems for the energy storage and recovery system; the second mode of operation using power from the renewable power source only to operate the electrochemical cell system; and the third mode of operation using power from the local grid and the renewable power source to operate an electrolysis cell in the electrochemical cell system. 31. The method for operating the energy storage and recovery system of claim 29, wherein conditioning the electrical power from the renewable power source comprises: operating a power conditioner with power sources having an input voltage range of about 48 VDC to about 120 VDC. 32. The method for operating the energy storage and recovery system of claim 29, further comprising charging a battery with the conditioned electrical power. 33. The method for operating the energy storage and recovery system of claim 29, wherein supplying the hydrogen gas at a second pressure to a hydrogen fueled electricity generator to produce electrical power comprises: introducing the hydrogen gas to a fuel cell hydrogen electrode, introducing oxygen gas to a fuel cell oxygen electrode, converting at least a portion of the hydrogen gas to hydrogen ions, and reacting the hydrogen ions with the oxygen gas to generate electricity and water. 34. The method for operating the energy storage and recovery system of claim 29, wherein the second pressure is at about an operating pressure of the hydrogen fueled electricity generator. 35. The method for operating the energy storage and recovery system of claim 29, wherein the hydrogen fueled electricity generator is adapted to be continuously pressurized by the hydrogen gas in fluid communication with the hydrogen storage device and the first and second pressure regulators. 36. A method for operating a regenerative electrochemical cell system, comprising: introducing water and power to an electrolysis module to produce hydrogen and oxygen; directing the hydrogen through a phase separation device and a dryer to a hydrogen storage device at a pressure, wherein the dryer removes water from the hydrogen to form a dry hydrogen; hydrating the dry hydrogen by reducing the pressure of the dry hydrogen from the hydrogen storage device and, passing the dry hydrogen through the dryer thereby transferring water from the dryer to the dry hydrogen to form a hydrated hydrogen; fueling a fuel cell by directing the hydrated hydrogen to the fuel cell module; introducing oxygen to the fuel cell module; and producing electricity and water at the fuel cell module. 37. A method for producing power, comprising: generating power from a renewable power source; conditioning the power for use in an electrochemical cell system; maintaining water at a temperature above a freezing point of water; forming hydrogen gas from the water using the conditioned power; recovering water from an oxygen water stream; venting oxygen to the environment; drying the hydrogen gas; compressing the hydrogen gas; storing the hydrogen gas at a pressure of greater than or equal to about 1,000 psi; monitoring availability of the renewable power source; reducing the pressure of the hydrogen gas; introducing at least a portion of the reduced pressure hydrogen gas to an internal combustion engine in response to the availability of the renewable power source being less than or equal to a first selected level; generating power using the internal combustion engine; introducing at least another portion of the hydrogen gas to a fuel cell in response to the availability of the renewable power source being less than or equal to a second selected level; generating power using the fuel cell; and operating power support systems using grid power. 38. The method for producing power of claim 37, wherein introducing at least another portion of the hydrogen gas to a fuel cell further comprises hydrating the hydrogen gas prior to entering the hydrogen gas into the fuel cell. 39. The method for producing power of claim 37, further comprising: maintaining the fuel cell in a standby condition such that the fuel cell attains an operating temperature in less than or equal to about 1 minute. 