A solar heated water server is a batch type solar water heater that is integrally mounted on a wheeled chassis. The server enables a person to fill the solar heater with water through an externally pressurized hose that is then disconnected. The server can then be moved by hand into a position which best captures sunlight. Said chassis is constructed to allow adjustment for solar angle as well as azmuth. The solar water heater is constructed with curved internal reflectors that allow for the capture of a wide angle of diffuse radiation and also reflect direct sunlight onto the absorber tank over a wide azmuth angle. When the water is hot, the server is then wheeled to the point of use and reconnected by a hose to a source of pressurized cold water. The hot water can then be forced out by and mixed with cold water. Plumbing, including all necessary valves and connectors are integrally built into the solar heated water server enabling the yield of a usable quantity and temperature of water at a desired location.
Claims What I claim as my invention is: 1. A portable hand operated solar powered water heating and service device comprising: (a) A solar water heater capable of heating a usable quantity of water within a cylindrical tank capable of withstanding average residential water pressure and coated so as to absorb solar radiation. Said absorber tank is positioned within the apparatus so that it receives direct sunlight through a transparent surface of the outer body of the apparatus. (b) Curved reflectors and, or, flat reflectors are provided and are positioned within the apparatus so as to reflect an additional area of sunlight onto the remaining surface of said absorber tank not exposed to the direct solar radiation. (c) Thermal insulating material is disposed in contact with the backside of the reflectors so as to completely fill the space between said reflectors and the inside surface of the outer body of the solar water heater. The transparent surface is, by design, as large as practicable in order to maximize the solar aperture. A second transparent surface made of glass is placed within the outer body in a plane parallel to, and separated from, the plane of the outer transparent surface. A structure formed at the periphery of the outer body holds the inner transparent glass surface in separation from the outer transparent surface so as to trap a layer of static air to provide thermal insulation at the transparent surface of the solar water heating apparatus. 2. The device of claim 1 rendered portable by hand by integrally mounting said solar water heating and service device upon a chassis to carry the device including: (a) One or more wheels are provided of a diameter enabling the traverse of natural terrain by the apparatus when operated by adults of average strength. Multiple wheels are deployed in a manner enabling the operator to easily rotate the invention toward the sun, thereby adjusting for solar azmuth angle. (b) Adjustable retractable supports are provided and are deployable in order to focus the solar water heater upon the sun at the time of deployment, thereby adjusting for solar altitude angle. (c) Said chassis additionally provides a footplate or feet enabling the upright positioning of the device when moved indoors so as to occupy less space and in which position the hot water is conveniently dispensed. 3. The portable solar water heating device of claim 1 further enabling the operator to fill the apparatus with water at any location where a supply of pressurized water is available through a hose and after the water has been heated in the sun; to extract the heated water by attaching the apparatus to a hose at a location distant from the location where it was heated, at a temperature and rate of flow, of the operator's choosing via a plumbing system including: (a) A hose connection fitting enabling the attachment of an externally pressurized cold water supply hose through which the absorber tank within the device can be filled. By reconnecting a like pressurized cold water supply hose to the same fitting at the point of use, the heated water is forced out. An additional hose connection is provided at the discharge end of the system to provide for the delivery of heated water. (b) A water inlet valve is provided to hold the water within the tank, thus allowing the detachment from the externally pressurized cold water hose. (c) A tee fitting divides the flow of cold water entering from said hose. Water is thus delivered to both the absorber tank within which the water is heated and also delivered to the cold water side of the temperature and flow-rate adjustment device. (d) One or more valves are provided in fluid communication with both the hot water from the absorber tank and the incoming cold water to enable the operator to adjust the temperature and rate of flow of the water served. (e) Provision for service of the heated water is via a mixed water spigot. Said spigot swings out over the edge of the apparatus in order to discharge water into a sink or other container directly. Said mixed water spigot also provides for the attachment of a hose from an appliance such as a dishwasher or from a shower. 4. The device of claim 1 and of claim 2 combining the outer body of the device of claim 1 with the chassis of the device of claim 2 in combined fabrication by the inclusion and addition of: (a) Reinforced supports are added to the outer body of claim 1 in order to mount the wheels of claim 2 directly onto said outer body. (b) The body of claim 1 is provided with reinforced mounts to install handles to function as those provided by the chassis of claim 2. (c) Reinforcing is added to the body of claim 1 at the proper locations to mount the solar angle focus support tubes of claim 2 directly thereto. (d) The bottom of the outer body of claim 1 is constructed so that the device can rest directly thereupon, or so that the footplate or feet of claim 2 can be directly attached thereto. (e) Reinforcing and stiffening is added to the outer body of claim 1 to enable said body to bear the weight of the device as is borne by the chassis of claim 2. 