The physical, expandable, customizing, configuring component chassis for laptops, tablets, notebooks, and hybrid notebooks transforms literally. The case is in three main parts: the top, upper lid, the middle, inner cover, and bottom housing. This removable upper lid houses the display screen on the inside and the solar cells on the back of the lid. The next section is the slim, narrow, middle, inner unit which holds the speakers, mouse pads, keyboards, LDC readout, small display screen, motherboards, expansion cards, and controller cards. It is detachable from the top or bottom section of the case forming a diversified case. The bottom of the case has the physical, drawer like, expandable, slidable ends to the right and left of the front of the case and knockout panels, which are for mounting the face of the peripherals. A part of the bottom will be the unique sliding ends, snap-in components mounting to the removable mounting board. The mounting board will be screwed in to be secure. The middle and bottom sections can be separated into a two piece case. This case will be composed of a top lid and either/or middle or bottom section, forming a complete computer housing.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A universal laptop case that provides an enclosure that accepts either laptop PC or desktop PC components. 2. A universal laptop case as claimed 1, wherein: said enclosure provides "knockout" panels to aid in installed component sizing to permit a perfect fit. 3. A universal laptop case as claimed 1, wherein: said enclosure provides "knockout" panels that offer flexibility in battery pack sizing and ampere-hour ratings. 4. A universal laptop case as claimed 1, wherein: said enclosure provides that ability to hybrid a laptop case, display screens and keyboard with existing desktop hardware, such as motherboards, disk drives, video and multimedia card, etc. 5. A universal laptop case as claimed 1, wherein: said enclosure provides a heat dissipation system, to dissipate heat from the motherboard and other installed components, which comprises: enclosure vents and mini-fans or alternatively a liquid cooling system with a miniature fluid pump routing through a plurality of capillaries milled into the fin of a heat sink. 6. A universal laptop case as claimed 5, wherein: said enclosure provides a heat dissipation system, to dissipate heat from power supply components, which comprises: a fin heat sink located on the outside of the enclosure. 7. A universal laptop case as claimed 1, wherein: said enclosure provides AC to DC power inverter to power peripheral devices. 8. A universal laptop case as claimed 1, wherein said enclosure provides accommodations for portable, multiple computers with multiple components, working single or networked together for operation with two or more displays: (a) with computers comprising multiple display screens, input interface presentational devices, display screens, configured to operate as independent dedicated unit or networking together as a parallel architectural processing unit, controlled display by use of switching systems in the portable case. (b) with computers comprising multiple user terminals to access one or all computers in the portable case. (c) with detachable software to control motherboard as device or instrument. (d) with multi-display systems, comprising of electronic presentation, interfaced with input devices to any one of a stylus, using finger and a light pen. (e) with two keyboards with mice and a third mouse that is smart to provide multi-interfacing functions. 9. A universal laptop case as claimed 1, wherein said enclosure provides one case that splits into separate functional components 10. A universal laptop case as claimed 1, wherein said enclosure provides solar panel with additional add-on panels. 11. A universal laptop case as 1, wherein said enclosure provides detachable mounting holes that have grooves, boards with notches for screws to fit into holes so screws can be twisted to lock. 