A crystal display device is disclosed wherein a vertically arranged photovoltaic cell, main device housing--encasing an electric motor and transmission--, and a refractory crystal suspended below is rotated so as to provide multi-colored displays upon room walls and other surfaces when exposed to sunlight. A preferred embodiment of the device utilizes a suction cup to retain the device housing in the afore-mentioned vertical alignment against the inside of a selected window.
Claims I claim: 1. A crystal display device comprised of: a main device housing having a front planar, rear planar, top and bottom surface, said housing including a photovoltaic panel mounting means extending proximal to the top surface thereof, a crystal drive shaft mounting means extending proximal to the bottom surface thereof, and a device mounting means extending from the front planar surface thereof; an electric motor positioned within the housing, said electric motor including an output shaft; a photovoltaic panel affixed to and mounted above the main device housing, said panel providing sufficient current and voltage, in the presence of sunlight, to power said electric motor; a transmission means positioned within the device housing especially configured and adapted so as to couple with and engage said motor output shaft and transfer rotational force provided thereby to rotate a refractory crystal suspended below the main housing, said transmission being comprised of a plurality of gears having planar surfaces, said gears being oriented and positioned with said planar surfaces substantially parallel relative to the front and rear planar surfaces of said main device housing; a crystal drive shaft, positioned and retained proximal to the bottom surface of said main housing within said crystal drive shaft mounting means, said shaft including a drive gear mounted upon a superior terminus thereof in functional engagement with said transmission; a crystal suspension means; and a multi-faceted, bilaterally symmetric crystal suspended below the main device housing, wherein, when said device is exposed to sunlight the crystal rotates and projects moving, multi-colored images upon walls and other surfaces. 2. The crystal display device of claim 1 wherein the device mounting means comprises a suction cup affixed to the front surface of said main housing. 3. The crystal display device of claim 1 wherein the device mounting means comprises adhesive strips affixed to the front surface of said main housing. 4. The crystal display device of claim I wherein the device mounting means comprises hook and loop fabric fasteners affixed to the front surface of said main housing. 5. The crystal display device of claim 1 wherein said photovoltaic panel mounting means is comprised of a portion of the main device housing located proximal and extending from to the top surface thereof and a corresponding and matting portion of a housing encasing said photovoltaic panel extending from a bottom surface of said photovoltaic panel housing. 6. The crystal display device of claim 5 wherein said extended portion of the main device housing and extended portion of the housing encasing the photovoltaic panel comprise a hinge configured so as to allow an angular relations ship of said photovoltaic panel with the main device housing to be adjusted for optimal reception of sunlight by said photovoltaic panel. 7. The crystal display device of claim 5 wherein said extended portions of said main device housing and photovoltaic panel housing are joined at a predetermined and fixed angular relation. 8. The device of claim 1 wherein said crystal drive shaft includes, proximal to an inferior terminus thereof, a bore for affixing said crystal engagement means. 9. The device of claim 1 wherein said crystal drive shaft includes, proximal to an inferior terminus thereof, an engagement means for affixing the crystal suspension means. 10. The device of claim 9 wherein said engagement means comprises a bore, groove or loop. 11. The device of claim 1 wherein said suspension means comprises a hook. 12. The device of claim 1 wherein said suspension means comprises a cord, string or fiber. 13. The device of claim 1 wherein said refractory crystal includes a bore located proximal to a peripheral edge thereof, for receipt and retention of said crystal suspension means. 14. The device of claim 1 wherein said refractory crystal has a maximum width that is at least 25 percent greater than the maximum depth thereof. 15. The device of claim 1 wherein the device housing comprises a hollow flattened cylinder. 16. The device of claim 1 wherein the mounting means is comprised of a suspension attachment means located upon a superior surface of the photovoltaic panel. 17. The device of claim 1 wherein the suspension attachment means is a clip, strut, cleat or bore. 18. A crystal display device comprised of: a main device housing having a front planar, rear planar, top and bottom surface, said housing including a photovoltaic panel mounting means extending proximal to the top surface thereof, a crystal drive shaft mounting means extending proximal to the bottom surface thereof, and a device mounting means extending from the front planar surface thereof; an electric motor positioned within the housing, said electric motor including an output shaft; a photovoltaic panel mounted to and above the top surface of said main housing providing sufficient current and voltage, in the presence of sunlight, to power said electric motor; a transmission means positioned within the main device housing especially configured and adapted so as to couple with and engage said motor output shaft and transfer rotational force provided thereby to a refractory crystal suspended below said housing, said transmission being comprised of a plurality of gears having planar surfaces, said gears being oriented and positioned with said planar surfaces substantially parallel relative to the front and rear planar surfaces of said main device housing; a crystal drive shaft, positioned and retained within said crystal drive shaft mounting means, said shaft including a drive gear mounted upon a superior terminus thereof in functional engagement with said transmission; a crystal suspension means; and a multi-faceted, bilaterally symmetric refractory crystal having a maximum depth at least 25 percent less than maximum width suspended below said main device housing wherein when said device is exposed to sunlight, the crystal projects moving, multi-colored images generated by refraction of said light upon walls and other surfaces. 19. The crystal display device of claim 18 wherein the device mounting means comprises a suction cup affixed to the front surface of said device. 20. The device of claim 18 wherein the mounting means is comprised of a suspension attachment means located upon a superior surface of the photovoltaic panel. 21. The device of claim 20 wherein the suspension attachment means is a clip, strut, cleat or bore. 22. The crystal display device of claim 18 wherein said photovoltaic panel mounting means is comprised of an extended portion of the main device housing located proximal to the top surface of said device housing and a corresponding and matting portion comprised of an extending from the bottom surface of a housing encasing said photovoltaic panel. 23. The crystal display device of claim 22 wherein said extended portions of said main device housing and photovoltaic panel comprise a hinge and are configured so as to allow an angular relations ship of said photovoltaic panel with the main device housing to be adjusted for optimal reception of sunlight by said photovoltaic panel. 24. The crystal displace of claim 24 wherein said extended portions of the main device housing and photovoltaic panel are affixed to each other at a predetermined and fixed angular relation. 25. The device of claim 18 wherein said crystal drive shaft mounting means includes at least one bushing for retention of said shaft within said mounting means and retention of said crystal drive gear in mating engagement with a final drive gear of said transmission. 26. The device of claim 18 wherein said crystal drive shaft includes, proximal to an inferior terminus thereof, a means of affixing said suspension means. 27. The device of claim 26 wherein said means of affixing said suspension means is a bore, groove or loop. 28. The device of claim 18 wherein said crystal suspension means is a hook, line, string or cord. 29. The device of claim 28 wherein said suspension means is fabricated of metal. 30. The device of claim 28 wherein said suspension means is fabricated of a natural or synthetic fiber. 31. The device of claim 18 wherein said refractory crystal includes a bore located proximal to a peripheral edge thereof, for receipt and retention of said crystal engagement means. 