A soft serve ice cream vending machine is disclosed. The vending machine includes a machine cabinet; a door pivotably connected to he machine cabinet; the door including a cup dispensing slot and an ice cream dispensing slot; a product dispensing button connected to the door; a cup dispenser adapted to dispense a cup and connected to the door; a money acceptor connected to the door; a flexible product container connected to a freezer engine adapted to receive a product, the freezer engine having an outlet proximate to the ice cream dispensing slot; a venturi air valve connected to the freezer engine; a spigot control device connected to the freezer engine and to the product dispensing button, whereby upon engagement of the product dispensing button the spigot control device engages the freezer engine for a predetermined period of time.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A soft serve ice cream vending machine apparatus comprising: a. a machine cabinet having an interior and an exterior; b. a door pivotably connected to said exterior of said machine cabinet, said door having an interior face and an exterior face, said door including a cup dispensing slot and an ice cream dispensing slot; c. a product dispensing button operatively connected to said exterior face of said door; d. a cup dispenser adapted to dispense a cup and operatively connected to said interior face of said door; e. a money acceptor operatively connected to said exterior face of said door, wherein said product dispensing button is enabled and said cup dispenser dispenses said cup upon acceptance of a predetermined amount of money; f. at least one flexible product container operatively connected to said interior of said machine cabinet, each of said at least one flexible product container having a valve and containing a product; g. a freezer support operatively connected to said interior of said machine cabinet; h. at least one freezer engine adapted to receive said product, said freezer engine operatively connected to said freezer support and having a spigot proximate to said ice cream dispensing slot; i. a support bar operatively connected to said interior of said machine cabinet; j. a venturi air valve operatively mounted to said support bar and operatively connected to said at least one freezer engine; k. a plurality of tubing interconnecting said at least one flexible product container and said venturi air valve; and l. a spigot control device operatively connected to said freezer engine and to said product dispensing button, whereby upon engagement of said product dispensing button said spigot control device opens said spigot for a predetermined period of time. 2. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said at least one flexible product container includes a hangar. 3. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said spigot control device is a solenoid. 4. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said spigot control device is a cam and motor. 5. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising a lighted sign operatively connected to said exterior of said door. 6. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said at least one flexible product container is a plastic bag. 7. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein said at least one flexible product container has a size, and said size is selected from the group consisting of 2.5 gallons and 5 gallons. 8. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising a product sensor to determine a level of product in said flexible product container. 9. The apparatus according to claim 1, wherein a number of said at least one flexible product container is selected from the group consisting of 2, 3, and 4. 10. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising a cup dispensing sensor operatively connected to said cup dispenser. 11. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising at least one other freezer engine. 12. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising a syrup dispenser. 13. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising a battery and solar charger. 14. The apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising a computer operatively mounted to said interior of said machine cabinet. 15. The apparatus of claim 14, further comprising a modem operatively connected to said computer. 16. The apparatus of claim 14, further comprising a network operatively connected to said computer. 17. The apparatus of claim 14, further comprising a data structure. 18. The apparatus according to claim 17, wherein said data structure is operatively connected to said spigot control device. 19. A soft serve ice cream vending machine apparatus comprising: a. a machine cabinet having an interior and an exterior; b. a door pivotably connected to said exterior of said machine cabinet, said door having an interior face and an exterior face, said door including a cup dispensing slot and an ice cream dispensing slot; c. a product dispensing button operatively connected to said exterior face of said door; d. a cup dispenser adapted to dispense a cup and operatively connected to said interior face of said door; e. a money acceptor operatively connected to said exterior face of said door, wherein said product dispensing button is enabled and said cup dispenser dispenses said cup upon acceptance of a predetermined amount of money; f. a first flexible product container operatively connected to said interior of said machine cabinet, said first flexible product container having a valve and containing a first product; g. a second flexible product container operatively connected to said interior of said machine cabinet, said second flexible product container having a valve and containing a first product; h. a freezer support operatively connected to said interior of said machine cabinet; i. a first freezer engine adapted to receive said first product, said first freezer engine operatively connected to said freezer support and having a first spigot proximate to said ice cream dispensing slot for dispensing a first ice cream flavor; j. a second freezer engine adapted to receive said second product, said second freezer engine operatively connected to said freezer support and having a second spigot proximate to said ice cream dispensing slot for dispensing a second ice cream flavor; k. a support bar connected to said interior of said machine cabinet; l. a first venturi air valve connected to said support bar and to said first freezer engine; m. a second venturi air valve connected to said support bar and to said second freezer engine; n. a plurality of first tubing interconnecting said first flexible product container and said first venturi air valve; o. a plurality of second tubing interconnecting said second flexible product container and said second venturi air valve; p. a first spigot control device operatively connected to said first freezer engine; q. a second spigot control device operatively to said second freezer engine; and r. a flavor selection switch electrically connected to said first spigot control device and to said second spigot control device, whereby upon engagement of said product dispensing button said flavor selection switch sends a signal to said first spigot control device or to said second spigot control device. 20. The soft serve ice cream vending machine apparatus according to claim 19, wherein said flavor selection switch sends a signal to said first spigot control device and to said second spigot control device. 21. A method of assembling an ice cream vending machine, the method comprising the steps of: a. providing a machine cabinet having an interior and an exterior; b. pivotably connecting a door to said exterior of said machine cabinet, said door having an interior face and an exterior face, said door including a cup dispensing slot and an ice cream dispensing slot; c. connecting a product dispensing button to said exterior face of said door; d. connecting a cup dispenser adapted to dispense a cup to said interior face of said door; e. connecting a money acceptor to said exterior face of said door, wherein said product dispensing button is enabled and said cup dispenser dispenses said cup upon acceptance of a predetermined amount of money; f. connecting at least one flexible product container to said interior of said machine cabinet, each of said at least one flexible product container having a valve and containing a product; g. connecting a freezer support to said interior of said machine cabinet; h. connecting at least one freezer engine to said freezer support, said at least one freezer engine adapted to receive said product and having an outlet proximate to said ice cream dispensing slot; i. connecting a support bar to said interior of said machine cabinet; j. mounting a venturi air valve to said support bar and to said at least one freezer engine; k. interconnecting a plurality of tubing to said at least one flexible product container and to said venturi air valve; and l. connecting a spigot control device to said at least one freezer engine and to said product dispensing button, whereby upon engagement of said product dispensing button, said spigot control device engages said freezer engine for a predetermined period of time. 22. A method of vending ice cream, the method comprising the steps of: a. receiving money in a first step; b. enabling a product dispensing button after said step of receiving said money; c. dispensing a cup while simultaneously enabling said product; d. placing said dispensed cup within an ice cream dispensing slot; e. engaging a flavor selection switch; f. engaging said product dispensing button; g. sending a signal to at least one spigot control device after said product dispensing button has been engaged; and h. dispensing ice cream for a predetermined period of time after said at least one spigot control device has received said signal. 23. In a soft serve ice cream vending machine, the machine having a machine cabinet, a door pivotably connected to the machine cabinet, the door including a cup dispensing slot and an ice cream dispensing slot, a cup dispenser, a money acceptor, and a freezer engine having a spigot, the improvement comprising: a. at least one flexible product container operatively connected to the machine cabinet and fluidly connected to the freezer engine, each of said at least one flexible product container containing a product; b. a product dispensing button operatively connected to the door; and c. a spigot control device operatively connected to said freezer engine and to said product dispensing button, whereby upon engagement of said product dispensing button said spigot control device opens the spigot for a predetermined period of time. 