A remote control unit of wireless operation and/or control of electrical and electronic microdevices, such as communication transceivers and hearing aids. The remote control is contained in a clip-on, slip-on, and/or attachable housing or enclosure. The housing or enclosure is designed to be mounted on an object worn or carried by a person using, for instance, a communication device or hearing aid.
Claims 1. Remote control unit for the wireless operation/control of electrical and electronic microdevices such as communication transceivers or hearing aids, characterized in that the said remote control is contained in a clip-on, slip-on and/or attachable housing or enclosure (13) designed to be mounted on an object (1) worn or carried by a person using for instance a communication device or hearing aid on a daily basis. 2. Remote control unit as in claim 1, characterized in that the housing or enclosure (13) is provided with spring clips or clamp-like sections (7) for the preferably detachable mounting on said object (1). 3. Remote control unit as in claim 1, characterized in that the housing or enclosure is provided with a velcro strip, an adhesive, suction cups or similar fasteners for the detachable mounting on the daily-use object. 4. Remote control unit as in one of the claims 1 to 3, characterized in that for the supply of electric power it is provided with a battery, preferably a flat cell, or a rechargeable storage battery for instance in the form of a flexible polymeric storage battery, or an active element such as a thermoelectric converter, a piezoelectric converter, solar cells or the like. 5. Remote control unit as in one of the claims 1 to 4, characterized in that the housing or enclosure is provided with control elements such as push buttons in the form of conductive polymers, keys located next to the spring clips or clamp-like sections (7), etc. 6. Remote control unit as in one of the claims 1 to 5, characterized in that the said daily-use object is provided with a holder or counterpart, preferably attached in a permanent manner, on which the housing or enclosure can be mounted in preferably detachable fashion. 7. Remote control unit as in one of the claims 1 to 6, designed as a clip-on, slip-on or attachable housing preferably to be mounted on the back of the case of a wrist watch. 8. Remote control unit as in one of the claims 1 to 7, designed as a clip-on, slip-on or attachable housing to be mounted on wrist-watch cases of different sizes i.e. different diameters and featuring electronic circuitry housed in a centrally located enclosure as well as several resilient legs that consist of an elastomeric polymer, a rubber-like material such as hydrophilic rubber or a metallic material coated for instance with a hydrophilic rubber, an example being unobtanium. 9. Remote control unit as in one of the claims 1 to 8, characterized in that the enclosure (13) can be produced by an additive process preferably in custom-fit fashion adapted to an object such as the case of a wrist watch. 10. Hearing aid with a wireless remote control unit per one of the claims 1 to 9, serving for the control of said hearing aid. 