A solar cell unit includes a solar cell module, a module frame provided around the solar cell module as supporting the solar cell module for mounting the solar cell unit on an oblique roof, and a drain channel provided along an edge of the module frame outside the module frame.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar cell unit comprising: a solar cell module; a module frame provided around the solar cell module as supporting the solar cell module for mounting the solar cell unit on an oblique roof; and a drain channel provided along an edge of the module frame outside the module frame. 2. A solar cell unit as set forth in claim 1, wherein the solar cell module has a rectangular shape; the module frame includes two horizontal frame portions provided parallel to each other to be disposed on a roof ridge side and on an eave side, respectively, when the solar cell unit is mounted on the oblique roof, and a first side frame portion and a second side frame portion respectively extending from opposite ends of one of the horizontal frame portions to opposite ends of the other horizontal frame portion; and the drain channel is provided along an outer side of the first side frame portion. 3. A solar cell unit as set forth in claim 1, wherein the drain channel has a rib projecting upward from a bottom of the drain channel and extending longitudinally of the drain channel. 4. A solar cell unit as set forth in claim 2, wherein the drain channel has a barrier plate which closes one end of the drain channel located on the roof ridge side. 5. A solar cell unit as set forth in claim 2, wherein the drain channel includes a channel bottom and opposite side walls; the second side frame portion has a planar projection projecting horizontally outward from an entire upper edge of the second side frame portion; and the projection is located at a higher level than the side walls of the drain channel. 6. A solar cell unit as set forth in claim 5, wherein the drain channel and the projection each have a predetermined width; and the width of the drain channel is greater than the width of the projection. 7. A solar cell unit as set forth in claim 5, wherein the projection has a rib projecting downward from a rear surface of the projection and extending along the second side frame portion for dripping rainwater flowing along the rear surface of the projection. 8. A solar cell unit as set forth in claim 5, wherein the first side frame portion further has an auxiliary drain channel projecting under the module and extending along an inner side of the first side frame portion. 9. A solar cell unit as set forth in claim 5, wherein the first side frame portion further has a planar auxiliary projection projecting horizontally outward from an entire upper edge of the first side frame portion. 10. A method for mounting a plurality of solar cell units on an oblique roof, the solar cell units each comprising: a rectangular solar cell module; a module frame provided around the solar cell module as supporting the solar cell module for mounting the solar cell unit on an oblique roof, the module frame including two horizontal frame portions provided parallel to each other to be disposed on a roof ridge side and on an eave side, respectively, when the solar cell unit is mounted on the oblique roof, and a first side frame portion and a second side frame portion respectively extending from opposite ends of one of the horizontal frame portions to opposite ends of the other horizontal frame portion; and a drain channel provided along an outer side of the first side frame portion, the method comprising the step of mounting the solar cell units parallel to a roof ridge or an eave on the oblique roof so that the first side frame portion of one of two adjacent solar cell units and the second frame portion of the other solar cell unit are opposed to each other with a gap being defined therebetween and the drain channel provided along the first side frame portion of the one unit is located below the gap. 11. A method for mounting a solar cell unit on a partly tile-covered oblique roof, the solar cell unit comprising: a rectangular solar cell module; a module frame provided around the solar cell module as supporting the solar cell module for mounting the solar cell unit on an oblique roof, the module frame including two horizontal frame portions provided parallel to each other to be disposed on a roof ridge side and on an eave side, respectively, when the solar cell unit is mounted on the oblique roof, and a first side frame portion and a second side frame portion respectively extending from opposite ends of one of the horizontal frame portions to opposite ends of the other horizontal frame portion; and a drain channel provided along an outer side of the first side frame portion, the method comprising the steps of: providing a rectangular installation region on the oblique roof, the rectangular installation region having two horizontal edges parallel to a roof ridge or an eave and two side edges respectively extending from opposite ends of one of the horizontal edges to opposite ends of the other horizontal edge; and mounting the unit on the installation region so that the first side frame portion of the unit is opposed to one of the side edges of the installation region to provide a gap between the first side frame portion and the one side edge and the drain channel provided along the first side frame portion is located below the gap; wherein the side edges of the installation region are each defined by a side edge of a roof tile; and the gap providing step comprises the step of providing the gap between the first side frame portion and the side edge of the roof tile. 12. A method for mounting a solar cell unit on a partly tile-covered oblique roof, the solar cell unit comprising: a rectangular solar cell module; a module frame provided around the solar cell module as supporting the solar cell module for mounting the solar cell unit on an oblique roof, the module frame including two horizontal frame portions provided parallel to each other to be disposed on a roof ridge side and on an eave side, respectively, when the solar cell unit is mounted on the oblique roof, and a first side frame portion and a second side frame portion respectively extending from opposite ends of one of the horizontal frame portions to opposite ends of the other horizontal frame portion; and a drain channel provided along an outer side of the first side frame portion, the method comprising the steps of: providing a rectangular installation region on the oblique roof, the rectangular installation region having two horizontal edges parallel to a roof ridge or an eave and two side edges respectively extending from opposite ends of one of the horizontal edges to opposite ends of the other horizontal edge; and mounting the unit on the installation region so that the second side frame portion of the unit is opposed to one of the side edges of the installation region to provide a gap between the second side frame portion and the one side edge; wherein the one side edge of the installation region is defined by a side edge of a roof tile; the side edge of the roof tile opposed to the second side frame portion has an underlap portion projecting horizontally outward from a lower portion of the side edge; and the gap providing step comprises the step of providing the gap between the second side frame portion and the side edge of the roof tile so that the underlap portion of the roof tile is located below the gap. 