A remotely powered heliostat system includes a plurality of heliostats each having a reflection panel movably disposed on a structural member. At least one motor is disposed between each heliostat and the structural member to position each heliostat. The plurality of heliostats is further divisible into at least two groups of heliostats, each group operable by one of a plurality of radio frequency receivers electrically connected to each motor. Each radio frequency receiver wirelessly receives a heliostat positioning command for the group from a remote transmitter. A processor analyzes solar position and generates the heliostat positioning command. Encoders on each heliostat keep track of the heliostat position. Each motor is connected to a local battery unit to provide electrical power. The system provides local power to operate each heliostat, and a wireless signal to control heliostat position, eliminating dependence on a single source of power for the heliostats.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A remotely powered heliostat system, comprising: a plurality of heliostats each including a reflector movably disposed on an associated structural member, each said reflector having at least one facet; at least one motor disposed between each said reflector and said associated structural member; said plurality of heliostats being further divisible into at least two groups of heliostats; and each said heliostat further including a wireless receiver to operably receive a wireless heliostat positioning command for each said heliostat of each said group to remotely position each said heliostat. 2. The system of claim 1, comprising a battery unit connectably disposed to each said group of said heliostats to operatively provide a source of electrical power to each said group of said heliostats. 3. The system of claim 2, comprising at least one photovoltaic cell array disposed approximate to each said group of heliostats operatively providing a recharging current to said battery unit. 4. The system of claim 3, comprising an electrical conditioning system connectably disposed between said photovoltaic cell array and said battery unit. 5. The system of claim 4, comprising a battery monitoring system electrically connected to said electrical conditioning system. 6. The system of claim 1, comprising: said heliostat positioning command being operable within a radio frequency range; and an electrical connection disposed between said radio frequency receiver and said motor. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein each said heliostat further comprises a battery unit operatively providing a source of electrical power to said motor. 8. The system of claim 7, wherein each said heliostat further comprises a photovoltaic cell array operatively providing a recharging current to said battery unit. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein said at least one motor includes a reflector azimuth control motor and a reflector elevation control motor. 10. A power generation system, comprising: a plurality of heliostats each having a reflector movably disposed on a structural member, said plurality of heliostats being operably divisible into at least two groups of heliostats; at least one motor disposed between each said reflector and said structural member operably controlling an orientation of said reflector; a transmitter uniquely associated with and in wireless communication with each said group, operable to wirelessly transmit a distinct set of heliostat group position signals to said heliostat group; and a radio frequency receiver electrically connected to each said heliostat and in wireless communication with said transmitter, operable to receive said heliostat group position signals and direct an operation of said motor. 11. The system of claim 10, comprising: a battery unit disposed approximate to each said heliostat, said battery unit electrically connectable to said motor; and a photovoltaic cell array connectable to said battery unit to recharge said battery unit. 12. The system of claim 10, comprising at least one processor communicatively linked with said transmitter, said processor operably generating each said heliostat group position signal. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein each said heliostat group position signal comprises one of a unique frequency range, and a unique address on a single frequency. 14. The system of claim 10, comprising a plurality of heliostat orientations each operably determined by said processor. 15. The system of claim 10, comprising a fail-safe orientation signal for each said heliostat, pre-programmable into said receiver and operably positioning each said heliostat upon loss of said group position signal. 16. The system of claim 10, wherein said at least one processor comprises a plurality of individual processors each positionable adjacent to one of said group of heliostats. 17. A method to control a plurality of heliostats, comprising the steps of: arranging a plurality of heliostats into at least two groups; generating a plurality of unique directional control signals; wirelessly transmitting select ones of said directional control signals to one of said groups; using said select ones of said directional control signals to position each said heliostat of said one group; and globally positioning said plurality of heliostats in a fail-safe position upon loss of said directional control signals. 18. The method of claim 17, comprising selecting one of a unique frequency and a unique address on a single frequency for each of said directional control signals. 19. The method of claim 17, comprising operating at least one electric motor to locally position each said heliostat. 20. The method of claim 19, comprising powering each said electric motor with a battery unit. 21. The method of claim 20, comprising recharging said battery unit from a photovoltaic cell array. 22. The method of claim 17, comprising: calculating an orientation of each said heliostat relative to a solar position; and adjusting an orientation of each said heliostat to reflect solar radiation incident thereon. 23. The method of claim 17, comprising disposing a radio frequency receiver on each said heliostat to receive said directional control signal. 