A heating and cooling system for an enclosure includes a positionable solar panel assembly that supplies power to all the power consuming components of the system. A mountable sun tracking assembly continuously detects the position of the sun and adjusts the position of the solar panels to follow the movement of the sun during the day and to reposition the solar panels in the evening to receive the morning sun the following day. One or more ventilation assemblies mountable in one or more openings in the enclosure controllably supplies heated or cooled air into the enclosure, evacuating inside air, re-circulating inside air, and/or circulating outside air in response to control signals from the sun tracking assembly. A control box mounted inside the enclosure selectively controls operation and testing of the system. A dome is provided as an aesthetic covering for the ventilation assembly.
Claims 1. A heating and cooling system comprising: a positionable solar panel assembly having a plurality of solar panels, the solar panel assembly being configured to supply power to power consuming components of the heating and cooling system; a sun tracking assembly interconnected to the solar panel assembly, the sun tracking assembly being configured to continually detect a position of the sun and provide control signals to adjust a position of the plurality of solar panels of the solar panel assembly to follow the movement of the sun during a day, and to reposition the plurality of solar panels for following the sun a subsequent day; at least one ventilation assembly configured to controllably supply heated and cooled air into a space, evacuate air from the space, re-circulate air from the space, or circulate outside air through the space in response to control signals from the sun tracking assembly; and a system control interconnected to the solar panel assembly and the sun tracking assembly, the system control being configured to selectively control operation and testing of the at least one ventilation assembly, and being configured to operate in an OFF, AUTO, SMART AIR, WARM AIR or COOL AIR mode selection. 2. The heating and cooling system according to claim 1, further comprising a dome attachable to the at least one ventilation assembly to provide an aesthetic covering for the at least one ventilation assembly. 3. The heating and cooling system according to claim 1, wherein the solar panel assembly further comprises: a solar panel mounting frame with a bottom side; and an elongated rectangular metal frame member having corner flanges, a bottom side, and a topside, wherein the bottom side of the frame member is pivotally attached to the bottom side of the solar panel mounting frame. 4. The heating and cooling system according to claim 3, wherein each solar panel of the plurality of solar panels has an upper end, a lower end, and opposing sides. 5. The heating and cooling system according to claim 4, further comprising a first linking bar pivotally interconnected with one side of a lower end of each solar panel of the plurality of solar panels. 6. The heating and cooling system according to claim 5, further comprising a second linking bar pivotally interconnected to the opposing side of upper end of each solar panel of the plurality of solar panels. 7. The heating and cooling system according to claim 4, wherein each solar panel of the plurality of solar panels has a snap-on rear surface for spilling wind in areas having high winds. 8. The heating and cooling system according to claim 7, further comprising a first repositioning motor with a drive gear, the first repositioning motor being affixed to the mounting frame. 9. The heating and cooling system according to claim 8, wherein the rear surface of one of the plurality of solar panels has a hemispherical gear centrally affixed the rear surface of the one solar panel, the hemispherical gear meshing with the drive gear of the first positioning motor to cause the plurality of solar panels to pivot back and forth in response to actuation of the first positioning motor to follow daily movements of the sun. 10. The heating and cooling system according to claim 8, further comprising a second repositioning motor affixed to the mounting frame. 11. The heating and cooling system according to claim 10, wherein the rear surface of one of the plurality of solar panels has a hemispherical gear centrally affixed the rear surface of the one solar panel, the hemispherical gear meshing with the drive gear of the second positioning motor to cause the plurality of solar panels to pivot back and forth in response to actuation of the first positioning motor to follow daily movements of the sun. 12. The heating and cooling system according to claim 1, wherein the system control comprises a processing unit. 13. The heating and cooling system according to claim 12, wherein the processing unit is a programmable micro-processing chip. 14. The heating and cooling system according to claim 13, wherein the processing unit is configured to provide drive signals to positional motors for moving the solar panels and mounting frame in response to detected positions of the sun. 15. The heating and cooling system according to claim 14, wherein the system control further comprises an indoor air temperature sensor and an outdoor temperature sensor. 16. The heating and cooling system according to claim 15, further comprising inside and outside blinds, vent doors, a fan, a pump, and a heater. 17. The heating and cooling system according to claim 16, further comprising a water reservoir. 18. The heating and cooling system according to claim 16, further comprising test lights. 