Ecosystem that is highly efficient and environmental is shown. Turbo Hydrogen engine with controlled combustion using the recycling of un-combusted gases such as hydrogen and oxygen can be embedded to this ecosystem. Solar energy and wind energy can be used as external energy source. The energy of motion of a vehicle is charged back to usable energy when it reduces the motion.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. In an ecology system, said system comprising group comprising confiner means comprising group comprising container, insulator, wall, ceiling, floor, boundary maker, material, control system means comprising group comprising energy, entropy, field, particles, potential, kinetic energy, heat, vibration, information, time, space, energy supply means supplying energy to energy converter and transfer means, storing energy means that separate or electrolyze original component means to separated components means using said energy converted and transferred by said energy converter and transfer means, emitting energy means and said storing energy means in which energy can be exchanged with or without energy charger & releaser means, said energy charger and releaser means in which energy from said energy converter and transfer means is charged and released, in which energy from said emitting energy means and said storing energy means is charged and released, components containers, heat pipes, pipes, energy transferring lines, alternatively, pressure heat managing system means, cooling system, and Alternatively, yoshino system, yoshino time machine, 2. The ecology system defined in claim 1, wherein said energy supply means is composed of the group of combinations comprising solar energy, wind energy, heat energy, electrical energy, nuclear energy, and external electricity supply. 3. The ecology system defined in claim 1, wherein said energy converter and transfer means is composed of the group of combinations comprising Energy converter of solar energy to electrical energy, solar panels, solar thermal electricity generator, solar unit with multi-layer boundary, Energy converter of wind energy to motion to electricity, wind fan electricity generator, Energy converter of heat energy to electricity, heater of water, heater of said chemical components, piezo element and Energy converter of motion to electricity, electricity generator, electromagnetic electricity generator, and motor. 4. The ecology system defined in claim 1, wherein said storing energy means is composed of group comprising Particles separating system, electrolysis system comprising Electrode means comprising the group of combinations comprising inorganic components such as platinum, metals, and organic components, and Components separating chambers that electrolyze said original components means to generate said separated chemical component means, and alternatively, heating system of said original components. 5. The ecology system defined in claim 1, wherein said emitting energy means is composed of the group of combinations comprising Fuel cell means comprising group comprising fuel cell, Proton exchange membrane fuel Cell, Alkaline fuel cell Phosphoric-acid fuel cell, Solid oxide fuel cell Molten carbonate fuel cell, and Hydrogen-oxygen fuel cell. Fuel means comprising group comprising Gas, liquid, solid, plasma, particle, super string, chemical, hydrogen, oxygen, metal-hydrate, carbon-hydrate, alcohol, inorganic material, organic material, Super conductor, Super conductor magnet, Superconductor motor means, comprising group comprising, superconductor motor, motor, generator, electrical motor, superconductor magnet, type one super conductor magnet, type two super conductor magnet, type three superconductor magnet, cooling system, chemicals, coolant, hydrogen, oxygen, nitrogen, electricity, and magnet, Superconductor generator means, comprising group comprising, superconductor generator, generator, motor, ring superconductor motor, super sound motor, super sound super conductor motor, superconductor magnet, electricity generator, type one super conductor magnet, type two super conductor magnet, type three semiconductor magnet, cooling system, chemicals, coolant hydrogen, oxygen, nitrogen, electricity, and magnet, System energy controlling unit means comprising group comprising switch, transistor, integrated circuit, capacitor, coil, computer, battery, storing energy unit, fuel cells, energy supplying units, Heat managing system means to control the temperature or heat of components comprising group comprising said superconductor motor, said superconductor generator means, said system energy controlling unit means, said fuel cell means, heat managing system to carry the heat from engine or motor. Alternatively, hydrogen engine means comprising group comprising hydrogen engine, turbo hydrogen engine, hydrogen jet engine, turbo hydrogen jet engine, nuclear fission engine, nuclear fusion engine, plasma engine, hydrogen and oxygen engine, hydrogen and oxygen engine with fuel exchanger, fuel mixer, fuel controller, character sensor, ram engine, and hydrogen ram engine, 6. The ecology system defined in claim 1, wherein said energy charger and releaser means is composed of the group of combinations comprising Battery, chemical battery, secondary battery, dry cell battery, mercury battery, lead storage battery, nickel cadmium battery, fuel cells, aluminum air battery, superconductor energy charger and releaser, and electromagnetic energy charger and releaser. 7. The ecology system defined in claim 1, wherein said original component means is composed of the group of combinations comprising Water, chemical components that can be electrolyzed, organic chemical components, ethanol, ethyl alcohol, methyl alcohol, heptanes, acids to increase the amount of ions of original chemical components such as hydrochloride acid, nitric acid, perchloride acid, sulfuric acid, and Helium, resultant components of nuclear fusion. 8. The ecology system defined in claim 1, wherein said separated components means is composed of the group of combinations comprising Hydrogen, oxygen, chemical components that is results of electrolysis of said original components, protons, deuterium, tritium, and helium. 9. The ecology system defined in claim 1, wherein said pressure and heat managing system means is composed of the group of combinations comprising Pipes, heat pipes, piezo, heat-electricity converter, piezo-heat-electricity converter, coolant such as water, hydrogen-oxygen and water separating filter, hydrogen-oxygen and water separting chamber, and compressor that compress said separated component means 10. In yoshino time machine system, box type yoshino time machine comprising group comprising Element means comprising group comprising superstring, elementary particle, particle, atom, molecule, chemical, physical matter, matter, wave, sound, vibration, field, potential, temperature, energy, momentum, spin, beam, nano-element, carbon-hydrate, benzene-chemical, carbon sixty, and carbon seventy, Element container, to have proper behavior of said element means, Element emitter means comprising group comprising Emit unit, laser, red ray laser, green ray laser, blue ray laser, infrared laser, ultraviolet laser, electron laser, positron laser, beam, particle, laser, energy beam, and energy laser, Element receiver means comprising group comprising Mirror, sense unit, reflector, laser, red ray laser, green ray laser, blue ray laser, infrared laser, ultraviolet laser, electron laser, positron laser, beam, particle, laser, energy beam, and energy laser, Element behavior monitoring means comprising group comprising Sensor to measure character of element, Sensor to measure chats of element in different time and location, Sensor to measure characters of plurality of elements, Element analyzing means comprising group comprising Computer, database, and combination-probability information handler. Memory means comprising group comprising Memory, hard drive, recording device, comparing device, verifier, and wafer, Input information system, Converting information system, and Output information system, 11. Plasma jet engine comprising group comprising a. particle means, b. current generator means, c. field generator means, d. plasma flux controller means, e. controller means f. material means, and g. yoshino system. 12. In the claim of 11, wherein said particle means comprising group comprising ion, electron, charged element, plasma, plasma sheet, plasma field, particle, particle fields, energy field, fuel, elementary particle, super string, boson, fermions, atom, molecules, and chemical. 13. In the claim of 11, wherein said current generator means comprising group comprising current generator, voltage maker, energy supply, solar panel, and fuel cell. 14. In the claim of 11, wherein said field generator means comprising group comprising magnetic field, electric field, electromagnetic field, energy field, momentum field, plasma field, vector field, tensor field, and plasma sheet. 15. In the claim of 11, wherein said plasma flux controller means comprising group comprising electric field or potential generator and controller, magnetic field or potential generator and controller, electro-magnetic field or potential generator and controller, heat field or potential generator and controller, energy field or potential generator and controller, superconductor magnet, superconductor energy charger, superconductor wire, and superconductor field generator. 16. In the claim of 11, wherein said controller means comprising group comprising computer, integrated circuit, battery, fuel cell, solar panel solar unit, wind energy capture, solar wind energy capture, solar wind holder, solar wind shield, cooling system, and temperature controlling system. 17. In the claim of 11, wherein material means comprising group comprising material, superconductor, insulator, heat insulator, body material, body element, electrodes, container, shield, plasma shields, and plasma sheet, 18. Ion cooling system comprising group comprising particle means comprising group comprising ion, ion gas, ion liquid, plasma, gas, liquid, and solid, potential maker means comprising group comprising voltage maker, electrode, electrodes, ground, magnet, magnetic field maker, electric field maker, energy supply, potential supply, gravity field maker, and maker, compressor means comprising group comprising compressor, fan, energy supply, pressure supply, and compression maker, laser means comprising group comprising laser, red ray laser, green ray laser, blue ray laser, infrared laser, ultraviolet laser, electron laser, positron laser, beam, particle, laser, energy beam, and energy laser, energy supply means comprising group comprising energy supply, solar panel solar wind energy receiver, wind energy receiver, fuel cell, container means comprising group comprising body, insulator, plasma shield, plasma sheath, material, rigid body, soft body, and mixed body, material means comprising group comprising body, insulator, plasma shield, plasma sheath, material, rigid body, soft body, mixed body, and said particle means. 19. Instant traveling or copying system having yoshino time machine system. 20. In the claim of 1, 10, 11, 18, 19, wherein plurality of said system. 21. Process to make product comprising group comprising sheet material, product, metal plastic, glass, organic material, inorganic material, fuel, plasma, liquid, solid, and gas, vehicle, food, information, data computer, having combinations of group processes of copying, sending, printing, transporting, summing, putting, lining, cutting, melting, laser cutting, plasma cutting, shaping, folding, attaching, moving, whenever moving, wherever moting, conveying, shifting, roting, bending, shearing, extending, condensing, melting, spraying, pealing, coating, plasma-coating, adding, subtracting, multiplying, dividing, assembling, attaching, polishing, painting, holding, exhaling, cleaning, analyzing, packaging, taping, checking, and containing. 22. In the claim of 21, wherein said process comprising group process, getting order, getting order through internet, getting order from future, getting order from past, getting order from present, making massive amount, copying, designing for customer, modifying design, modifying process, importing, getting materials on line, assembling bottom portion of vehicle, letting vehicle move through the line, robot arm assembling, shifting product, folding proper sections, attaching gaps, melting gaps, adding connecting element to gap, polishing connecting element, sensor checking, showing signs, analyzing, attaching more parts, typing, taping, doing repetitive processes, painting, packaging, containing, exporting, receiving money, checking customer satisfactions, feeding back, feeding forward, and combining reactions to products. 