A system for presenting information at a traffic area, the traffic area having visually-identifiable curbing, the system including a traffic area, curbing at the traffic area, the curbing comprising visually-identifiable curbing, information presentation means in the curbing, the information presentation means visually viewable by an occupant of a vehicle adjacent the curbing, the information presentation means including at least one display apparatus in the curbing for presenting information to a person at the traffic area, and the at least one display apparatus is a projection apparatus.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A system for presenting information at a traffic area, the traffic area having visually-identifiable curbing, the system comprising a traffic area, curbing at the traffic area, the curbing comprising visually-identifiable curbing, information presentation means in the curbing, the information presentation means visually viewable by an occupant of a vehicle adjacent the curbing, the information presentation means including at least one display apparatus in the curbing for presenting information to a person at the traffic area, and the at least one display apparatus is a projection apparatus. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein the projection apparatus is within the curbing. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein the projection apparatus is outside the curbing. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein the information presentation means presents information from the group consisting of logo, trademark, service mark, trade name, brand message, phone number, symbols, advertising, internet website address, geographic directions, and radio station setting. 5. The system of claim 1 wherein the information presentation means is electrically powered and the system further comprises solar power means for providing electrical power to the information presentation means. 6. The system of claim 1 wherein the traffic area is from the group consisting of parking area, roadway, mall walkway, crosswalk. 7. The system of claim 6 further comprising switch apparatus interconnected with the at least one display for selective activation of the at least one display. 8. The system of claim 6 further comprising remote control apparatus for selectively activating the at least one display. 9. The system of claim 6 wherein the at least one display presents a static image. 10. The system of claim 6 wherein the at least one electronic display presents a series of images presented sequentially. 11. A signage system for a traffic area, the traffic area comprising visually-identifiable boundary markers, the signage system comprising sign means at the boundary markers, the sign means visually viewable by a person adjacent the boundary markers, wherein the traffic area is from the group consisting of parking lot, roadway, mall walkway and crosswalk, wherein the traffic area includes pavement and the sign means is in or on the pavement, wherein the sign means includes at least one electronic display apparatus for presenting information to a person at the traffic area, and wherein the at least one electronic display apparatus is from the group consisting of screen, panel, projection apparatus, flat screen, back-lit panel, back-lit screen, and video monitor. 12. The signage system of claim 11 wherein the sign means includes traffic marking tape which has thereon or therein information indicia. 13. The signage system of claim 11 further comprising interaction apparatus at the parking area for providing communication between a vehicle occupant at the traffic area and an entity remote from the traffic area, wherein the entity is from the group consisting of a live person, a business, a database, security personnel, and a message playback system. 14. The signage system of claim 11 wherein the at least one electronic display is electrically powered and the signage system further comprises solar power means for providing electrical power to the at least one electronic display. 15. A system for presenting information at a traffic area, the system comprising information presentation means located at the traffic area, the information presentation means visually viewable by a person in a vehicle adjacent the information presentation means, interaction apparatus at the traffic area for a person in a vehicle to interact with an entity to gain information from the information presentation apparatus, wherein the information presentation means includes at least one display apparatus for presenting information to a person at the traffic area from the group consisting of screen, panel, flat screen, back-lit panel, back-lit screen, projection apparatus, and video monitor, wherein the entity is from the group consisting of a live person, a business, a database, security personnel, and a message playback system, wherein the traffic area is from the group consisting of parking area, roadway, mall walkway, crosswalk. 16. The system of claim 15 further comprising switch apparatus interconnected with the at least one display for selective activation of the at least one display. 17. The system of claim 15 further comprising remote control apparatus for selectively activating the at least one display. 18. The system of claim 15 wherein the at least one display presents a static image. 19. The system of claim 15 wherein the at least one display presents a series of images presented sequentially. 20. A system for presenting information at a traffic structure, the traffic structure including pavement, the system comprising information presentation means located at the traffic structure, the information presentation means visually viewable by a person in a vehicle adjacent the information presentation means, wherein the information presentation means includes tape applied to the traffic structure for presenting information to a person at the traffic structure, the tape bearing information, wherein the traffic structure is from the group including parking area, roadway, mall walkway, speed bump, barrier, or crosswalk, the tape comprising a multi-layer tape with a protective clear layer. 