A metrology system includes a laser, a position sensitive detector array, a first collimator, a second collimator, and a mirror. The position sensitive detector array and the first collimator are positioned at a reference point. The second collimator and the mirror are positioned at a point target at a distance from the reference point. A laser beam is alternately provided to the first collimator and the second collimator by optical fiber. The position sensitive detector array measures position data from a first laser crosshair generated by the first collimator and from a second laser crosshair generated by the second collimator. By alternating the activation of the first collimator and the second collimator it is possible to measure 5 degrees-of-freedom for the point target. A metrology system processing unit provides analog data processing. The metrology system that is suitable for, but not limited to, facilitating active compensation of large spacecraft structures.
Claims We claim: 1. A metrology system, comprising: a laser, wherein said laser alternately provides a first laser beam and a second laser beam; a first collimator, wherein said first collimator receives said first laser beam from said laser and generates a first laser crosshair; a mirror, wherein said mirror receives and reflects said first laser crosshair; a second collimator, wherein said second collimator receives said second laser beam from said laser and generates a second laser crosshair; and a position sensitive detector array, wherein said position sensitive detector array receives said first laser crosshair and said second laser crosshair; wherein said first collimator and said position sensitive detector array are positioned at a reference point; and wherein said second collimator and said mirror are positioned at a point target distant from said reference point. 2. The metrology system of claim 1, further comprising a first optical fiber, wherein said first optical fiber feeds said first laser beam to said first collimator. 3. The metrology system of claim 1, further comprising a second optical fiber, wherein said second optical fiber feeds said second laser beam to said second collimator. 4. The metrology system of claim 1, further comprising a metrology system processing unit, wherein said metrology system processing unit is connected with said position sensitive detector array. 5. The metrology system of claim 4, wherein said metrology system processing unit determines the position and orientation of said point target relative to said reference point with 5 degrees-of-freedom. 6. The metrology system of claim 4, wherein said metrology system processing unit enables analog data processing. 7. The metrology system of claim 4, wherein said metrology system processing unit enables digital data processing. 8. A metrology system, comprising: a laser, wherein said laser alternately provides a first laser beam and a second laser beam; a first collimator, wherein said first collimator receives said first laser beam from said laser and generates a first laser crosshair; a mirror, wherein said mirror receives and reflects said first laser crosshair; a second collimator, wherein said second collimator receives said second laser beam from said laser and generates a second laser crosshair; a position sensitive detector array, wherein said position sensitive detector array receives said first laser crosshair and said second laser crosshair and wherein said position sensitive detector array outputs position data of the first laser crosshair and the second laser crosshair; and a metrology system processing unit, wherein said metrology system processing unit is connected with said position sensitive detector array and wherein said metrology system processes said position data; wherein said first collimator and said position sensitive detector array are positioned at a reference point; and wherein said second collimator and said mirror are positioned at a point target distant from said reference point. 9. The metrology system of claim 8, wherein said position sensitive detector array comprises four one-dimensional duo-lateral position sensitive detectors that are placed on a reference frame in a square formation. 10. The metrology system of claim 8, wherein said position sensitive detector array comprises three one-dimensional duo-lateral position sensitive detectors that are placed on a reference frame in a triangular formation. 11. The metrology system of claim 8, wherein said first collimator is positioned in the center of said position sensitive detector array. 12. The metrology system of claim 8, wherein said first collimator is positioned in close proximity to said position sensitive detector array. 13. The metrology system of claim 8, wherein said second collimator is positioned in the center of said mirror. 14. The metrology system of claim 8, wherein said second collimator is positioned in close proximity to said mirror. 15. The metrology system of claim 8, wherein said reference point is located at a main body of a spacecraft structure. 16. The metrology system of claim 8, wherein said point target is located at an antenna reflector at the end of an antenna boom of a spacecraft structure. 17. A metrology system, comprising: a laser, wherein said laser alternately provides a first laser beam and a second laser beam; a first collimator, wherein said first collimator receives said first laser beam from said laser and generates a first laser crosshair; a mirror, wherein said mirror receives and reflects said first laser crosshair; a second collimator, wherein said second collimator receives said second laser beam from said laser and generates a second laser crosshair; a position sensitive detector array, wherein said position sensitive detector array receives said first laser crosshair and said second laser crosshair and wherein said position sensitive detector array outputs position data of the first laser crosshair and the second laser crosshair; and a metrology system processing unit, wherein said metrology system processing unit is connected with said position sensitive detector array and wherein said metrology system processing unit provides analog data processing of said position data; wherein said first collimator and said position sensitive detector array are positioned at a main body of a spacecraft structure; and wherein said second collimator and said mirror are positioned at the end of an antenna boom of a spacecraft structure. 18. The metrology system of claim 17, further comprising an optical fiber, wherein said optical fiber feeds said second laser beam to said second collimator, and wherein said optical fiber is positioned along said antenna boom. 19. The metrology system of claim 17, further comprising a power source, wherein said power source powers said laser. 20. The metrology system of claim 19, wherein said power source is selected from the group consisting of a battery and a small set of solar panels. 21. The metrology system of claim 17, wherein said mirror comprises a polished metal surface deposited on a glass substrate. 22. The metrology system of claim 17, wherein the size of said mirror is sufficient to reflect said first laser crosshair back to said position sensitive detector array. 23. The metrology system of claim 17, further comprising a distance measurement system, wherein said distance measurement system determines the distance between said position sensitive detector array and said mirror. 24. A metrology system, comprising: a laser, wherein said laser alternately provides a first laser beam and a second laser beam; a first collimator, wherein said first collimator receives said first laser beam from said laser and generates a first laser crosshair having a center point; a first optical fiber, wherein said first optical fiber feeds said first laser beam to said first collimator; a mirror, wherein said mirror receives and reflects said first laser crosshair; a second collimator, wherein said second collimator receives said second laser beam from said laser and generates a second laser crosshair having a center point; a second optical fiber, wherein said second optical fiber feeds said second laser beam to said second collimator; a position sensitive detector array, wherein said position sensitive detector array alternately receives said first laser crosshair and said second laser crosshair and wherein said position sensitive detector array outputs position data of the first laser crosshair and the second laser crosshair; and a metrology system processing unit, wherein said metrology system processing unit is connected with said position sensitive detector array and wherein said metrology system processing unit provides analog data processing of said position data; a distance measurement system, wherein said distance measurement system determines the distance between said position sensitive detector array and said mirror; wherein said laser, said first collimator, said position sensitive detector array, and said metrology system processing unit are positioned at a main body of a spacecraft structure; wherein said first collimator and said position sensitive detector array are positioned at a reference point; wherein said second collimator and said mirror are positioned at a point target at the end of an antenna boom of a spacecraft structure; and wherein said second optical fiber is positioned along said antenna boom. 25. The metrology system of claim 24, wherein said metrology system processing unit calculates 6 degrees-of-freedom for said point target. 26. The metrology system of claim 24, wherein said metrology system processing unit comprises a sample-and-hold circuit, a first module, a second module, and a third module. 27. The metrology system of claim 26 wherein said first module evaluates the center point of said first laser cross hair and said second laser crosshair. 28. The metrology system of claim 26, wherein said second module calculates x translation, y translation, roll, pitch and yaw rotation of said point target. 29. The metrology system of claim 26, wherein said third module calculates the true twist of said point target. 30. A spacecraft structure, comprising: a main body; an antenna boom, wherein said antenna boom is attached to said main body and extends said main body; an antenna reflector; wherein said antenna reflector is attached to said antenna boom at the end opposite to said main body; and a metrology system, including: a laser, wherein said laser alternately provides a first laser beam and a second laser beam; a first collimator, wherein said first collimator receives said first laser beam from said laser and generates a first laser crosshair; a mirror, wherein said mirror receives and reflects said first laser crosshair; a second collimator, wherein said second collimator receives said second laser beam from said laser and generates a second laser crosshair; a position sensitive detector array, wherein said position sensitive detector array receives said first laser crosshair and said second laser crosshair and wherein said position sensitive detector array outputs position data of the first laser crosshair and the second laser crosshair; and a metrology system processing unit, wherein said metrology system processor is connected with said position sensitive detector array and wherein said metrology system processing unit provides data processing of said position data; wherein said laser, said first collimator, said position sensitive detector array, and said metrology system processing unit are positioned at said main body; and wherein said second collimator and said mirror are positioned at a point target at said antenna reflector at the end of said antenna boom. 31. The spacecraft structure of claim 30, further comprising a pointing mechanism, wherein said pointing mechanism is positioned at said main body, wherein said pointing mechanism is connected with said metrology system processing unit, and wherein said pointing mechanism adjusts said antenna boom and said antenna reflector using said processed position data from said metrology system processing unit. 32. The spacecraft structure of claim 30, further comprising an optical fiber, wherein said optical fiber feeds said second laser beam to said second collimator and wherein said optical fiber is positioned along said antenna boom. 33. A method for remotely measuring 5 degrees-of-freedom for a point target, comprising the steps of: feeding a first laser beam to a first collimator positioned at a reference point; generating a first laser crosshair with said first collimator; projecting said first laser crosshair against a mirror positioned at a point target; reflecting said first laser crosshair back to a position sensitive detector array positioned at said reference point; measuring position data of said first laser crosshair with said position sensitive detector array; feeding a second laser beam to a second collimator positioned at said point target; generating a second laser crosshair with said second collimator positioned at said point target; projecting said second laser crosshair against said position sensitive detector array positioned at said reference point; measuring position data of said second laser crosshair with said position sensitive detector array; and calculating x translation, y translation, roll pitch, and yaw rotation for said point target relative to said reference point. 34. The method for remotely measuring 5 degrees-of-freedom for a point target of claim 33, further comprising the steps of: providing a metrology system processing unit; connecting said metrology system processing unit with said position sensitive detector array; storing position data of said first laser crosshair in said metrology system processing unit; combining position data of said first laser crosshair and said second laser crosshair in said metrology system processing unit; and calculating true twist of said point target relative to said reference point. 35. The method for remotely measuring 5 degrees-of-freedom for a point target of claim 33, further comprising the steps of: providing a spacecraft structure including a main body, an antenna boom, an antenna reflector and a pointing mechanism; mounting said first collimator and said position sensitive detector array to said main body; and mounting said second collimator and said mirror to said antenna reflector at the end of said antenna boom opposite from said main body. 36. The method for remotely measuring 5 degrees-of-freedom for a point target of claim 33, further comprising the steps of: connecting said metrology system processing unit with said pointing mechanism; providing calculated true twist to said pointing mechanism; and adjusting said antenna boom and said antenna reflector with said pointing mechanism. 37. The method for remotely measuring 5 degrees-of-freedom for a point target of claim 33, further comprising the steps of: providing a distance measurement system; and determining the distance between said reference point and said point target with said distance measurement system. 