An portable apparatus for compacting refuse including an outer housing having a recess extending therethrough and a vent extending therethrough. An inner housing is received within the outer housing so as to form a compartment for receiving refuse therein. A connection means releaseably connects the outer housing to the inner housing. A base including a mounting port selectively receives the inner and outer housing. The base is selectively mountable on a center console in a vehicle. A compacting means for compacting the refuse within the compartment. The apparatus further includes a means for freshening an area around the apparatus. An activation button is connected to the compacting means. Upon the refuse being received within the compartment through the recess, the activation button is activated and the compacting means causes the refuse to be compacted and the freshening means sprays an air freshening mist though the vent thereby causing the area around the apparatus to be made fresh.
Claims What is claimed is new and desired to be protected by Letters Patent is set forth in the appended claims: 1. An portable apparatus for compacting refuse comprising: a) an outer housing having a recess extending therethrough and a vent extending therethrough; b) an inner housing received within said outer housing so as to form a compartment for receiving refuse therein; c) means for releaseably connecting said outer housing to said inner housing; d) a base including a mounting port for selectively receiving said outer and inner housing, said base is selectively mountable on a center console in a vehicle; e) means for compacting the refuse within said compartment; f) means for freshening an area around said apparatus; and g) an activation button connected to said compacting means, wherein upon refuse being received within said compartment through said recess, said activation button is activated and said compacting means causes the refuse to be compacted and said freshening means spraying an air freshening mist though said vent thereby causing the area around said apparatus to be made fresh. 2. The apparatus recited in claim 1, wherein said releaseably connecting means includes a track extending along a length of one of said inner and outer housing and a guide rail extending along a length of the other of said inner and outer housing whereby said track is received by said guide rail causing said outer housing to be selectively slidable along a length of said inner housing thereby providing access to said compartment. 3. The apparatus as recited in claim 2, further comprising a lock for locking said outer housing to said inner housing. 4. The apparatus as recited in claim 3, further comprising a release button for selectively unlocking said lock thereby releasing said outer housing from said inner housing. 5. The apparatus as recited in claim 1, further comprising a refuse bin positioned within said compartment for receiving refuse therein. 6. The apparatus as recited in claim 1, wherein said compacting means is positioned on an inner surface of said outer housing opposite said compartment. 7. The apparatus as recited in claim 1, wherein said compacting means includes: a) a motor; b) a drive mechanism connected to said motor; and c) a ram connected to said drive mechanism, wherein upon activation of said activating button, said motor causes said drive mechanism to extend said ram in a direction towards said compartment causing said ram to exert a pressure on the refuse contained within said compartment thereby compacting the refuse. 8. The apparatus as recited in claim 7, wherein said compacting means further comprising a pressure sensor for sensing an amount of pressure exerted on the refuse within said compartment, wherein upon determining said exerted pressure is above a predetermined level, said pressure sensor signals said motor to retract said driving mechanism. 9. The apparatus as recited in claim 1, wherein said air freshening means includes: a) a fan; and b) a spray device storing the air freshening mist positioned between said fan and said vent, wherein upon said drive member being extended, said fan causes said air freshening mist to be released from said spray device through said vent. 10. The apparatus as recited in claim 1, further comprising a portable power source, said power source is at least one of an external AC power source, an external DC power source, a solar power source and an internal rechargeable power source. 11. The apparatus as recited in claim 1, further comprising an access door for covering said recess. 12. The apparatus as recited in claim 11, further comprising a detachable slide connected to said recess for receiving refuse thereon and causing the refuse to pass through said recess, said detachable slide moving said access door between a first open position allowing refuse to pass easily therethrough and a second closed position preventing refuse from passing therethrough. 13. The apparatus as recited in claim 1, further comprising a detachable slide connected to said recess for receiving refuse thereon and causing the refuse to pass through said recess. 14. The apparatus as recited in claim 1, wherein said apparatus is positioned within a dashboard of a vehicle. 15. The apparatus as recited in claim 14, further comprising a compartment door hingedly connected to said outer housing for selectively accessing said compartment. 16. The apparatus as recited in claim 1, wherein said outer housing includes a decorative design. 17. The apparatus as recited in claim 1, further comprising a detachable handle for easily transporting said apparatus. 18. The apparatus as recited in claim 1, further comprising a plurality of indicators corresponding to a plurality of operating states of said apparatus. 19. The apparatus as recited in claim 18, wherein said operating states identified by said plurality of indicators include at least one of compartment full, compacting in process, compacting completed, AC power in use, DC power in use, solar power in use, power source fully charged, power source needs recharging and safe to remove refuse. 