A mobile object being a vehicle of any type includes a plurality of force generators, enclosed in a hermetically sealed generator chamber filled with a pressurized gas, and a plurality of engines. Each force generator being a lift device comprises a rotor, which includes a shaft, a rotary shell having an open bottom, and a means supporting the gas in relative equilibrium inside said rotary shell, and a stationary means closing said open bottom of said rotary shell. The specific coordination of the members of said force generator supports the gas on the lower surfaces of the force generator in relative equilibrium and hence produces the maximum difference between the pressures of the gas acting on the lower and upper surfaces of said force generator, i.e. the maximum lift. The force generators, enclosed in said generator chamber, produce the self-action force of said mobile object in accordance with the self-action principle of a solid-fluid body that has been established recently. By controlling the direction of the shafts and angular velocities of the force generators the mobile object can accelerate momentarily in any direction in space. The enclosure of the force generators in the generator chamber makes the self-action force of the mobile object independent of outer environment surrounding it. Any source of energy can be used for self-propulsion of the mobile object due to the direct conversion of the rotational energy into the self-action force without the use of material jets, reactive or external forces.
Claims 1-20. (canceled) 21. A force generator comprising: a generator frame; a rotor including a shaft, a rotary shell having an open bottom, a means supporting a gas in relative equilibrium inside said rotary shell, said shaft having bearing supporters secured to said generator frame; a stationary means closing said open bottom of said rotary shell, said stationary means being secured to said generator frame under said open bottom of said rotary shell; whereby said force generator produces the maximum difference between the pressures of the gas acting on its lower and upper surfaces, i.e. maximum lift. 22. The force generator of claim 21 wherein said means supporting the gas in relative equilibrium inside said rotary shell comprises a plurality of dividing walls extending from said shaft to said rotary shell. 23. The force generator of claim 22 wherein said shaft comprises an assembling member secured to said dividing walls and an assembled shaft. 24. The force generator of claim 23 wherein said assembling member is tubular. 25. The force generator of claim 24 further includes a compensating gas means for compensating the amount of gas exhausted out of the space bounded by said rotary shell and said stationary means due to the centrifugal force during rotation of said rotary shell. 26. The force generator of claim 25 wherein said compensating gas means is a fan in a fan duct. 27. The force generator of claim 25 wherein said compensating gas means is a compressor. 28. The force generator of claim 25 wherein said stationary means is a disk, each of dividing walls is a rectangular plate. 29. The force generator of claim 25 wherein said rotary shell covers the surface swept by the top edges and an upper part of outer edges of said dividing walls due to their rotation about the axis of said shaft, and said stationary means is a circumferential tube having a disk-bottom. 30. The force generator of claim 25 wherein each of said dividing walls is a plate having a trapezium shape. 31. A mobile object including a force generator according to claim 25 and further comprising: a hermetically sealed generator chamber enclosing said force generator and being filled with a pressurized gas; a structural frame securing said generator chamber and said generator frame; an engine being operatively connected to said shaft of said force generator by a mechanical transmission means; whereby said mobile object produces its self-action force that allows it to accelerate itself in any environment without the use of jets, reactive or external forces, and the self-action force of said mobile object can be increased as many times as desirable due to increasing the pressure of the gas inside said generator chamber. 32. A conventional vehicle including a plurality of force generators according to claim 25 and further comprising: a hermetically sealed generator chamber enclosing said force generators and being filled with a pressurized air, some of said force generators being vertically mounted and the other force generators being horizontally mounted; a plurality of engines, the shaft of each of said force generators being operatively connected to one of said engines by a mechanical transmission means to be driven from said engine; whereby said conventional vehicle produces its self-action force that allows it to accelerate itself in any environment without the use of jets, reactive or external forces, and the self-action force of said conventional vehicle can be increased as many times as desirable due to increasing the pressure of the air inside said generator chamber. 33. A conventional aircraft including a pair of identical counter-rotating force generators according to claim 25 and further comprising: a hermetically sealed generator chamber enclosing said force generators and being filled with a pressurized air, said force generators being vertically mounted; a pair of engines, the shaft of each of said force generators being operatively connected to one of said engines by a mechanical means to be driven from said engine; whereby said conventional aircraft can take-off and land vertically by its self-action force, that also allows the conventional aircraft to fly at any height and lift larger weight by increasing the pressure of the air inside said generator chamber. 34. The conventional aircraft of claim 33 further including another pair of identical counter-rotating force generators according to claim 25 and another pair of engines, said force generators being horizontally mounted inside said hermetically sealed generator chamber for propulsion, the shaft of each of said force generators being operatively connected to one of said engines by a mechanical transmission means to be driven from said engine; whereby said conventional aircraft produces its self-action force for propulsion that can be increased as many times as desirable due to increasing the pressure of the air inside said generator chamber. 35. The conventional aircraft of claim 34 wherein the wings of said conventional aircraft is removed. 36. A mobile object including a plurality of pairs of identical counter-rotating force generators according to claim 25 and further comprising: a structural frame; a flying saucer shaped body being secured to said structural frame; a passenger cabin having a floor attached to said structural frame, a plurality of doors for human gateways, and a plurality of screen windows for human vision; a turning means; a control motor; a hermetically sealed generator chamber being filled with a pressurized air, said force generators, said turning means, and said control motor are mounted inside said generator chamber, the force generators of one of said pairs being horizontally mounted on said turning means, which is controlled by said control motor, the force generators of the other pairs being vertically mounted for lifting; a plurality of engines; an auxiliary power unit; a pump system being powered from said auxiliary power unit for pressurization of the air in said generator chamber and said passenger cabin; a machine cabin for mounting said engines, said auxiliary power unit, and said pump system, the shaft of each of said vertically mounted force generators being operatively connected to one of said engines by a mechanical transmission means to be driven from said engine, the shafts of said horizontally mounted force generators being operatively connected to one of said engines by a mechanical means to be driven from said engine, each of said engines being connected to said mechanical means by a means selectively disengaging said engine from said mechanical transmission means; a plurality of suspension piers allowing said mobile object to stand on the ground; a plurality of wheels allowing said mobile object to run on the ground; a fuel tank being mounted in said machine cabin for providing said engines and said auxiliary power unit with fuel; a control system being mounted in a cockpit for controlling the devices of said mobile object; whereby said mobile object produces its self-action force that allows it to accelerate itself in any direction and environment without the use of jets, reactive or external forces, and the self-action force of said mobile object can be increased as many times as desirable due to increasing the pressure of the air inside said generator chamber. 37. The mobile object of claim 36 further including photovoltaic panels and a plurality of electrical motors powered from said photovoltaic panels, each of said electrical motors being connected to one of said mechanical transmission means by a means for selectively disengaging said electrical motor from said mechanical transmission means; whereby said mobile object can accelerate itself by using solar energy. 38. A mobile object including two identical counter-rotating force generators according to claim 25 and further comprising: a structural frame; a body of aerodynamic shape being secured to said structural frame; a pilot cabin having a floor attached to said structural frame, a door for human climbing, and a glass screen for human vision; a pair of engines; a tilting means having an upper plane; a machine cabin for mounting said force generators and said engines, said force generators being vertically mounted for lifting on the upper plane of said tilting means, the shaft of each of said force generators being operatively connected to one of said engines by a mechanical transmission means; a plurality of suspension piers allowing said mobile object to stand on the ground; a plurality of wheels allowing said mobile object to run on the ground; a fuel tank mounted in said machine cabin for providing said engines with fuel; a control unit mounted in the front of said pilot cabin for controlling the devices of said mobile object; whereby said mobile object produces its self-action force for vertical taking-off and landing and horizontal propulsion without the use of jets, reactive or external forces. 39. The mobile object of claim 38 wherein said tilting means comprising: a hydraulic circuit having a pump that is powered from another engine mounted in said machine cabin; a pair of hydraulic jacks that are operatively connected to said hydraulic circuit; a pair of struts being secured to said structural frame; a rectangular frame for securing said force generators, the ends of one edge of said rectangular frame being operatively jointed with the tops of said hydraulic jacks, said rectangular frame having a shaft and bearing supporters arranged in said struts. 40. A mobile object comprising: a structural frame; a hermetically sealed generator chamber being filled with a pressurized gas and secured to said structural frame; a rotor of blades having an airfoil cross-section and being enclosed inside said generator chamber; a shaft for mounting said rotor of blades, said shaft having bearing supporters secured to said structural frame; a pump system for pressurization of the gas in said generator chamber; an engine being operatively connected to said shaft by a mechanical transmission means; whereby said mobile object produces its self-action force defined by the lift of said rotor of blades that allows it to accelerate itself in any environment without the use of jets, reactive or external forces, and the lift of said rotor of blades can be increased as many times as desirable due to increasing the pressure of the gas inside said generator chamber. 