The invention concerns an automatic gearbox, with a drive input shaft (3) which is connected to a shiftable reduction planetary gear set (10), with a drive output shaft (4) which is connected to a shiftable main planetary gear set (30), and with five shifting elements (A to E) by the selective closing of which six forward speeds can be engaged without range change. An output element of the reduction planetary gear set (10) can be connected via a first shifting element (A) to a first input element of the main planetary gear set (30) and via a second shifting element (B) to a second input element of the main planetary gear set (30). The drive input shaft (3) can be connected via a fifth shifting element (E) to a third input element of the main planetary gear set (30). A solar gear wheel (11) of the reduction planetary gear set (10) is in particular fixed on a cylindrical projection (43) of a gearbox housing wall (41). The reduction planetary gear set (10) is made as a Plus transmission with inner and outer planetary gear wheels (12, 15), whose webs (14, 17) are connected to one another.
Claims 1-71. (canceled) 72. A multi-speed gearbox, with a drive input shaft (3) connected to a reduction planetary gear set (10), with a drive output shaft (4) connected to a main planetary gear set (30), with a plurality of shifting elements (a to 3) by the selective closing of which six forward speeds can be engaged and a gearbox input speed (n_input) of the drive input shaft (3) can be transmitted to drive output shaft (4) in such a manner that, to shift from one speed to a next higher or a next-lower speed, of those shifting elements which are actuated at a time, in each case only one shifting element is opened and a different shifting element is closed, such that the main planetary gear set (30) has three uncoupled input elements, an output element of the reduction planetary gear set (10) can be connected via a first shifting element (A) to a first input element of the main planetary gear set (30) and via a second shifting element (B) to a second input element of the main planetary gear set (30), the drive input shaft (3) can be connected via a fifth shifting element (E) to a third input element of the main planetary gear set (30) and an element of the reduction planetary gear set (10) is fixed, the reduction planetary gear set (10) is made as a plus transmission with inner and outer planetary gear wheels (12, 15) whose webs (14, 17) are coupled to one another. 73. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein the coupled webs (14, 17) of the reduction planetary gear set (10) are connected to the drive input shaft (3), an annular gear wheel (21) of the reduction planetary gear set (10) can be connected to the first and second input elements of the main planetary gear set (30), and a solar gear wheel (11) of the reduction planetary gear set (10) is fixed on a gearbox housing (40). 74. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein the reduction planetary gear set (10) is positioned near a gearbox housing wall (41) of a gearbox housing (40), in a radial direction at least partly above a projection (43) of the gearbox housing wall (41) or a hub (44) in fixed connection with the gearbox housing wall (41), the gearbox housing wall (41) being formed as part of the gearbox housing (40) or as an intermediate plate (42) in fixed connection to the gearbox housing (40), and such that a solar gear wheel (11) of the reduction planetary gear set (10) is in active connection with one of the projection (43) or the hub (44). 75. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 74, wherein the gearbox housing wall (41) is located on a side of the gearbox housing (40) which faces toward an engine shaft (1) of a drive engine of the multi-speed gearbox which is in active connection with the drive input shaft (3). 76. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 74, wherein the gearbox housing wall is located on a side of the gearbox housing which is opposite to an engine shaft of a drive engine of the multi-speed gearbox which is in active connection with the drive input shaft. 77. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein the reduction planetary gear set (10) and the first, second and fifth shifting elements (A, B, E) are arranged together, on one side of the main planetary gear set (30). 78. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein the fifth shifting element (E) is located between the reduction planetary gear set (10) and the main planetary gear set (30), axially directly adjacent to the reduction planetary gear set (10). 79. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein the first and second shifting elements (A, B), in particular disk of the first and disks of the second disks (50, 70), are arranged axially adjacent to one another. 80. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein the second shifting element (B) is closer to the main planetary gear set (30) than the first shifting element (A), in particular disks (70) of the second shifting element (B) being nearer the main planetary gear set (30) than disks (50) of the first shifting element (A). 81. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein the first shifting element (A) is positioned directly adjacent to the reduction planetary gear set (10), in particular one or more disks (50) of the first shifting element (A). 82. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein disks (50) of the first shifting element (A) are arranged at least partly radially above the reduction planetary gear set (10) and at least partly radially above disks (80) of the fifth shifting element (E). 83. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein the second shifting element (B) is located between the first shifting element (A) and the main planetary gear set (30). 84. The m Multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein disks (70) of the second shifting element (B) are axially adjacent to disks (50) of the first shifting element (A) in a direction of the main planetary gear set (30). 85. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein disks (70) of the second shifting element (B) are arranged at least partly radially above the fifth shifting element (E). 86. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein a servomechanism (51) of the first shifting element (A) is positioned at least partly on a side of the reduction planetary gear set (10) facing away from the main planetary gear set (30), in particular one of radially above a projection (43) of a gearbox housing wall (41) or radially above a hub (44) connected to the gearbox housing wall (41), adjacent to the reduction planetary gear set (10). 87. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein an input element of the first shifting element (A) is mounted on one of a projection (43) of a gearbox housing wall (41) or on a hub (44) fixed on the gearbox housing wall (41). 88. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 87, wherein in one or more of the projection (43) of the gearbox housing wall (41) and the hub (44) connected with the gearbox housing wall (41), at least one pressure feed channel (63) for an argument supply is arranged to the servomechanism (51) of the first shifting element (A). 89. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein an output element of the first shifting element (A) radially overlaps the fifth shifting element (E) in axial direction. 90. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein an output element of the first shifting element (A) passes through a clutch space of the second shifting element (B). 91. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein the first shifting element is positioned closer to the main planetary gear set than the second shifting element, in particular disks of the first shifting element being nearer the main planetary gear set than disks of the second shifting element. 92. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein the second shifting element is positioned directly adjacent to the reduction planetary gear set, in particular one or more disks of the second shifting element and a servomechanism of the second shifting element being arranged directly adjacent to the reduction planetary gear set. 93. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein disks of the second shifting element are arranged one or more of at least partly radially above the reduction planetary gear set and at least partly radially above disks of the fifth shifting element. 94. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein the first shifting element is positioned between the second shifting element and the main planetary gear set. 95. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein disks of the first shifting element are axially adjacent to disks of the second shifting element in a direction of the main planetary gear set. 96. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein disks of the first shifting element are positioned at least partly radially above disks of the fifth shifting element. 97. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein a servomechanism of the second shifting element is arranged at least partly on a side of the reduction planetary gear set facing away from the main planetary gear set, in particular adjacent to the reduction planetary gear set. 98. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein an input element of the second shifting element is mounted on one or more of projection of a gearbox housing wall or on a hub attached to the gearbox housing wall. 99. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 98, wherein at least one pressure medium channel for the supply of pressure medium to the servomechanism of the second shifting element is formed in one or more of the projection of the gearbox housing wall or in the hub attached to the gearbox housing wall. 100. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein an output element of the second shifting element at least partly overlaps the first shifting element radially in an axial direction, in particular disks of the first shifting element. 101. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein an input element of the first shifting element at least partly overlaps the fifth shifting element radially in a axial direction. 102. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein a servomechanism (51) of the first shifting element (A) is located on a side of disks (50) of the first shifting element (A) facing away from the main planetary gear set (30), and in particular the servomechanism (51) of the first shifting element (A) actuates the disks (50) of the first shifting element (A) from a side facing away from the main planetary gear set (30). 103. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein a servomechanism of the first shifting element is positioned on a side of disks of the first shifting element facing toward the main planetary gear set, and in particular the servomechanism of the first shifting element actuates the disks of the first shifting element from a side facing toward the main planetary gear set. 104. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein a servomechanism of the second shifting element is located on a side of disks of the second shifting element facing away from the main planetary gear set, and in particular the servomechanism of the second shifting element actuates the disks of the second shifting element from a side facing away from the main planetary gear set. 105. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein a servomechanism (71) of the second shifting element (B) is positioned on a side of disks (70) of the second shifting element (B) facing toward the main planetary gear set (30), and in particular the servomechanism (71) of the second shifting element (B) actuates the disks (70) of the second shifting element (B) from a side facing toward the main planetary gear set (30). 106. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein the fifth shifting element is axially adjacent to one of the first or the second shifting element on a side of the first or the second shifting element facing toward the main planetary gear set, and in particular disks of the fifth shifting element are axially adjacent to disks of one of the first or second shifting element. 107. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein the fifth shifting element is axially adjacent to one of the first or the second shifting element on a side of the first or the second shifting element facing away from the main planetary gear set, and in particular disks of the fifth shifting element are axially adjacent to disks of one of the first or second shifting element. 108. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 106, wherein an input element of the fifth shifting element radially overlaps one or more of the first and the second shifting element in an axial direction, at least in part, in particular one of the disks of the first shifting element or those of the second shifting element. 109. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 106, wherein the fifth shifting element is closer to the main planetary gear set than the first or second shifting element. 110. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein the first and fifth shifting elements are located on a side of the main planetary gear set facing away from the reduction planetary gear set, and in particular disks of the first shifting element are arranged axially between the fifth shifting element and the main planetary gear set. 111. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein the first shifting element is located between the reduction and the main planetary gear sets, and the fifth shifting element is located on a side of the first shifting element facing away from the main planetary gear set. 112. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 111, wherein the drive input shaft passes centrally through the main planetary gear set. 113. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 111, wherein the fifth shifting element is directly axially adjacent to the main planetary gear set. 114. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein the first shifting element is located on a side of the reduction planetary gear set facing away from the main planetary gear set, and the fifth shifting element is located on a side of the main planetary gear set facing away from the reduction planetary gear set. 115. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein disks of the first shifting element are axially adjacent the main planetary gear set. 116. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 106, wherein an output element of the fifth shifting element radially overlaps the first shifting element in an axial direction at least in part, in particular disks of the first shifting element. 117. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein the fifth shifting element is arranged in a radial direction at least partly above the reduction planetary gear set, and in particular disks of the fifth shifting element are arranged at least partly above the reduction planetary gear set. 118. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 117, wherein a servomechanism of the fifth shifting element is arranged at least for the most part on a side of the reduction planetary gear set facing away from the main planetary gear set, in particular adjacent to the reduction planetary gear set. 119. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein the third input element of the main planetary gear set (30) is connected via a web shaft (5) with an output element of the fifth shifting element (E), the first input element of the main planetary gear set (30) is connected via a first solar shaft (6) with an output element of the first shifting element (A), and the second input element of the main planetary gear set (30) is connected via a second solar shaft (7) with an output element of the second shifting element (B), such that the web shaft (5) passes centrally through the main planetary gear set (30), and such that the first solar shaft (6) runs between the reduction and main planetary gear sets (10, 30) radially above the web shaft (5) and/or is mounted thereon, and the second solar shaft (7) runs between the reduction and main planetary gear sets (10, 30) radially above the first solar shaft (6) and/or is mounted thereon. 120. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein the drive input shaft passes centrally through the reduction and main planetary gear sets, the output element of the first shifting element is connected via a first solar shaft with the first input element of the main planetary gear set, and an output element of the second shifting element is connected via a second solar shaft with the second input element of the main planetary gear set, such that the first solar shaft runs between the reduction and main planetary gear sets radially, above the drive input shaft and/or is mounted thereon, and such that the second solar shaft runs between the reduction and main planetary gear sets radially above the first solar shaft and/or is mounted thereon. 121. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 119, wherein the second solar shaft (7) is mounted by means of a mounting plate (45) which is in fixed connection with the gearbox housing (40) or is made as part of the latter. 122. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein the third input element of the main planetary gear set is connected via a web shaft with an output element of the fifth shifting element, the first input element of the main planetary gear set is connected via a first solar shaft with an output element of the first shifting element, and the second input element of the main planetary gear set is connected via a second solar shaft with an output element of the second shifting element, such that the second solar shaft passes centrally through the main planetary gear set, and such that the first solar shaft runs between the reduction and main planetary gear sets radially above the second solar shaft and is mounted thereon, and the web shaft runs between the reduction and main planetary gear sets radially above one or more of the first solar shaft and is mounted thereon. 123. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 122, wherein the web shaft is mounted by means of a mounting plate which is in fixed connection to the gearbox housing or is made as part of the latter. 124. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 122, wherein the third shifting element, by means of which the second input element of the main planetary gear set can be fixed, is arranged on the side of the main planetary gear set facing away from the reduction planetary gear set, in particular adjacent to an outer wall of the gearbox housing opposite to a drive engine. 125. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein the main planetary gear set (30) is made as a Ravigneaux planetary gear set, with a small solar gear wheel (31) as the first input element, with a large solar gear wheel (32) as the second input element, with the coupled webs (35, 36) as the third input element, and an annular gear wheel (37) as the output element of the main planetary gear set (30). 126. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein the annular gear wheel of the reduction planetary gear set is connected to an outer disk carrier of the first shifting element and to an outer disk carrier of the second shifting element. 127. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein the annular gear wheel (21) of the reduction planetary gear set (10) is connected to an outer disk carrier (52) of the first shifting element (A) and to an inner disk carrier (75) of the second shifting element (B). 128. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein the annular gear wheel of the reduction planetary gear set is connected to an inner disk carrier of the first shifting element and to an outer disk carrier of the second shifting element. 129. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein the annular gear wheel of the reduction planetary gear set is connected to an inner disk carrier of the first shifting element and to an inner disk carrier of the second shifting element. 130. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein the drive input shaft (3) and the drive output shaft (4) are coaxial with one another. 131. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein the drive input and drive output shafts are at least approximately axis-parallel to one another. 132. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein the drive input and drive output shafts are at least approximately perpendicular to one another. 133. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 132, wherein at least one spur gear or bevel gear is arranged in a force flow direction between the output element of the main planetary gear set and the drive output shaft. 134. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 133, wherein the spur or bevel gear is located on the side of the main planetary gear set facing away from the reduction planetary gear set. 135. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 133, wherein the spur or bevel gear is located between the reduction and main planetary gear sets. 136. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 133, wherein the spur or bevel gear is axially directly adjacent to the main planetary gear set. 137. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 133, wherein the fifth shifting element is arranged axially between the spur or bevel gear and the main planetary gear set, so that the output element of the main planetary gear set radially overlaps the fifth shifting element in the axial direction. 138. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 133, wherein the spur gear or bevel gear is mounted by means of a mounting plate, which is in fixed connection with the gearbox housing or is formed integrally therewith, and which is axially adjacent to the spur or bevel gear, such that the mounting plate is arranged on a side of the spur or bevel gear facing away from the main planetary gear set, adjacent to a disk-shaped section of the output element of the second shifting element, which is one or more of connected to the second solar shaft, and adjacent to a third shifting element by means of which the output element of the second shifting element can be fixed. 139. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 133, wherein the spur gear or bevel gear is mounted by means of a mounting plate, which is in fixed connection with the gearbox housing or is formed integrally therewith, and which is axially adjacent to the spur or bevel gear, such that the mounting plate is arranged on a side of the spur or bevel gear facing away from the main planetary gear set, adjacent to a disk-shaped section of the output element of the fifth shifting element, which is one or more of connected to a web shaft, and/or adjacent to a fourth shifting element by means of which the output element of the fifth shifting element can be fixed. 140. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 133, wherein the spur or bevel gear is mounted by means of a mounting plate, which is in fixed connection with the gearbox housing or is formed integrally therewith and which is axially adjacent to the spur or bevel gear, such that the mounting plate is arranged axially between the main planetary gear set and the spur or bevel gear. 141. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 133, wherein the spur or bevel gear is mounted by means of a mounting plate, which is in fixed connection with the gearbox housing or is formed integrally therewith and which is axially adjacent to the spur or bevel gear, such that the mounting plate is arranged on a side of the spur or bevel gear facing away from the main planetary gear set, and forms an outer wall of the gearbox housing. 142. The multi-speed gearbox according to claim 72, wherein the webs (14, 17) of the inner and outer planetary gear wheels (12, 15) of the reduction planetary gear set (10) are connected to one another by a web plate (18), an input element of the fifth shifting element (E) is axially directly adjacent to the web plate (18), the web plate (18) is sealed against the input element of the fifth shifting element (E) on a diameter above bolts (13, 16) respectively of the inner and outer planetary gear wheels (12, 15) of the reduction planetary gear set (10), and lubricant is fed (20) to the inner and outer planetary gear wheels (12, 15) of the reduction planetary gear set (10) via an axial gap between the web plate (18) and the input element of the fifth shifting element (E). 