A bicycle is fitted with rear panniers that provide electric motor assist and a power supply for the bicycle when desired. In a preferred embodiment the bicycle has a power coupling permanently attached at the rear wheel, for receiving an output drive shaft or power coupling from the motor pannier when that pannier is installed. The drive coupling may have gear reduction. To accommodate relative up and down motion between the pannier-supporting rack and the rear tire in a rear suspension bicycle, the motor drive unit in the motor pannier articulates, or the final drive unit on the bicycle can articulate, but this is more difficult because the rear suspension motion can be complex. Both panniers are secured by a quick connect device, for both mechanical attachment and electrical connection. The bicycle functions as a normal unpowered bike when the panniers are removed.
Claims I claim: 1. A bicycle with optional and quickly detachable electric motor power, comprising: a bicycle with front and rear wheels, a wheel having a non-friction wheel drive member connected to drive the wheel and including an exposed power coupling element, a modular, encased electric motor with a mounting system for attachment to the bicycle when power is desired, with a motor drive unit connected to the motor and including a rotary drive output of the motor drive unit serving as a power coupling element on the motor drive unit and configured to engage modularly with the exposed power coupling element driving the wheel of the bicycle, the power coupling elements being engaged with a quick connect/disconnect arrangement for quick removal and assembly of the encased electric motor onto the bicycle, and a power supply for the encased electric motor. 2. A bicycle according to claim 1, including a rack on the bicycle mounted above the wheel, and including a pannier containing and encasing the electric motor, with means for quick attachment and detachment of the pannier to the bicycle rack such that, when attached to the bicycle rack, the pannier is positioned such that the power coupling elements of the motor drive unit and of the bicycle become coupled. 3. A bicycle according to claim 2, wherein the rack on the bicycle is suspended by cantilever on the bicycle over the rear wheel without attachment to the bicycle's rear wheel or rear axle, and wherein the bicycle has rear suspension. 4. A bicycle according to claim 3, wherein the power coupling element at the bicycle rear wheel comprises a socket on the axle of the rear wheel adapted to receive the power coupling element of the motor drive unit. 5. A bicycle according to claim 2, wherein the bicycle has rear suspension allowing a frame segment to which the bicycle seat is attached relative movement with respect to the rear wheel, and wherein the encased electric motor is fixedly mounted with respect to said frame segment, such that the electric motor encounters movement relative to the rear wheel during action of the bicycle's rear suspension, and wherein the motor drive unit includes means for permitting movement of the power coupling element of the motor drive unit relative to the motor, to accommodate and absorb the relative movement caused by action of the rear suspension. 6. A bicycle according to claim 1, wherein the bicycle has rear suspension allowing a frame segment to which the bicycle seat is attached relative movement with respect to the rear wheel, and wherein the encased electric motor is fixedly mounted with respect to said frame segment adjacent to the rear wheel, such that the electric motor comprises suspended weight and encounters movement relative to the rear wheel during action of the bicycle's rear suspension, and wherein the motor drive unit includes means for permitting movement of the power coupling element of the motor drive unit relative to the motor, to accommodate and absorb the relative movement caused by action of the rear suspension. 7. A bicycle according to claim 5, further including a second, power supply pannier containing a battery or other energy source with means for rapid attachment to and detachment from the rear rack on an opposite side from said pannier encasing the electric motor, serving as a power supply for the electric motor, and including quick connection means for connecting the energy source to the motor. 8. A bicycle according to claim 6, wherein the power coupling element on the bicycle has a male member with a hex, spline or flat configuration, and wherein the power coupling element of the motor drive unit includes a rotational socket with complementary shape for driving engagement with the male member. 9. A bicycle according to claim 6, wherein the means for permitting movement of the power coupling element comprises a doubly articulated drive unit having two arms with chain drive, a first arm connected to the motor and driving a transfer sprocket at a remote end of said first arm, and a second arm having a chain drive receiving power from the transfer sprocket and driving said small gear of the power coupling element of the motor drive unit at an end of the second arm. 10. A bicycle according to claim 2, further including a second, power supply pannier containing a battery or other energy source with means for rapid attachment to and detachment from the rack on an opposite side from said pannier encasing the electric motor, serving as a power supply for the electric motor, and including quick connection means for connecting the energy source to the motor. 11. A bicycle according to claim 10, wherein the panniers are aerodynamically shaped. 12. A bicycle according to claim 10, wherein the rack includes modular electrical connections for the pannier encasing the electric motor and for the power supply pannier, so that the energy source is automatically connected to the electric motor when both panniers are secured to the rack. 13. A bicycle according to claim 10, wherein the energy source is a battery, and further including a pull-out photovoltaic solar collector panel secured to the rack of the bicycle and connected to the battery, with electrical components for charging the battery via electrical power generated in the solar panel. 14. The bicycle of claim 13, wherein the rack includes a panel storage cavity and wherein the solar panel is foldable into a compact configuration and when folded, fits within the cavity of the rack for protection when riding. 15. A bicycle according to claim 1, further including a photovoltaic solar panel supported on the bicycle and connected to said power supply, which comprises a storage battery. 16. A bicycle according to claim 1, wherein the bicycle includes a final drive mechanism that includes said non-friction wheel drive member and that includes drive reduction, the power coupling element on the bicycle being part of the final drive mechanism. 17. A bicycle according to claim 16, wherein the drive reduction comprises a chain or belt drive. 18. A bicycle according to claim 2, wherein the pannier encasing the electric motor is larger in volume than the electric motor and provides storage capacity in an upper portion of the pannier above the motor. 19. A bicycle according to claim 18, wherein the storage capacity of the pannier encasing the electric motor comprises at least about one-half the volume of the pannier. 20. A bicycle according to claim 10, wherein the power supply pannier is larger in volume than the battery or other energy source and provides storage capacity in an upper portion of the pannier above the energy source. 21. A bicycle according to claim 20, wherein the storage capacity of the power supply pannier comprises at least about one-half the volume of the pannier. 22. A bicycle according to claim 10, wherein the power supply is a modular component of the power supply pannier and can be interchanged with batteries or other energy sources of different sizes and energy capacities. 23. A bicycle according to claim 2, wherein the power coupling element on the bicycle comprises a ring gear connected to a rim of the rear wheel, serving also as said non-friction wheel drive member, and wherein the power coupling element of the motor drive unit comprises a small gear and extends to a position to engage the ring gear on the bicycle wheel. 24. A bicycle according to claim 23, further including means for retaining the small gear of the motor drive unit in engagement with the ring gear. 25. A bicycle according to claim 23, wherein the bicycle has rear suspension allowing a frame segment to which the bicycle seat is attached relative movement with respect to the rear wheel, and wherein the encased electric motor is fixedly mounted with respect to said frame segment adjacent to the rear wheel, such that the electric motor encounters movement relative to the rear wheel during action of the bicycle's rear suspension, and wherein the motor drive unit includes means for permitting movement of the power coupling element of the motor drive unit relative to the motor, to accommodate and absorb the relative movement caused by action of the rear suspension. 26. A bicycle according to claim 25, wherein the means for permitting movement of the power coupling element comprises a doubly articulated drive unit having two arms with chain drive, a first arm connected to the motor and driving a transfer sprocket at a remote end of said first arm, and a second arm having a chain drive receiving power from the transfer sprocket and driving said small gear of the power coupling element of the motor drive unit at an end of the second arm. 27. A bicycle according to claim 2, wherein the bicycle has rear suspension and the pannier is adjacent to the rear wheel, and wherein the motor drive unit is pivotally connected in the pannier about a generally horizontal axis, the motor having a rotary outward shaft extending toward the hub of the bicycle's rear wheel, and wherein the bicycle includes a final drive mechanism at the rear wheel that includes said non-friction wheel drive member comprising a bevel drive unit, connected to the wheel axle, the power coupling element of the bicycle comprising a connection to the bevel drive unit and the power coupling element of the motor drive unit comprising a connector which engages with said connection to the bevel drive unit in a quick-disconnect arrangement, whereby the motor can swing up and down generally about the axle of the rear wheel of the bicycle to accommodate and absorb relative movement of the pannier and the wheel caused by action of the rear suspension. 28. A bicycle according to claim 27, wherein the rotary output shaft includes a telescoping spline, whereby the motor can move in/out relative to the rear wheel axle. 29. A bicycle according to claim 1, wherein the motor and motor drive unit are positioned on the bicycle such that a center of gravity of the motor and motor drive unit is below the wheel rim at the top of the wheel. 30. A bicycle according to claim 29, wherein the center of gravity is approximately at the center of a distance from the wheel axle up to the rim. 31. A bicycle according to claim 29, wherein the center of gravity is approximately five to seven inches below the wheel rim at the top of the wheel. 32. A bicycle according to claim 29, wherein the center of gravity is at least two inches below the wheel rim at the top of the wheel. 33. A bicycle with panniers, comprising a rear rack secured to the bicycle and mounted over the rear wheel of the bicycle and a pair of panniers, one on each side of the rear wheel and each being firmly secured to the rack, the panniers respectively encasing a power source and an electric motor connected to drive the bicycle with quick-disconnect drive means. 34. A bicycle according to claim 33, wherein the panniers are aerodynamically shaped. 35. A bicycle according to claim 33, wherein the panniers and the rear rack include quick-release snap-in connection means for securing the panniers to the rack to enable quick attachment of the panniers when power is desired and also quick removal of the panniers. 36. A bicycle according to claim 35, wherein the quick-release snap-in connection means includes electrical connections between the two panniers to power the motor by the power source. 37. A bicycle powered by an electric motor, comprising: a bicycle with front and rear wheels, one of the wheels in driving engagement with an electric motor, a rechargeable battery retained on the bicycle and connected to the electric motor, a rear rack secured to the bicycle, and a pull-out photovoltaic solar collector panel secured to the rack of the bicycle and connected to the battery, with electrical components for charging the battery via electrical power generated in the solar panel. 38. A bicycle according to claim 37, wherein the rack includes a panel storage cavity and wherein the solar panel is foldable into a compact configuration and when folded, fits within the cavity of the rack for protection when riding. 