An integrated module frame and racking system for a solar panel is disclosed. The solar panel comprises a plurality of solar modules and a plurality of splices for coupling the plurality of solar modules together. The plurality of splices provide a way to make the connected modules mechanically rigid both during transport to the roof and after mounting for the lifetime of the system, provide wiring connections between modules, provide an electrical grounding path for the modules, provide a way to add modules to the panel, and provide a way to remove or change a defective module. Connector sockets are provided on the sides of the modules to simplify the electrical assembly of modules when the modules are connected together with splices.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar panel comprising: a plurality of solar modules; and a plurality of splices for coupling the plurality of solar modules together; wherein the plurality of splices provides rigidity. 2. The solar panel of claim 1 wherein the plurality of splices provides a grounding path for the modules. 3. The solar panel of claim 1 wherein each of the internal splices comprises: a body for coupling two solar modules together; a coupling mechanism on the body for causing a press-fit coupling of two solar modules; and a secure mechanism for securing the body to at least one of the two solar module. 4. The solar panel of claim 3 wherein the coupling mechanism comprise one or more raised features on the body. 5. The solar panel of claim 3 wherein the secure mechanism comprises one or more screws. 6. The solar panel of claim 1 wherein each of the solar modules include a plurality of connector sockets placed such that improper wiring based on cable length is prevented and placed such that at least one connector socket of one solar module is aligned with the connector socket of another solar module when coupled together. 7. The solar panel of claim 1 wherein each of the solar modules include a plurality of connector sockets designed so that improper wiring is prevented by the shape of the connector socket. 8. The solar panel of claim 1 wherein each of the modules include a groove extending along the solar module; the groove for receiving a bracket, the bracket for securing the solar panel to a structure. 9. The solar panel of claim 1 wherein each of the solar modules is a solar thermal module. 10. The solar panel of claim 1 wherein the splice is internal to the solar modules. 11. The solar panel of claim 1 wherein the splice is external to the solar modules. 12. The solar panel of claim 3 wherein a first raised feature provides a stop for the splice and a second raised feature providing a grounding path for one or more of the splices. 13. The solar panel of claim 1 wherein the body is tapered. 14. The solar panel of claim 1 wherein mounting brackets are pre-installed on each of the modules and used to securely stack modules and other installation components for shipment. 15. A splice for coupling two solar modules; the splice comprising: a body for coupling two solar modules together; a coupling mechanism on the body for causing a press-fit coupling of the two solar modules; and a secure mechanism for securing the body to at least one of the two solar modules. 16. The splice of claim 15 wherein the splice provides rigidity for the two solar modules. 17. The splice of claim 15 wherein the splice provides a grounding path for the two solar modules. 18. The splice of claim 15 wherein the coupling mechanism comprises raised features on the body. 19. The splice of claim 15 wherein the secure mechanism comprises one or more screws. 20. The splice of claim 15 wherein the secure mechanism comprises a cam type compression device. 21. The splice of claim 15 wherein the secure mechanism comprises a press fit or toothed barb device. 22. The splice of claim 15 wherein the secure mechanism comprises a spring clip attachment. 23. The splice of claim 15 wherein the secure mechanism comprises a through pin. 24. The splice of claim 15 wherein the secure mechanism comprises an expandable section at each end. 25. The splice of claim 15 where the secure mechanism has a small amount of side-to-side sliding ability after being secured to account for thermal expansion and contraction. 26. The splice of claim 15 wherein the body is tapered. 27. A solar panel comprising: a plurality of solar modules, wherein each of the solar modules includes a plurality of connector sockets placed such that at least one connector socket of one solar module is aligned with the connector socket of another solar module. 28. The solar panel of claim 27 wherein each of the modules include a groove extending along the solar module; the groove for receiving a bracket, the bracket for securing the solar panel to a structure. 29. The solar panel of claim 27 wherein each of the solar modules is a solar thermal module. 30. The solar panel of claim 27 in which mounting brackets are pre-installed on each of the modules and used to securely stack modules and other installation components for shipment. 31. A solar module comprising: a body portion; and a groove on the body portion for securing the module to a structure. 32. The solar module of claim 31 wherein the groove is aligned with a groove of another module wherein a continuous groove is provided when modules are coupled together to provide a solar panel. 33. A solar module comprising: a body portion; and a plurality of apertures in the body portion, at least one of the plurality of apertures capable of receiving a splice, wherein the solar module is rigidly coupled to another module when a splice is coupled there between. 34. A solar module comprising: a body portion; and a plurality of connections placed on the body portion such that at least one connector socket is aligned with the connector socket of another solar module when utilized therewith. 35. A solar module comprising: a body portion; and a plurality of brackets coupled to the body portion for securely stacking the module for shipping. 