A chemical solution coating method includes: a first step of disposing a semiconductor substrate on a substrate supporting unit with a first face to be coated with a chemical solution facing upward; a second step of moving a chemical solution spraying member for spraying the chemical solution to an initial position which is positioned in the vicinity of the first face of the semiconductor substrate and where the chemical solution is to be applied; and a third step of moving the chemical solution spraying member from the initial position in accordance with a predetermined travel pattern and, simultaneously, spraying the chemical solution from the chemical solution spraying member toward the first face of the semiconductor substrate.
Claims 1. A chemical solution coating apparatus comprising: a substrate supporting unit for supporting a semiconductor substrate; a chemical solution spraying unit for spraying a chemical solution in an atomized state to coat a first face of the semiconductor substrate with the chemical solution; a travel control unit for disposing the chemical solution spraying unit in the vicinity of the first face of the supported semiconductor substrate and, also, making the chemical solution spraying unit travel in accordance with a predetermined travel pattern; and a spray control unit for coating a specific area in the first face of the semiconductor substrate with the chemical solution while the travel control unit makes the chemical solution spray unit travel. 2. The chemical solution coating apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the chemical solution is a material for forming a diffusion preventing film, the semiconductor substrate is a substrate for a solar battery having a polygonal shape, the first face of the semiconductor substrate is not a light-reception face, but the travel pattern is a pattern of the chemical solution spraying member traveling along the whole periphery of the semiconductor substrate, and an area to be coated with the chemical solution is an area in the vicinity of the periphery of the first face. 3. The chemical solution coating apparatus according to claim 1, further comprising: a wraparound spreading preventing plate disposed in a position below the position of the semiconductor substrate mounted on the substrate supporting unit and apart from the substrate supporting unit only by a predetermined distance "d" so as to surround the substrate supporting part whose substrate mounting face is smaller than the area of the semiconductor substrate; and a gas jetting unit for jetting a predetermined flow rate of gas from below toward the semiconductor substrate in a space formed by the predetermined distance "d". 4. The chemical solution coating apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the chemical solution spraying unit has a spraying mechanism for outputting the housed chemical solution in an atomized state while sucking the housed chemical solution. 5. The chemical solution coating apparatus according to claim 1, wherein the substrate supporting unit has a supporting member capable of supporting a plurality of semiconductor substrates, the chemical solution spraying unit has a plurality of nozzles, and the travel control unit disposes each of the plurality of nozzles in the vicinity of a corresponding semiconductor substrate and, after that, makes the nozzles travel in accordance with a predetermined pattern. 6. The chemical solution coating method using the chemical solution coating apparatus of claim 1, comprising: a first step of disposing a semiconductor substrate on a substrate supporting unit with a first face to be coated with a chemical solution facing upward; a second step of moving a chemical solution spraying member for spraying the chemical solution to an initial position which is positioned in the vicinity of the first face of the semiconductor substrate and where the chemical solution is to be applied; and a third step of moving the chemical solution spraying member from the initial position in accordance with a predetermined travel pattern and, simultaneously, spraying the chemical solution from the chemical solution spraying member toward the first face of the semiconductor substrate. 7. The chemical solution coating method according to claim 6, wherein the chemical solution is a material for forming a diffusion preventing film, the semiconductor substrate is a substrate for a solar battery having a polygonal shape, and the first face of the semiconductor substrate is not a light-reception face. 8. The chemical solution coating method according to claim 7, wherein the initial position of the chemical solution spraying member is in a region in the vicinity of the periphery of the first face of the semiconductor substrate, and the travel pattern is a pattern of moving the chemical solution spraying member along the whole periphery of the semiconductor substrate. 9. The chemical solution coating method according to claim 6, wherein the chemical solution spraying member has a spraying mechanism for outputting the housed chemical solution in an atomized state while sucking the chemical solution by negative pressure. 10. The chemical solution coating method according to claim 6, wherein the third step includes a process of jetting a gas at a flow rate the sprayed chemical solution does not spread to a second face on the side opposite to the first face, from below toward the semiconductor substrate in a space between a wraparound spreading preventing plate, which is disposed below the position of the semiconductor substrate mounted on the substrate supporting unit so as to surround the substrate supporting part, and the substrate supporting unit. 11. The chemical solution coating method according to claim 6, wherein the substrate supporting unit has a supporting member capable of supporting a plurality of semiconductor substrates, the chemical solution spraying member has a plurality of nozzles, a nozzle corresponding to each of the semiconductor substrates is moved to an initial position in the second step, and the plurality of nozzles are moved in accordance with predetermined travel patterns and the chemical solution is sprayed simultaneously from the nozzles toward the first face of the semiconductor substrate corresponding to the nozzles in the third step. 