An apparatus for and method of a charge regulator for a battery that will be easy to use, have less maintenance, and automatically adjust itself to varying conditions of use. This method of charge regulation eliminates some of the problems encountered when a traditional type of charge regulator is used with photovoltaic cells. The charge regulator will determine the initial charge remaining in the battery before charging begins, calculate what is needed to bring the battery to full charge, then start charging the battery. Charging is discontinued after the initial charge plus the charge received equals the equivalent of a fully charged battery.
Claims What is claimed: 1. A charge regulator for a battery, the charge regulator comprising: a charging circuit operable to selectively couple the battery to a charging source; and a control circuit operable to cause the charging circuit to provide a predetermined amount of charge to the battery based on a measurement of charge that the battery has received. 2. The charge regulator of claim 1, further comprising a charge measurement circuit operable to determine an initial charge of the battery. 3. The charge regulator of claim 2, wherein the charge measurement circuit measures an open-circuit voltage of the battery. 4. The charge regulator of claim 1, wherein the control circuit measures a current from the charging source into the battery. 5. The charge regulator of claim 1, wherein the control circuit stores a charge capacity of the battery. 6. The charge regulator of claim 1, further comprising a timing circuit operable to open-circuit the battery during a rest period, and operable to enable the charging circuit to couple the battery to the charging source during an activity period. 7. The charge regulator of claim 6, wherein the rest period is approximately six hours. 8. The charge regulator of claim 1, further comprising a load circuit operable to selectively couple the battery to a load. 9. The charge regulator of claim 6, further comprising a load circuit operable to selectively couple the battery to a load during the activity period, and operable to uncouple the battery from the load during the rest period. 10. The charge regulator of claim 1, wherein the charging source includes photovoltaic cells. 11. The charge regulator of claim 1 wherein the measurement of charge flowing into the battery comprises a measurement of current flowing into the battery. 12. The charge regulator of claim 1 wherein the measurement of charge flowing into the battery comprises a measurement of a time during which a known current flows into the battery. 13. The charge regulator of claim 1 wherein the control circuit is further operable to: determine an initial charge in the battery after a predetermined rest period; determine an amount of charge that when added to the initial charge equals a desired charge; equating the desired charge with a battery voltage; and wherein the measurement of charge flowing into the battery relates to a voltage across the battery. 14. A system comprising: a charging source; a first battery; and a charge regulator including, a first charging circuit operable to selectively couple the first battery to the charging source; and a first control circuit operable to cause the first charging circuit to provide a predetermined amount of charge to the first battery based on a measurement of charge that the first battery has received. 15. The system of claim 14, wherein the charging source comprises a renewable charging source. 16. The system of claim 14, wherein the first battery comprises a lead acid battery. 17. The system of claim 14, further comprising: a power source; and a load circuit operable to selectively couple a load to the first battery or the power source. 18. The system of claim 14, further comprising: a second battery; a second charging circuit operable to selectively couple the second battery to the charging source; and a second control circuit operable to cause the second charging circuit to provide a predetermined amount of charge to the second battery based on a measurement of charge that the second battery has received. 19. The system of claim 18, wherein the charge regulator further comprises a timing circuit operable to enable the first charging circuit to couple the first battery to the charging source and to open-circuit the second battery during a first period, and operable to enable the second charging circuit to couple the second battery to the charging source and to open-circuit the first battery during a second period. 20. The system of claim 18, wherein the charge regulator further comprises a load circuit operable to selectively couple a load to the first or second battery. 21. The charge regulator of claim 14 wherein the measurement of charge flowing into the first battery comprises a measurement of current flowing into the first battery. 22. The charge regulator of claim 14 wherein the measurement of charge flowing into the first battery comprises a measurement of a time during which a known current flows into the first battery. 23. The charge regulator of claim 14 wherein the first control circuit is further operable to: determine an initial charge in the first battery after a predetermined rest period; determine an amount of charge that when added to the initial charge equals a desired charge; equating the desired charge with a battery voltage; and wherein the measurement of charge flowing into the first battery relates to a voltage across the first battery. 24. A method of regulating charge in a battery, the method comprising: determining an initial charge of the battery after a rest period during which the battery is open-circuited; charging the battery; monitoring the charge accumulated by the battery; and ending the charging of the battery when the sum of the initial charge and the accumulated charge substantially equals a desired level. 25. The method of claim 24, wherein determining the initial charge of the battery includes measuring an open-circuit voltage of the battery. 26. The method of claim 24, wherein monitoring the charge accumulated by the battery includes measuring a current flowing into the battery. 27. The method of claim 24, wherein monitoring the charge accumulated by the battery includes measuring a net current into the battery. 28. The method of claim 24, wherein monitoring the charge accumulated by the battery includes measuring a current during a charging period, and multiplying the current by the duration of the charging period. 29. The method of claim 24, wherein monitoring the charge accumulated by the battery includes sampling a current over a charging period, averaging the current samples, and multiplying the average by the duration of the charging period. 30. The method of claim 24, wherein monitoring the charge accumulated by the battery includes integrating a current with respect to time. 31. The method of claim 24 wherein monitoring the charge accumulated by the battery includes determining the time that a known current is flowing into the battery. 32. The method of claim 24 wherein monitoring the charge accumulated by the battery includes making multiple battery voltage measurements. 