A dual channel source measurement unit for reliability testing of electrical devices provides a voltage stress stimulus to a device under test and monitors degradation to the device under test caused by the stress simulator. The dual channel source measurement unit decouples the stress and monitor portions of the unit so that the requirements of each can be optimized. Deglitching and current clamp switches can be incorporated in the dual channel source measurement unit to prevent glitches in the switching circuitry and to limit or clamp current flow to or from the monitor and stress sources.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A dual channel source measurement unit for testing a plurality of electrical devices comprising: a monitor source unit for providing a programmable monitor voltage, a stress source unit for providing a programmable stress voltage, a plurality of switches for selectively switching a plurality of electrical devices under test in parallel to the stress source unit and switching serially a device under test to the monitor source unit, whereby a plurality of devices under test can be stressed while test measurements are made on another device under test. 2. The dual channel source measurement unit as defined by claim 1 wherein the monitor source unit includes means for measuring current through the monitor source unit when connected to an electrical device under test. 3. The dual channel source measurement unit as defined by claim 2 wherein the means for measuring comprises a resistor network. 4. The dual channel source measurement unit as defined by claim 2 wherein the stress source includes a plurality of buffers connected to the plurality of switches. 5. The dual channel source measurement unit as defined by claim 4 wherein the plurality of switches comprises toggle switches for switching devices under test between the monitor source unit and the stress source unit. 6. The dual channel source measurement unit as defined by claim 4 wherein the plurality of switches comprises a plurality of toggle switches and a plurality of deglitcher switches where each deglitcher switch is serially connected with a toggle switch and can be activated for a fixed period of time. 7. The dual channel source measurement unit as defined by claim 6 wherein each deglitcher switch includes two serially connected transistors and conduction biasing circuitry for turning on the transistors. 8. The dual channel source measurement unit as defined by claim 7 wherein the conduction biasing circuitry includes a resistor-capacitor network for effecting a conduction time period for the transistor. 9. The dual channel source measurement unit as defined by claim 7 wherein the conduction biasing circuitry is controlled by a digital signal applied through a photovoltaic isolator to the conduction biasing circuitry. 10. The dual channel source measurement unit as defined by claim 8 wherein the conduction biasing circuitry includes two resistors serially connecting the two transistors with voltage at a common terminal of the two resistors coupled to the resistor-capacitor network to limit bias on one of the two transistors and clamp current through the two transistors. 11. The dual channel source measurement unit as defined by claim 1 wherein the plurality of switches includes a plurality of timed switches whereby conduction to the devices under test can be for fixed periods of time. 12. The dual channel source measurement unit as defined by claim 11 wherein the plurality of switches comprise a plurality of deglitcher switches whereby each deglitcher switch is coupled to a device under test and can be activated for a fixed period of time. 13. The dual channel source measurement unit as defined by claim 12 wherein each deglitcher switch includes two serially connected transistors and conduction biasing circuitry for turning on the transistors. 14. The dual channel source measurement unit as defined by claim 13 wherein the conduction biasing circuitry includes a resistor-capacitor network for effecting a conduction time period for the transistor. 15. The dual channel source measurement unit as defined by claim 13 wherein the conduction biasing circuitry is controlled by a digital signal applied through a photovoltaic isolator to the conduction biasing circuitry. 16. The dual channel source measurement unit as defined by claim 14 wherein the conduction biasing circuitry includes two resistors serially connecting the two transistors with voltage at a common terminal of the two resistors coupled to the resistor-capacitor network to limit bias on one of the two transistors and clamp current through the two transistors. 