The Environmental Project Pipeline System includes a central station that provides concise environmental project surveys including criteria data categories to a plurality of users wishing to submit environmental project ideas, via a network, which is then displayed on the user's computer display and which further accepts input from the user's computer input device to select desired criteria data categories and complete the environmental project survey. These completed environmental project surveys are then transmitted back to the central station and stored on the central station's database. The Environmental Project Pipeline System's central station further stores data representative of resource provider's requirements for providing funding, equipment or in-kind support related to a desired environmental project on the central station database. The Environmental Project Pipeline System then matches appropriate environmental projects surveys criteria data categories with data representative of resource providers and then notifies the resource provider regarding the matched environmental project survey, users, or environmental projects. The Environmental Project Pipeline System generates reports based on selected criteria data categories and passes these reports on to the resource provider. In addition, the Environmental Project Pipeline System notifies user's regarding the submittal and status of their environmental project surveys.
Claims What is claimed: 1. A system for matching user identified environmental projects with resource providers, comprising: environmental project survey storage means for storing data representative of at least one environmental project survey; display means, responsive to a user selecting an environmental project survey, for presenting said user with a display of said environmental project survey, said environmental project survey including a plurality of criteria data categories; input means for enabling said user to input data into at least one of said criteria data plurality of criteria data categories on said environmental project survey; data transfer means for transmitting said environmental project survey to a central station; database means located in said central station for storing said environmental project survey and data representative of at least one characteristic of each of said resource providers; and survey query means operable with said database means for automatically matching said user input data from said environmental project surveys with said data representative of said at least one characteristic of each of said resource providers. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein said user identified environmental projects is selected from the group of projects consisting of clean energy projects, energy efficient projects, and pollution prevention projects. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein said environmental project survey data further includes hierarchically organized tiers of criteria data categories selectable by said user. 4. The system of claim 3 wherein said tiers are selected from a group consisting of a first tier, a second tier and a third tier. 5. The system of claim 4 wherein said first tier comprises criteria data categories selected from the group consisting of air, energy, land, waste, and water. 6. The system of claim 5 wherein said selected first tier displays a second tier of related criteria data categories. 7. The system of claim 6 wherein said selected air first tier displays a second tier of criteria data categories selected from the group consisting of acid precipitation, ambient, indoor, monitoring, noise, odor, pollutants/criteria, pollutants/gases, pollutants/greenhouse, pollutants/particulate matter, pollutants/primary/secondary, radon, sampling, sources/area, sources/fugitive, sources/mobile commercial, sources/mobile fleet, sources/mobile passenger, sources stationary, visibility/pristine, and visibility/urban. 8. The system of claim 6 wherein said selected energy first tier displays a second tier of criteria data categories selected from the group consisting of biofuels, biomass, demand control, energy efficient, energy generation, energy sources, fuel cell, geothermal, hydro, photovoltaics, clean energy certificates, solar, and wind. 9. The system of claim 6 wherein said selected land first tier displays a second tier of criteria data categories selected from the group consisting of agriculture, extractive industries, forest, horticulture, industrial, open space, parks, and residential. 10. The system of claim 6 wherein said selected waste first tier displays a second tier of criteria data categories selected from the group consisting of bio-solids, construction/demolition, fly ash/normal waste, fly ash/special waste, hazardous/biological, hazardous/chemical treatment, hazardous/disposal, hazardous/physical treatment, hazardous/recycling/reuse, hazardous/storage, hazardous/transportation, medical/special wastes, solid/landfills, solid/non-organic, solid/organic, solid/precycle, solid/recycling, solid/reduction, solid/reuse, and solid/waste to energy. 11. The system of claim 6 wherein said selected water first tier displays a second tier of criteria data categories selected from the group consisting of aquifer recharge, "grey" water reuse, ground, industrial re-use, irrigation, non-point treatment, point source treatment, potable, quality, real time monitoring, storm, surface, use reduction, waste (effluent), and wetlands. 12. The system of claim 4 wherein said third tier of criteria data categories is selected from the group consisting of building/design, carbon trading, conservation, consulting, consumer products, ecology/biology, ecotourism, education/training/outreach, emergency response, engineering, equipment sales/rental, financial services, food, geographic information systems (GIS), geology/geophysical, import/export, information systems, legal services, management systems, marketing/communications, natural resource management, packaging/storage, pollution prevention, process/prevention technologies, public health, public policy, remediation, resource recovery, reuse, safety, source reduction, sustainable development, and transportation. 13. The system of claim 1 wherein said environmental project surveys further comprises: criteria data categories selected from the group consisting of user identified environmental projects funding and cost data. 14. The system of claim 1 wherein said environmental project surveys further comprises: criteria data categories selected from the group consisting of earliest begin date for said user identified environmental project, latest initiation date for said user identified environmental project, duration of said user identified environmental project, and location of said user identified environmental project. 15. The system of claim 1 wherein said environmental project surveys further comprises: criteria data categories selected from the group consisting of partner type, target audience, community served, amount of resources required, quantifiable metrics/dollars spent, scalability of the user identified environmental projects, and replicability of said user identified environmental projects. 16. The system of claim 15 wherein said partner type is selected from the group consisting of business, government, non-government, and academic. 17. The system of claim 1 wherein said environmental project surveys further comprises: criteria data categories selected from the group consisting of user biographical data and free form text. 18. The system of claim 15 wherein said central station further comprises: reporting means for generating a report from said user selected criteria data category, said report selected from the group consisting of the number of user identified environmental projects submitted, the past funds granted to a user, the past funds granted to a user identified environmental project associated with said partner, and the comments on finished user identified environmental projects for a user. 19. The system of claim 17 wherein said reporting means further comprises: a report selected from the group consisting of the number of user identified environmental projects submitted within a date range, the number of user identified environmental projects submitted by location, the number of user identified environmental projects matching a specified duration, the number of user identified environmental projects submitted by a specified user, the number of user identified environmental projects that are scaleable, and the number of user identified environmental projects that are replicable, the amount of funds being requested (average), the amount of administration costs being requested (average), the amount of leverage [cash, in-kind, both] (average), the number of projects (or % of projects) per category, the number of projects (or % projects) per target audience, (sorted by location), the number of projects (or % of projects) per partner type (average), and the amount of time to initiate a project (average), the estimated duration of a project (average). 20. The system of claim 1 wherein said data transfer means is selected from the group consisting of world wide web, internet, intranet, and telephony. 21. The system of claim 1 wherein said data transfer means comprises: encrypted data transfer means for securely transmitting said environmental project survey to said central station. 22. The system of claim 1 wherein said database means further comprises: a number assigning means for assigning an identification number to each of said environmental project surveys. 23. The system of claim 1 wherein said database means further comprises: an error checking means for validating said criteria data category selected on said environmental project survey prior to transmission to said central station. 24. The system of claim 1 wherein said central station further comprises: a receipt confirmation means for notifying said user that said environmental project survey was received by said central station. 25. The system of claim 24 wherein said receipt confirmation means comprises email notification. 26. The system of claim 24 wherein said receipt confirmation means includes said identification number. 27. The system of claim 1 wherein said central station further comprises: an updating means for allowing a user to update said environmental project survey once it has been transmitted to said central station. 28. The system of claim 1 wherein said central station further comprises: a locking means for disabling a user's ability to update said environmental project survey once said user identified environmental project is under review by said central station. 29. The system of claim 1 wherein said database further comprises: code search means for enabling said central station to search for the appropriate code listings that are used to dynamically populate list boxes on said environmental project surveys. 30. The system of claim 29 wherein said code listings is selected from the group consisting of project categories, target audience type, organization type, partner types, applicant type, state codes, and tiers. 31. The system of claim 29 wherein said code search means further comprises: editing means for allowing an user to perform a function on the code listings selected from the group consisting of browse, add, and delete. 32. The system of claim 1 wherein said database means further comprises: an archive means for saving said environmental project survey to an archive library. 33. The system of claim 32 wherein said archive means further comprises: a delete means for deleting said environmental project survey from said database means once said environmental project survey has been archived to said archive library. 34. The system of claim 33 wherein said central station further comprises: an archive update means that notifies said users that said environmental project surveys will be sent to said archive library on said database means if not updated. 35. The system of claim 34 wherein archive means further comprises: a restore means for restoring said deleted environmental project survey from said archive library to said database means. 36. The system of claim 1 wherein said database means further comprises: a dating means for tracking submitted dates and updated dates of said environmental project surveys. 37. A method for matching data representative of at least one resource provider stored in a database located at a central station, with data indicative of a user identified environmental project submitted to said central station through a remote computer, said central station having a server connected to said remote computer through a network, comprising: presenting said user an environmental project survey to a display connected to said remote computer, said environmental project survey including at least one criteria data category; inputting data to said at least one criteria data category on said environmental project survey; transmitting said environmental project survey to said server; storing said environmental project survey to said database connected to said server; and automatically matching said inputted at least one criteria data category from said environmental project survey with said data representative of said resource provider. 38. The method of claim 37 further comprising: notifying said resource provider of said matching at least one criteria from said stored environmental project surveys. 39. The method of claim of claim 38 further comprising: saving to said database said matching said selected at least one criteria data category from said environmental project survey with said resource provider. 40. A method for informing a resource provider having specific criteria about matching user identified environmental projects submitted to a central station through a remote computer, said central station having a server connected to said remote computer through a network, comprising: presenting an environmental project survey to a user located at said remote computer, said environmental project survey including at least one criteria data category; inputting data into said at least one criteria data category on said environmental project survey; transmitting said environmental project survey to said central station including a database; storing said environmental project survey to said database; matching said inputted at least one criteria data category from said environmental project survey with said specific criteria to produce at least one environmental project survey that matches said criteria data category; and transmitting from said central station to said resource provider said matched at least one environmental project surveys. 41. The method of claim 40 further comprising; saving to said database said matching at least one criteria data category from said environmental project survey. 42. A method for submitting a user identified environmental project to a central station through a remote computer, said central station having a server connected to said remote computer through a network, comprising: presenting a user an environmental project survey, said environmental project survey including at least one criteria data category; selecting said at least one criteria data category on said environmental project survey; and transmitting said environmental project survey to a central station. 43. The method of claim 42 further comprising: editing said transmitted environmental project survey after it is stored at said central station. 44. A method of generating a report from a database containing at least one stored user identified environmental project including at least one criteria data category and at least one resource provider including at least one specific criteria, said database connected to a display and an input device, comprising: selecting said at least one criteria data category to query with said input device; matching at least one of said criteria data category with at least one of said specific criteria; generating, responsive to said selecting, said report; and displaying the results of said report to said display. 45. A method for producing a matched environmental project survey including at least one criteria data category with at least one resource provider comprising: providing at least one server computer located at a central station in communication with a computer network; generating at least one environmental project survey from said server computer; transmitting said at least one environmental project survey from said server computer to at least one remote computer; inputting at least one of said criteria data category on said at least one environmental project survey; transmitting said inputted environmental project survey to said at least one server computer; storing said at least one resource provider at said central station; and matching said at least one criteria data category from said at least one environmental project survey with said at least one resource provider. 46. The method of claim 45 wherein said matching comprises a relational database match among the stored at least one said criteria data category from said at least one environmental project survey and said at least one said resource provider. 47. An apparatus, comprising: at least one server computer having a database located at a central station and an interface for communicating over a computer network; at least one user having an interface for communicating over said computer network with said server computer; at least one environmental project survey received by said server computer from said at least one user over said computer network; at least one data representative of a resource provider stored at said central station; and query means in communication with said server computer and said database for matching said at least one environmental project survey with said at least one resource provider. 48. The apparatus of claim 47 further comprising: a notification means for notifying said resource provider of said matched environmental project survey. 