A flat-panel, framed fan-unit (1), being tiny, small (2), medium (3), large (4) and extra-large (5) with a light-weight dc-motor drive (6) which attaches to a light-weight composite fan-blade structure (7), having a solid or flexible hinged-lid (shade cover) (8) & (9), that being hinged-mounted (10) to the unit itself for protection of the fan unit (1), and for shade-cover of individuals, pets (11) and occupants beneath the structure, . . . "with this .English Pound.entire fan unit.English Pound. having been attached-to, mounted-to, affixed-to or incorporated into the (fabric-material) (12) and or (frame-structure)(13) of *Outdoor Equipment (14)": hand-held and market umbrella's, shades, canopies, tarps, tents, covers, awnings, domes, shelters, cabins, tops, toppers, overings, sheilds, teepee's, protectors, Bimini's: hard-tops and soft-tops and covers, Carts: hard-tops and soft-tops and covers, Pet: cages, fences, poles, base-units, stakes, storage-units, houses, homes, canopies, pins, leashes, collars, carriers, boxes, stands and assemblies . . . and having special meaning as being: affixed, assembled, fabricated, and or combined into the bimini hard-tops, soft-tops, covers, canopies, shades, umbrella's, awnings and protective shade-covers of: Automotive, Watercraft, Off-road, Utillity, Reacreational, Mass-transit, Heavy Equipment, Agribusiness, Cycles, Lawn and Construction vehicles and components (14): for the purpose of sucking hot air, and propelling cool air onto individuals, pets, structures, devices, items, etc. This units hinged-lid (cover shade) (8 & 9) can be closed-shut to protect the fan unit and occupants during incliment weather. This fan unit can be transportably-attached or detached "without the use of its hinged-lid cover (15)" by means of (an extension-arm (16) which hinge-folds the entire fan unit into a downward-parallel position) when shutting, packaging, closeing, folding a canopy for storage (specificly) and-held and market umbrella's. Power source (17) is supplied by means of solar, portable-batteries, rechargeable-batteries, and or alternating current. This fan unit carries an optional container (18), for storage and delivery of air-coolants onto occupants beneath its structure. This unit has a shell (houseing) (19) structure which allows it to be easily assembled, mounted and or incorporated into pet products, devices and structures.
Claims I claim: 1) A cool-aid fan-shade unit for people and pets and OutdoorEquipment a) having a flat-panel frame of light weight b) having a solar panel connected by use of an opening and closable hinge, with solar panels being either flexible or solid c) having solar panel attached to its hinge as a cover or as a lid d) having use of its lid as a closing-protective-cover for bad weather e) having a lightweight, dc driven motor with speed-control mounted to the frame unit f) having light-weight composite, or plastic fan-blades attached to the dc motors drive-shaft: for the purpose of (intake of cool air), (blowing cool air), (exhausting hot air), and (propelling A/C compound from transportable containers) . . . for purposes of cooling people & pets . . . g) . . . when having been affixed-to, mounted-to, and or incorporated into the fabric-material of hand-held and market umbrellas, shades, canopies, tarps, tents, covers, awnings, domes, shelters, cabins, tops, toppers, overings, sheilds, teepees, protectors, toppers, bimini: hard tops and soft tops and covers, cart: hard tops, soft tops, and covers, pet: hard tops, soft tops & shelter-coverings, Pet: cages, fences, poles, base-units, stakes, houses and homes, pins, canopies, leashes, collars, carriers, boxes, storages units, assemblies, stands, and Outdoor Equipment. h) . . . having special meaning as being: affixed, assembled, fabricated, and or combined in combination into the bimini hard-tops, soft-tops covers, canopies, shades, umbrella's, awnings, and protective covers of: Automotive, Watercraft, Off-Road, Utillity, Reacreational, Mass-transit, Heavy Equipment, Agribusiness, Cycles, Lawn, Construction Vehicles and Components: for the purposes thus mentioned above relative to claim 1. i) having this fan unit affixed-to, assembled, fabricated into and or mounted into a device structure by means of: machining, stamping, adhesives, stitching, stapling, glueing, bolting, bonding, zipping, velcro-methods, but not limited to other combined methods of fabrication. j) having this unit a protective barrier, screen, grate, grill or mesh covering for safety purposes k) having power supplied to the fan unit by means of: a solar-hinged lid, a solar cell (flexible or hard) attached to the lid-cover), a solar panel mounted to the hinged lid-cover, a portable solar panel or cell to be affixed or mounted nearby or adjacent to the fan unit, a solar cell or panel that is transportably affixed to the structure bearing the fan unit, by means of transportable batteries, by means of rechargeable batteries affixed to the fan unit, and by means of portably-transportable-detachable batteries with recharge capabilities mounted onto the structure bearing the fan units. l) having the fan unit in tiny, small, medium, large, and extra-large: too fit the manufactured purposes of the shade or cover units mentioned above in (g) or (h) of claim 1. m) having this units hinged-lid: as a (source of power and shade-cover) for the fan unit itself, individuals, animals, outdoorequipment, occupants beneath it, while its affixed-to, mounted-to, attached-to devices or structures of claim 1, (g) or (h). n) having this unit an adaptive-plug extension-cord for recharging of its power sources, or for the outdoor, patio, porch, walkway, shelter, and (optional) indoor usage 2) A cool-aid fan-shade unit according to claim no. 1. a) having a fan unit with a flat-panel frame b) having the flat-framed fan unit being of circular or square in shape c) having this fan unit to be (attachable and detachable), transportable, portably-self-mounted to bimini's, covers, tops, shelters, canopies, umbrellas, hardtops, softtops, poles, stakes, base-units, leashes, cages, collars, support structures, and fences, rods, outdoorequipment and devices listed in items (g) and (h) of claim 1. d) having fan unit, being portably-attached to a device, base-unit, structure, or canopy-cover bearing this unit by means: of an supporting-arm or structure which (hinge-folds) (the entire fan unit) downward, in case of packing or closeing of the units shade-cover, with fan unit being (optionally) detachable. e) having this fan unit capable of being portably, or securely affixed to a device or structure (prior mentioned) "without the use of its hinged solar panel or lid as in (b) of claim 1". f) having its fan unit the ability to be height-adjusted, according to the occupant or owner of the cool-aid fan-shade unit g) having this unit a protective grill, grate, screen, barrier, or safety cover as in item (j) of claim 1. 3) A cool-aid fan-shade unit as in either claims 1 or 2 a) having a transportable, refillable, reloadable, storage-canister, container, tank, bottle, tube, etc.: for the purpose of holding, containing, delivering, or dispencing A/C (air-conditioning) coolants (dry chemicals and liquids) . . . for the purpose of cooling people, pets, items, devices, structures. b) having this units fan, the ability to blow or propell substances held within the above mentioned containers c) having the containers: an extenable-mounting-arm for connection of the container and fan unit to a device, structure, pole, bar, bracket, or item relative to the prior mentioned, as in claims 1 or 2. d) having this unit a specific market, for hand-held and market umbrella's, but not limited to device structures as in claims 1 or 2 e) having this unit for outdoorequipment: attachable, portable, transportable batteries, rechargeable-batteries, solar-panels that may be affixed to the unit itself, or by means of alternating current methods and technics as the source of power-supply. 4) A cool-aid fan-shade unit as in claims 1, 2, or 3 a) having a protective-covering being vented or open b) having an affixed, or hinged solarpanel-lid mounted to the top of the protective-cover c) having this unit being capable of storing portable or rechargeable batteries, or a battery d) having solar, portable batteries, and rechargeable batteries as a supplying source for power e) having this unit of a flat-frame, thin-panel design: to be used as a protective shell-covering of various sizes, heights, and widths, and as a power source of supply for cool-aid fan-shade units in claims 1, 2, or 3, for means of delivering, blowing, or dispencing cool air onto a subject, anial or individual, along with extraction of hot air from items, as in, (g) and (h) of claim 1. 