An action wobble head doll includes a preprinted, die cut, animated body having an image secured thereto. The image can be a customized digital photograph. The image is secured to the body of the doll via a mounting assembly, which includes a spring secured to at least one mounting plate in a substantially perpendicular manner thereby creating a unique side-to-side movement of the image with respect to the body.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A mounting assembly for an image comprising: a first mounting plate; a spring having a first end portion secured to the first mounting plate such that the spring is substantially perpendicular with respect to the first mounting plate; and an image secured to the first mounting plate. 2. The mounting assembly of claim 1, further comprising a second mounting plate secured to a second end portion of the spring such that the spring is substantially perpendicular with respect to the second mounting plate. 3. The mounting assembly of claim 1, further comprising a spring mount employed to secure the spring to the first mounting plate. 4. The mounting assembly of claim 3, wherein the spring mount comprises epoxy resin. 5. The mounting assembly of claim 1, wherein the image is a photograph. 6. The mounting assembly of claim 1, further comprising a magnet secured to a second end portion of the spring such that the spring is substantially perpendicular with respect to the magnet. 7. The mounting assembly of claim 1, further comprising a button shroud secured to a second end portion of the spring. 8. The mounting assembly of claim 1, further comprising a snap assembly secured to a second end portion of the spring. 9. The mounting assembly of claim 1, further comprising a suction cup assembly secured to a second end portion of the spring. 10. The mounting assembly of claim 1, further comprising a microchip to provide at least one of audio or visual output secured to a second end portion of the spring. 11. A mounting assembly for an image comprising: a cam provided within a cam housing, wherein a portion of the cam projects from a first side of the cam housing; a mounting plate coupled to the portion of the cam that projects from the cam housing; and an image secured to a second side of the cam housing. 12. The mounting assembly of claim 11, wherein the cam housing includes a curvilinear slot located on the first side of the housing, through which the portion of the cam projects. 13. The mounting assembly of claim 11, further comprising a pendulum that couples the mounting plate to the projecting portion of the cam. 14. The mounting assembly of claim 13, wherein the pendulum is spring biased at a pivot point of the pendulum. 15. A wobble head doll comprising: a body; and at least one image coupled to the body via at least one spring extending substantially perpendicular between a vertical plane of the body and a vertical plane of the image, such that the image is able to move in a clockwise and counterclockwise manner when activated. 16. The wobble head doll of claim 15, wherein the body comprises a pressboard having an image provided thereon. 17. The wobble head doll of claim 15, wherein the at least one image is a photograph. 18. The wobble head doll of claim 15, further comprising a base for supporting the body. 19. The wobble head doll of claim 18, wherein the base comprises a slot provided in a top portion of the base for receiving a bottom portion of the body. 20. The wobble head doll of claim 18, wherein the base includes a turntable portion to rotate the wobble head. 21. The wobble head doll of claim 20, wherein the turntable portion is at least one of battery powered, solar powered, magnetic powered, electric powered, microchip powered, and manually powered. 22. The wobble head doll of claim 15, wherein at least two images are coupled to the body via two springs extending substantially perpendicular between a vertical plane of the body and a vertical plane of each of the images. 23. A kit for creating wobble objects comprising: paper for printing a desired image; and a mounting assembly to secure to a back side of the image, wherein the mounting assembly includes at least one mounting plate and at least one spring secured to the mounting plate in a substantially perpendicular manner. 24. The kit of claim 23, further comprising at least one of a body or background for securing the mounting assembly and image thereto. 25. The kit of claim 24, further comprising a base for supporting the body or background. 