A technique and system for the quantitative and systematic processing and analysis of data emanating from various models of controllers connected to power-generating devices which produce digital and analog data related to their production of power.
Claims What is claimed is as follows: 1. A method for tracking and monitoring turbines for determining data for quantification of their operation, said method comprising furnishing a system for tracking and calculating values relevant to the operation of turbines, calculating precise automated quantification of said data for determining the optimum settings for operation of said turbines. 2. A method as in claim 1 wherein said step of calculating includes calculating production of power characteristics. 3. A method as in claim 1 wherein said step of calculating includes calculating consumption of fuel characteristics. 4. A method as in claim 1 wherein said step of calculating includes calculating wear determination on said turbines. 5. A method as in claim wherein said system includes a network comprising combinations of communications protocols such as TGP/IP, GSM, and others. 6. A method as in claim 1 wherein said system includes a web-based management and information sub-system which reflects up-to-date measurements and status information on turbines. 7. A method as in claim 1 wherein said system includes a subsystem capable of storing data obtained through various communications protocols, which can be used to quantify data from a turbine after the operation has occurred. 8. A method as in claims 5, 6 and 7 wherein information is collected from one or more turbines for the purpose of creating generated comparative performance ratings between said turbines. 9. A system for tracking and calculating values relevant to the operation of power-generating devices which produce digital and analog data related to their production of power, said system comprising means to track the quantitative data emanating from a series of controllers connected to said power-generating devices, said controllers producing analog and digital data related to their production of power, means to optimally and automatically determine values relevant to the analog and digital data produced by said controllers so as to precisely calculate information critical to successful operation of said power-generating devices. 10. A system as in claim 9 wherein said means to determine values can calculate values relevant to the production of power, consumption of fuel and determination of wear. 11. A system as in claim 10 wherein said power-generating devices are turbines. 12. A system as in claim 10 wherein said power-generating devices include combustion turbines including jet engines, steam turbines, helicopters, hydroelectric, geothermal, wind, solar, nuclear and similar power-generating devices which product analog and digital data related to the production of their power though the movement of physical substances and/or mechanical components. 13. A system as in claim 10 wherein said system includes a network constructed of various combinations of communications protocols such as TCP/IP, GSM and others. 14. A system as in claim 10 wherein said system includes a web-based management and information capture system which reflects up-to-date measurements and status information on turbines. 15. A system as in claim 10 wherein said system can operate on combustion turbines including jet engine turbines, steam turbines, helicopters, hydroelectric, geothermal, wind solar, nuclear and similar power-generating devices which produce digital and analog data related to the production of their power. 16. A system as in claim 10 wherein said system includes a database sub-system capable of storing data obtained through various communications protocols, which can be used to quantify data from a turbine after the operation has ceased. 17. A system as in claim 10 wherein said system has a first Data Translation Layer. 18. A system as in claim 17 wherein said system has a Second Layer of Interval Determination. 19. A system as in claim 18 wherein said system has a Multi-interval Third Integration Layer. 