A livestock asset management system utilizing an electronic ear tag 14 capable of operating on an open range, corral, or feedlot. The electronic ear tag 14 is capable of reading a radio frequency identification device (RFID) 24, storing that data in a processing unit in the ear tag 36, and then transmitting data to a satellite 12, which relays the information of an individual animal to a hub server 16 that appends a data record and makes that record available over a network 10 for display on a network access device such as a computer 18. An individual or group of animal records can be appended manually or semi-automatically by the livestock owner using a network interface device such as a personal computer 18. With automatic notification to livestock owner if data from the ear tag is outside a pre-defined limit 70 along with graphical displays 60 of same information.
Claims 1. A method of monitoring a livestock animal via a relay satellite, the method comprising the steps of: attaching a radio frequency identification device (RFID) system to the livestock animal; obtaining by the RFID system specific data on the livestock animal; transmitting by the REID system the specific data to the relay satellite; relaying the specific data from the relay satellite to a network hub communicating with a data server; and storing the specific data in the data server. 2. The method of monitoring a livestock animal of claim 1 further comprising the step of obtaining the specific data from the data server. 3. A method for automatic, semi automatic and manual entry of data into an integrated electronic information base for livestock management and data collection comprising; automated electronic registration form which includes fields for the date and time, latitude and longitude location of the individual livestock animal, time tagged monitored biometric reading of individual, livestock animal, identification code that has been assigned to the livestock producer, semi-automatic entry of electronic registration, by selecting a common group of characteristics applied to an individual animal or group of animals, adding data records for a group of animals to a larger group of animals, moving a group of animal data records from a larger group to a sub-group or to different group, a manual entry of electronic registration form for entering the billing address for the registering livestock manager, billing phone number for the registering livestock manager, all contact and location telephone numbers for the registering livestock owner or organization, all electronic mail, cell phone, or personal data assistant numbers or electronic addresses for automated event notification, and the contact person(s) at the site where the animal is located. 4. A means for claim 3 for of manual and semi automatic data entry into an integrated database for livestock management and data collection consisting of; assigning an individual livestock group and individual identifier with subgroup identifiers, and providing networked access to at least one animal electronic data record, said animal electronic data record containing data fields in which characteristics specific to an individual animal which may be automatically/semi automatically/or manually recorded on the animal electronic data record; a livestock producer entity identification means for identifying a livestock producer location with an individual or group of animals within the data collection software; completing an electronic registration form whereby a non-automated livestock producer is enrolled into an automated system, said electronic registration form containing fields for identifying information and contact information for said livestock producer; processing the electronic registration form through an electronically networked processing data server; assigning an electronic livestock producer identification code to each livestock producer location being registered, thereby identifying a livestock producer with a livestock producer identification code, automatically applying the numeric code for the livestock producer to the corresponding registration electronic data, completing an electronic data record by supplying pertinent information on a particular animal, said data record having a unique animal identification numeric code for identifying the animal. 5. A means of asset management wherein the electronic data record includes fields for the complete information of the individual livestock animal consisting of; the ranch/farm or on which the animal is located, visual identification tag number for the animal, animal's sex, brand, method and dosage of medications and vaccinations, all feeding records including type, brand, and source all treatments a particular animal underwent, animal's frame rated as 1-10, animal's health condition rated as 1-10, animal's breed, sire or dam code as such code is defined by the electronic data record, animal's birth date, animal's color, animal's weight at a time tagged date, pregnancy checks performed on the animal, user configurable records as needed to define a characteristic of an individual animal or group, miscellaneous notes as applicable to an individual animal that may be recorded for future reference. 6. The method of claim 5 wherein entering and storing the information from each animal's electronic data record into an integrated electronic database includes the steps of; manually entering information on individual animal over an electronic network data entry device such as a computer terminal connected to the Internet, entering information on individual animal over an electronic network with a handheld networked device, verifying that the livestock producer identification code has been assigned and stored in data collection software program, entering and storing the information from each data record into a data collection software program, a group of information electronic worksheets for recording characteristics common to the group of animals. 7. A means of graphically displaying range land location and individual animals within that area consisting of; graphical representation of area of interest that can be re-scaled as required by using a network browser interface, longitude, latitude, and any biometric information of each animal displayed when selected by graphic pointing device, additional informative information displayed as may be available. 8. A method in claim 7 of predicting range land capacity and generating a warning message of an over grazing condition consisting of; stored reference data of the environmental conditions of range land; and an algorithm that compares the capacity against the number of animals and the amount of time animals are within grazing area to determine available food source; dynamically scalable electronic map accessible over the network by a display device such as a personal computer, or personal data unit connected to the network of the location of the animal(s) in the electronic data records maintained by the livestock owner displaying pasture physical representation and current grazing capacities that automatically track the available resource based on number of animals and duration of animals in the pasture along with historical grazing capabilities definable by default for the specific geographical area and modifiable by the livestock owner with local knowledge increase or decrease of capacity. 9. The means of asset management in an open range wherein the individual animal has a visual and electronic identification tag consisting of; an electronic identification outer shell with visual identification number on the tag shell, an active data processing and memory section, a radio frequency identification device transponder reader, an active satellite transmitter tag device which provides a unique electronic identification code when transmitting or is queried by a satellite radio frequency source and that code identifies a particular animal, an electronic identification tag that is a battery powered electronic tag device with external visual numeric code, an electronic identification tag that includes solar powered battery recharge capabilities, an individual animal identification tag that collects and stores data from an radio frequency identification device with unique identification number and biometric information of the animal such as may be available, an electronic identification tag that contains a global positioning sensor and utilized as a frequency stability source for the satellite and also provides additional information for the individual animal data record for automatic data collection which includes latitude, longitude, time of data record collection, automatic periodic transfer of stored data from the electronic identification tag to the information collection hub server via a relay satellite where the animal's unique identification and data is stored into an integrated electronic file, an electronic identification tag transmitter that will also transmit when exposed to a microwave field such as those found in existing chute or hand scanners, an electronic transmitter frequency that will automatically change to match reader devices currently in use when exposed to such microwave field, an electronic tag battery will be disabled when exposed to such microwave fields, an electronic tag will store latitude, longitude, date an time information when exposed to such microwave field, an electronic tag will transmit to satellite data stored during exposure to external microwave field to network hub server during next communications link. 10. A means of removing and replacing of the electronic identification tag electronic subsystem and placing those electronics into new electronic tag shell consisting of; an electronic plastic shell with hollow interior that holds an electronic tag electronic module subsystem, an electronic tag shell with imbedded solar collector and satellite communications antenna that mate with electronic module when inserted into the hollow tag shell, an electronic tag shell that is permanently sealed after the electronic tag module is inserted, an electronic tag shell that has marking indicators where tag can be cut open and electronic module removed, an electronic tag electronic module that has removable replaceable power source, an electronic tag electronic module that has connector fittings for solar collector and satellite antenna that are imbedded into the electronic tag plastic shell. 11. The method of monitoring a livestock animal of claim 2 wherein the step of obtaining the specific data from the data server includes accessing the data server via a public network. 12. The method of monitoring a livestock animal of claim 1 wherein the step of transmitting the specific data to the relay satellite includes automatically transmitting the specific data at a predetermined time period. 13. The method of monitoring a livestock animal of claim 1 wherein: the RFID system includes a locating device for obtaining the location of the livestock animal; and the specific data includes the location of the livestock animal. 14. The method of monitoring a livestock animal of claim 1 wherein the step of obtaining by the RFID system specific data on the livestock animal includes obtaining biometric readings of the livestock animal from a biometric detector. 15. The method of monitoring a livestock animal of claim 1 wherein the step of attaching a radio frequency identification device (RFID) system on the livestock animal includes affixing an electronic identification tag to the livestock animal, the electronic identification tag providing a unique identification number for identifying a specific livestock animal. 16. The method of monitoring a livestock animal of claim 15 wherein the RFID system includes a RFID chip mounted within the electronic identification tag affixed to the livestock animal. 17. The method of monitoring a livestock animal of claim 1 wherein the RFID system includes a RFID chip implanted under the skin of the livestock animal. 18. The method of monitoring a livestock animal of claim 1 wherein: the step of transmitting by the RFID system the specific data to the relay satellite includes automatically transmitting the specific data at a set time period frequency; and the step of storing the specific data in a data server includes the step of automatically compiling the specific data of the livestock animal with a plurality of other livestock animals. 19. The method of monitoring a livestock animal of claim 1 further comprising the step of modifying the specific data by a user within the data server. 20. A system for monitoring a livestock animal, the system comprising: a radio frequency identification device (RFID) system attached to the livestock animal, the RFID system electronically identifying the livestock animal; means for obtaining specific information on the livestock animal; and means for transmitting the obtained specific information of the livestock animal to a relay satellite. 21. The system for monitoring a livestock animal of claim 20 further comprising: a data server for storing and automatically compiling the obtained specific information of the livestock animal; and a relay satellite for relaying the transmitted specific information to the data server. 22. The system for monitoring a livestock animal of claim 20 wherein the means for transmitting the obtained specific information of the livestock animal includes transmitting the obtained specific information automatically at a predetermined time period. 23. The system for monitoring a livestock animal of claim 20 wherein the means for obtaining specific information on the livestock animal includes a biometric detector for detecting a biometric reading of the livestock animal. 24. The system for monitoring a livestock animal of claim 20 wherein the obtained specific information stored in the data server is accessible via a public network. 25. The system for monitoring a livestock animal of claim 20 wherein the RFID system includes a global positioning satellite (GPS) receiver for determining the location of the livestock animal. 26. A system for monitoring a livestock animal, the system comprising: a radio frequency identification device (RFID) system attached to the livestock animal the RFID system electronically identifying the livestock animal and obtaining specific information on the livestock animal; a relay satellite; a satellite transmitter for transmitting the obtained specific information of the livestock animal to the relay satellite; and a data server; whereby the relay satellite relays the transmitted specific information to the data server, the data server storing and automatically compiling the obtained specific information of the livestock animal. 27. The system for monitoring a livestock animal of claim 26 wherein the RFID system includes an electronic identification tag attached to the livestock animal, the electronic identification tag providing a unique identification number for identifying a specific livestock animal, the electronic identification tag being removable from the livestock animal and reusable with a second livestock animal. 28. The system for monitoring a livestock animal of claim 26 wherein the data server is accessible by a public network. 