A photovoltaic illuminating device, comprising solar cell, electronic circuit, two rechargeable batteries, an illuminating means and a display frame to illuminate during nighttime a house's street address numerals on a roadside mailbox or its supporting post, using solar energy collected and stored in the rechargeable batteries during daytime, is disclosed.
Claims We claim: 1. In combination, a photovoltaic device for illuminating a street address on a roadside mailbox, said device comprising an assembly box, a solar cell, two rechargeable batteries, a lighting means, an electric circuit, two mounting brackets, a rectangular address display frame. 2. The combination of claim 1, wherein the assembly box is a length-by-width square enclosure, the thickness of said enclosure shaped to house said rechargeable batteries and said electric circuit. 3. The combination of claim 1, wherein the solar cell is a square thin-plate solar cell attached to the top surface of said assembly box as in claim 2, and collects solar energy and converts said solar energy to electric energy during daytime. 4. The combination of claim 1, wherein the rechargeable batteries store said electric energy as in claim 3 during daytime, and discharge said stored energy to power said lighting means during night time. 5. The combination of claim 1, the address display frame is a hollow rectangular frame, said frame having two semi-transparent flat diffusers attached to its two sides, said flat diffusers designed to allow self-adhesive address numerals to stick to said diffusers' outer surface. 6. The combination of claim 1, wherein the lighting means are two light-emitting diodes, one said diode installed at one end of said rectangular display frame as in claim 5, and one said diode installed at the opposite end of said rectangular display frame as in claim 5, said diodes wired to said electric circuit. 7. The said lighting means as in claim 5 further comprising two optical fiber panels, said panels adapted to inside dimension of said address display frame, using said light-emitting diodes as light sources, creating a uniform lighting background for both flat diffusers as in claim 5. 8. The combination of claim 1, wherein the electric circuit charges said batteries using said electric energy as in claim 3 during daytime, and transmits said discharged energy as in claim 4 to power said light-emitting diodes as in claim 6 during nighttime. 9. The said device as in claim 1 further comprising a photo sensor installed besides said solar cell at the top surface of said assembly box as in claim 2, said photo sensor incorporated into said electric circuit as in claim 8, sensing ambient light level to operate said electric circuit for said charging process during daytime and said transmitting process during nighttime as in claim 8. 10. The combination of claim 1, wherein the two mounting brackets are both L-shaped, one said bracket attached to bottom surface of said assembly box, one said bracket attached to surface of mailbox post, permitting two rotational adjustments of said assembly box to position said solar cell to absorb the maximum solar energy during daytime. 11. In combination, a photovoltaic device for illuminating a street address on a roadside mailbox, said device comprising a rectangular address display frame, a solar cell, two rechargeable batteries, a lighting means, an electric circuit. 12. The combination of claim 11, wherein the address display frame is a hollow rectangular frame, said frame having two semi-transparent flat diffusers attached to its two sides, said flat diffusers designed to allow self-adhesive address numerals to stick to said diffusers' outer surface. 13. The said address display frame as in claim 12 further having a hollow space at one end, said space adapted to house said rechargeable batteries and said electric circuit. 14. The combination of claim 11, wherein the solar cell is a long rectangular thin-plate solar cell attached to the top surface of said address display frame as in claim 12, and collects solar energy and converts said solar energy to electric energy during daytime. 15. The combination of claim 11, wherein the rechargeable batteries store said electric energy as in claim 14 during daytime, and discharge said stored energy to power said lighting means during nighttime. 16. The combination of claim 11, wherein the lighting means are two light-emitting diodes, one said diode installed at one end of said rectangular display frame as in claim 12, and one said diode installed at the opposite end of said rectangular display frame as in claim 12, said diodes wired to said electric circuit. 17. The said lighting means as in claim 16 further comprising two optical fiber panels, said panels adapted to inside dimension of said address display frame as in claim 12, using said light-emitting diodes as in claim 16 as light sources, creating a uniform lighting background for both flat diffusers as in claim 12. 18. The combination of claim 11, wherein the electric circuit charges said batteries using said electric energy as in claim 14 during daytime, and transmits said discharged energy as in claim 15 to power said light-emitting diodes as in claim 16 during nighttime. 19. The said device as in claim 11 further comprising a photo sensor located besides said solar cell as in claim 14 at the top surface of said display frame as in claim 12, said photo sensor integrated into said electric circuit as in claim 18, sensing ambient light level to operate said electric circuit as in claim 18 for said charging process during daytime and said transmitting process during nighttime as in claim 18. 