A system for wildlife activity monitoring in a remote location comprising a microprocessor, an image capture portion operatively connected to the microprocessor that captures an image from a field of view, a motion detector attached to the microprocessor that provides a signal to the microprocessor indicating when an animal is detected within the field of view, a memory operatively connected to the microprocessor for storing images captured by the image capture portion, and a communications portion operatively attached to the microprocessor wherein the communications portion transmits the images to a host computer upon the happening of a triggering event.
Claims I claim: 1. A system for wildlife activity monitoring in a remote location comprising: a microprocessor; an image capture portion operatively connected to the microprocessor that captures an image from a field of view; a motion detector attached to the microprocessor that provides a signal to the microprocessor indicating when an animal is detected within the field of view; a memory operatively connected to the microprocessor for storing images captured by the image capture portion; and a communications portion operatively attached to the microprocessor wherein the communications portion transmits the images to a host computer upon the happening of a triggering event. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein the triggering event is selected from the group consisting of: the memory filling to its capacity, passing of a predetermined time of day, passing of a predetermined length of time from a previous triggering event, a command received from a remote location to transmit the contents of the memory, the cessation of an indication from the detector that motion is present, an initiation of an indication from the detector that motion is present, or any combination thereof 3. The system of claim 1 wherein the triggering event is selected from the group consisting of the memory filling to its capacity, passing of a predetermined time of day, passing of a predetermined length of time from a previous triggering event, a command received from a remote location to transmit the contents of the memory, the cessation of an indication from the detector that motion is present or any combination thereof. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein the microprocessor, the image capture portion, the motion detector, the memory, and the communications portion are powered exclusively by batteries. 5. The system of claim 1 wherein the microprocessor, the image capture portion, the motion detector, the memory, and the communications portion are powered exclusively by batteries and solar energy. 6. The system of claim 1 further comprising a sensor operatively connected to the microprocessor for measuring a parameter of weather at the location of the sensor. 7. The system of claim 6 wherein the sensor is a thermometer. 8. The system of claim 1 further comprising a global positioning sensor operatively connected to the microprocessor for indicating global position coordinates. 9. The system of claim 1 wherein the motion detector is an infrared detector. 10. The system of claim 1 wherein the motion detector is a radio frequency detector utilizing the Doppler effect. 11. A method of monitoring wildlife activity in a remote location comprising the steps of: providing a camera physically located within the remote location; detecting the presence of an animal within a field of view of the camera; capturing images of the animal within the field of view when the presence of the animal is detected; storing the images within the camera; automatically electronically transmitting the stored images from the camera to a computer upon the occurrence of a predetermined triggering event. 12. The method of claim 1 wherein the step of the storing the images within the camera further comprises the step of storing the images within a memory within the camera. 13. The method claim 11 further comprising the step of auto-deleting the image from the memory after the step of automatically electronically transmitting the stored images. 14. The method of claim 11 further comprising the step of recording an item of information selected from the group consisting of: location data, weather data, time data or any combination thereof. 15. The method of claim 11 wherein the triggering event is selected from the group consisting of: the memory filling to its capacity, passing of a predetermined time of day, passing of a predetermined length of time from a previous triggering event, a command received from a remote location to transmit the contents of the memory, the cessation of an indication from the detector that motion is present, an initiation of an indication from the detector that motion is present, or any combination thereof 16. The method of claim 11 wherein the triggering event is selected from the group consisting of: the memory filling to its capacity, passing of a predetermined time of day, passing of a predetermined length of time from a previous triggering event, a command received from a remote location to transmit the contents of the memory, the cessation of an indication from the detector that motion is present or any combination thereof. 17. The method of claim 11 wherein the camera is powered exclusively by batteries. 18. The method of claim 11 wherein the camera is powered exclusively by batteries and solar energy. 19. The method of claim 11 further comprising the step of: detecting a temperature of the remote location; and automatically electronically transmitting the detected temperature. 20. The method of claim 11 further comprising the step of: detecting the global position coordinates of the camera; and automatically electronically transmitting the detected coordinates. 21. The system of claim 11 wherein the camera detects the presence of an animal with an infrared detector. 22. The system of claim 11 wherein the camera detects the presence of a radio frequency detector utilizing the Doppler effect. 