A system and method for lower cost, high efficiency, thermophotovoltaic distributed generation includes: an emitter, a photovoltaic cell, and transient electrical energy storage.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A system for thermoelectric power generation comprising: a heated emitter; a filter; a photovoltaic cell; an input thermal energy regulator; and transient electric energy storage. 2. The system of claim 1, where said heated emitter is a photonic crystal. 3. The system of claim 2, where said photonic crystal possesses a 3D photonic bandgap. 4. The system of claim 2, where the emission wavelengths are predominantly visible. 5. The system of claim 2, where said photonic crystal possesses an inverse opal structure. 6. The system of claim 2, where said photonic crystal is comprised of one material with a complex dielectric constant. 7. The system of claim 2, where said photonic crystal contains: W, Mo, Cu, Au, Ag, Ge, Ge/Ni, Ge/W, or Ge/Ni/W. 8. The system of claim 2, where the spectra of said emitted energy is tailored to a Si or GaAs photovoltaic cell. 9. The system of claim 2, where said transient energy storage includes a capacitor or ultracapacitor. 10. The system of claim 2, where said filter is one of: a photonic crystal layer with a different photonic bandgap than the photonic bandgap of said emitter, attached to said emitter; a photonic crystal with a different photonic bandgap than the photonic bandgap of said emitter, thermally isolated from said emitter; quantum dot; or phosphor. 11. The system of claim 2, where said input thermal energy regulator consists of: an iris is interposed between said emitter and said photovoltaic cell; and/or a variable input fuel flow control valve. 12. The system of claim 11, where said iris is perforated such to maintain an approximately uniform optical density. 13. The system of claim 11, where said iris is momentarily opened or closed, the resultant change in photovoltaic output is monitored, and input thermal energy is adjusted to operate closer to the maximum power point of said photovoltaic cell. 14. The system of claim 11, where said iris is adjusted by a load manager in anticipation of a load step. 15. The system of claim 2, where a heat source is one or more of: solar, natural gas, propane, kerosene, diesel, coal, animal or vegetable oil, alcohol, geothermal, biologically contaminated fuel, cross linked fuel, fractionated fuel, water contaminated fuel, or waste process heat. 16. The system of claim 15, where a burner also includes a recuperator and/or CCHP ports. 17. The system of claim 15, where insolation is collected and converted to heat with a parabolic trough collector. 18. The system of claim 15, where the temperature of said heat source is elevated with a heat pump. 19. The system of claim 18, where said heat pump includes a photonic band gap emitter. 20. The system of claim 15, where heat is stored for seasonal variations. 21. The system of claim 2, where any block, group of blocks, input or output in the system is duplicated and connected for redundancy. 22. The system of claim 21, where said system is in an environmentally hardened location, excluding a heat source. 23. A means for thermophotovoltaic power conversion comprising: a thermal input means; a thermally stimulated photonic crystal optical emitter; a photovoltaic cell; and a means for providing a low impedance electric output. 24. The system of claim 23, where said emitter comprises a photonic crystal with a 3D photonic band gap. 25. The system of claim 24, where one material possesses a complex dielectric constant. 26. The system of claim 24, where said photonic crystal has an inverse opal structure. 27. The system of claim 23, where said means of providing a low impedance electric output includes an ultracapacitor. 28. The system of claim 23, where a filter means improves the spectral matching of said emitter to said photovoltaic cell. 29. The system of claim 23, including a means to vary the intensity of the incident energy on the photovoltaic cell such that said photovoltaic cell is operating at its maximum power point. 30. The system of claim 29, including a means to determine said maximum power point by momentarily reducing and/or increasing the incident energy intensity on said photovoltaic cell and monitoring the resultant change in efficiency of said photovoltaic cell while said means for providing a low impedance system electric output prevents any deviation in system electric output. 31. The system of claim 29, including a means to determine said maximum power point by momentarily reducing and/or increasing electric load on said photovoltaic cell and monitoring the resultant change in efficiency of said photovoltaic cell while said means for providing a low impedance system electric output prevents any deviation in system electric output. 32. The system of claim 29, including a lookup table to determine said maximum power point. 33. The system of claim 32, including a learning means to update said lookup table with more accurate values. 34. The system of claim 23, where the means of thermal input includes a burner, catalytic converter, and/or recuperator. 35. The system of claim 23, where the thermal input means includes waste heat generated by another process. 36. The system of claim 23, where the means of thermal input includes a parabolic trough solar concentrator. 37. The system of claim 23, including a means to store collected energy as heat. 38. The system of claim 23, where the temperature of the thermal input is increased with a heat pump. 39. A method of thermophotovoltaic power conversion including: applying thermal energy; thermally stimulating a photonic crystal to emit optical radiation; converting said optical radiation to electric energy utilizing a photovoltaic cell; adjusting incident energy on said photovoltaic cell for optimum efficiency; and providing a low impedance output. 40. The method of claim 39, where said photonic crystal exhibits a full 3D photonic bandgap. 41. The method of claim 40, where said photonic crystal has a Lincoln log structure. 42. The method of claim 39, where said photonic crystal contains one material with a complex dielectric constant. 43. The method of claim 39, where said photonic crystal has dominant visible emissions. 44. The method of claim 39, including further spectral shaping to match the optical spectra of said optical radiation to the highest photovoltaic conversion efficiency. 45. The method of claim 39, where the incident energy on said photovoltaic cell is adjusted to the maximum power point of said photovoltaic cell. 46. The method of claim 45, utilizing an iris. 47. The method of claim 39, where the input to output power ratio of said photovoltaic cell is measured, a transient shift in input power is applied, the input to output power ratio is measured again, and the input power is adjusted to increase the input to output power ratio. 48. The method of claim 39, where a capacitor provides said low impedance output. 49. The method of claim 39, where said thermal energy is from a solar and/or fossil fuel and/or bio fuel and/or waste process heat source. 