A solar collector structural support system that affixes to a mounting surface without penetrating the mounting surface is disclosed. The invention in the preferred embodiment includes a junction element adapted to receive: a plurality of leg members; at least one footing adapted to engage frictionally a mounting surface; and a structural support member; wherein a first junction element of the plurality of junction elements receives: a proximal end of a first leg member and a first structural support member. In addition, the junction element may be adapted to receive a ballast element and the ballast element may be adapted to engage a leg member.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar collector support system comprising: a first junction element adapted to receive: a plurality of leg members; at least one footing adapted to engage frictionally a mounting surface; and a first structural support member; wherein the first junction element receives a proximal end of a first leg member 2. The solar collector support system of claim 1 wherein the first junction element of the plurality of junction elements receives a first structural support member. 3. The solar collector support system of claim 2 wherein the first structural support member is adapted to support a solar collector. 4. The solar collector support system of claim 2 wherein the first structural support member is adapted to support a footing of a solar collector. 5. The solar collector support system of claim 1 wherein the first structural support member is adapted to support a wind shield. 6. The solar collector support system of claim 1 wherein a distal end of the first leg member receives a ballast element. 7. The solar collector support system of claim 1 wherein a second junction element of the plurality of junction elements receives a distal end of the first leg member. 8. The solar collector support system of claim 1 further comprising: a second junction element adapted to receive: a plurality of leg members; at least one footing adapted to engage frictionally a mounting surface; and a first structural support member; wherein a second junction element of the plurality of junction elements receives a distal end of the first leg member and a ballast element. 9. The solar collector support system of claim 8 wherein the first leg member is detachably attached to both the first junction element and the second junction element. 10. The solar collector support system of claim 8 wherein the first leg member is rotatably attached to at least one of the first junction element and the second junction element. 11. The solar collector support system of claim 8 wherein a second junction element receives a distal end of the first leg member and is adapted to receive a wind shield structural support member. 12. The solar collector support system of claim 1 wherein the first leg member is adapted to house an electrical line. 13. The solar collector support system of claim 1 wherein a distal end of the first leg member is adapted to abut a structure extending from the mounting surface. 14. The solar collector support system of claim 1 wherein a distal end of the first leg member is adapted to extend beyond and about a mounting surface boundary. 15. A solar collector support system ballast element comprising: a reservoir adapted to contain removable ballasting mass; and a receiver adapted to engage a junction element of a solar collector support system, wherein the junction element is adapted to receive: a plurality of leg members; at least one footing adapted to engage frictionally a mounting surface; and a first structural support member. 16. The solar collector support system ballast element of claim 15 further comprising: a receiver adapted to engage a leg member detachably attached to a solar collector support system junction element. 