Methods, program storage devices and systems for developing a Personalized Medicine Service (100) for an individual or group of individuals that can support the operation, customization and coordination of computer systems, software, products, services, data, entities and/or devices.
Claims 1. A personalized medicine service method, comprising: preparing data from a plurality of subject related systems for use in processing, defining a subject using at least a portion of said data, analyzing said data as required to define and store a complete context for said subject, and using said complete context to complete useful activities selected from the group consisting of customizing a treatment, customizing a test, ordering a treatment, ordering a test, forecasting a sustainable longevity, completing a search for relevant information, analyzing the impact of user specified changes on subject performance, capturing a subject related knowledge from one or more subject matter experts, collaborating with others to refine a subject knowledge, customizing any combination of products, services and information for the subject, displaying a graph about subject performance, educating a combination of users, managers and collaborators about the subject in an interactive manner, exchanging any combination of resources, elements, commitments, data and information with one or more subjects or entities in an automated fashion, forecasting one or more future values of subject related variables, identifying one or more metrics and rules for monitoring subject performance, identifying one or more changes that will optimize subject performance on one or more function measures, optimizing an information technology device's support of subject performance, quantifying one or more risks to subject function measure performance, quantifying an impact of surprises on subject performance, simulating a subject performance, establishing one or more priorities for subject actions and commitments, establishing an expected performance level for the subject, reviewing a subject performance using user defined measures, regulatory measures and combinations thereof, simulating subject performance, identifying a data and information combination that is most relevant to the subject, identifying one or more subject preferences, loading a data and information combination that is most relevant to the subject into a cache, underwriting a subject related security, identifying a valid context space for subject analyses, creating a true natural language interface for the subject, creating a summary of subject context, developing one or more programs for subject related devices, developing one or more programs for bots to support subject performance, developing one or more subject related software programs, developing an organization ontology, delivering an appropriate portion of subject knowledge to subject related narrow systems, delivering an appropriate portion of subject knowledge to devices, and combinations thereof. 2. The method of claim 1 wherein a complete context is defined by components of context selected from the group consisting of a reference frame location, one or more projects, one or more events, one or more factors, one or more resources, one or more elements, one or more actions, one or more transactions, one or more processes, one or more measures, one or more constraints, one or more preferences, one or more lexicons and combinations thereof. 3. The method of claim 1 where a subject further comprises a patient--entity system. 4. The method of claim 3 where entities are members of a group selected from the group consisting of voter, precinct, caucus, city, county, state/province, regional, national, multi-national, global, household, neighborhood, community, city, region, brand, expectations, ideas, ideology, knowledge, law, money, right, relationship, service, individual, nuclear family, extended family, clan, ethnic group, organization, multi-organization, industry, market, economy, team, group, department, division, company, organization species, genus, family, order, class, phylum, kingdom, macromolecular complexes, protein, rna, dna, x-ylation, organelles, cells, structures, organs, organic systems, organism, monomer, dimer, large oligomer, aggregate, particle, molecules, compounds, chemicals, catalysts, minerals, sediment, rock, landform, plate, continent, planet, quark, particle zoo, protons, neutrons, electrons, atoms, molecules, dark matter, asteroids, comets, planets, stars, solar system, galaxy, universe, compounds, minerals, components, subassemblies, assemblies, subsystems, goods, systems, pond, lake, bay, sea, ocean, creek, stream, river, current, atmosphere, clouds, lightning, precipitation, storm, wind and combinations thereof. 5. The method of claim 1 where a subject further comprises a patient or two or more patients. 6. The method of claim 1 where a subject further comprises a patient. 7. The method of claim 1 where a subject further comprises two or more patients. 8. A program storage device readable by machine, tangibly embodying a program of instructions executable by a machine to perform method steps for performing a personalized medicine service method, comprising: preparing data from a plurality of subject related systems for use in processing, defining a subject using at least a portion of said data, analyzing at least a portion of said data as required to define a complete context for the health of said subject, and storing and distributing said context in a format readable by machine. 9. The program storage device of claim 8 wherein a complete context is stored in a contextbase. 10. The program storage device of claim 9 wherein a contextbase stores data, information and knowledge using one or more context layers where context layers are selected from the group consisting of an element layer, a resource layer, an environment layer, a relationship layer, a lexicon layer, a measure layer, a transaction layer, a reference frame layer and combinations thereof. 11. The program storage device of claim 8 wherein a complete context is distributed via an Internet, a network, a service or a bot. 12. The program storage device of claim 8 wherein a subject is a patient, two or more patients or a patient-entity system. 13. The program storage device of claim 8 where the method further comprises using said complete context to complete useful activities selected from the group consisting of customizing a treatment, customizing a test, ordering a treatment, ordering a test, forecasting a sustainable longevity and combinations thereof. 14. A complete context search method, comprising preparing data from a plurality of entity related systems for use in processing, analyzing at least a portion of said data as required to define a complete context for said entity, searching a plurality of data sources to identify a combination data, information, knowledge that is most relevant to said complete entity context, and displaying the results of the search using a paper document or electronic display. 15. The method of claim 14 wherein a complete context is defined by components of context selected from the group consisting of a reference frame location, one or more projects, one or more events, one or more factors, one or more resources, one or more elements, one or more actions, one or more transactions, one or more processes, one or more measures, one or more constraints, one or more preferences, one or more lexicons and combinations thereof. 16. The method of claim 14 wherein searching a plurality of data sources to identify a combination of data, information, knowledge that is most relevant to a complete entity context further comprises searching a set of results from a plurality of publicly available search engines or indexing a plurality of data sources in accordance with a complete entity context and searching the indexed data sources. 