A method and apparatus for mounting solar panels is provided. Preferably, the apparatus includes a base, a solar panel receiving structure, and a support structure coupling the base to the solar panel receiving structure such that the solar panel receiving structure is at least one of elevated and angled relative to the base. The solar panel receiving structure preferably includes a base member, a first side member coupled to the base member, and a second side member coupled to the base member. Preferably, the first side member and the second side member are slotted so as to slidably receive at least one solar panel between the first side member, the second side member, and the base member.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A solar panel mounting structure, comprising: a base; a solar panel receiving structure, comprised of a base member; a first side member coupled to the base member; and a second side member coupled to the base member; and a support structure coupling the base to the solar panel receiving structure such that the solar panel receiving structure is at least one of elevated and angled relative to the base, wherein the first side member and the second side member are slotted so as to slidably receive at least one solar panel between the first side member, the second side member, and the base member. 2. The solar panel mounting structure of claim 1, wherein the base member has an adjustable length. 3. The solar panel mounting structure of claim 1, wherein the solar panel receiving structure further comprises: a dividing member coupled to the base member between the first and second side members and oriented substantially parallel to the first and second side members, wherein the dividing member is slotted so as to slidably receive a first solar panel between the first side member and the dividing member, and a second solar panel between the second side member and the dividing member. 4. The solar panel mounting structure of claim 1, wherein the solar panel receiving structure further comprises: a dividing member coupled to the first and second side members and oriented substantially parallel to the base member, wherein the solar panel receiving structure slidably receives a first solar panel between the first side member, the second side member, the base member, and the dividing member, and wherein the solar panel receiving structure slidably receives a second solar panel between the first side member, the second side member, and the dividing member on a side opposite to the base member. 5. The solar panel mounting structure of claim 1, wherein the solar panel receiving structure further comprises a retainer coupled to the first side member and the second side member opposite the base member. 6. The solar panel mounting structure of claim 1, wherein a length of a first end of the supporting structure is different than a length of a second end of the supporting structure such that a plane of the base is angled relative to a plane of the solar panel receiving structure. 7. The solar panel mounting structure of claim 6, wherein an angle between the plane of the base and the plane of the solar panel receiving structure is not greater than about 45.degree.. 8. The solar panel mounting structure of claim 1, wherein a length of at least one of a first end of the supporting structure and a second end of the supporting structure is adjustable such that a plane of the solar panel receiving structure may be angled relative to a plane of the base. 9. The solar panel mounting structure of claim 1, wherein the supporting structure comprises a plurality of beams fixed at one end to the base and fixed at another end to the solar panel receiving structure. 10. The solar panel mounting structure of claim 1, wherein the supporting structure has a length sufficient to elevate the solar panel receiving structure at least about five feet above the base. 11. The solar panel mounting structure of claim 1, wherein the base comprises a plurality of blocks coupled to the support structure. 12. The solar panel mounting structure of claim 11, wherein the base further comprises a plurality of beams interconnecting the plurality of blocks. 13. The solar panel mounting structure of claim 11, wherein the plurality of blocks are formed of a solid rubber. 14. The solar panel mounting structure of claim 11, wherein the plurality of blocks have sufficient weight to withstand a wind speed of about 90 mph. 15. A method of mounting solar panels, comprising: sliding at least one solar panel into a solar panel receiving structure; elevating the solar panel receiving structure from a base; and positioning the base on a surface, the base having a sufficient weight to retain the base on the surface without fixing the base to the surface. 16. The method of claim 15, further comprising angling the solar panel receiving structure relative to the base. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein an angle between a plane of the base and a plane of the solar panel receiving structure is not greater than about 45.degree.. 18. The method of claim 15, wherein a plurality of solar panels are slid into the solar panel receiving structure. 19. The method of claim 15, further comprising at least one of adjusting a width and a length of the solar panel receiving structure to accommodate differently sized solar panels. 20. A solar panel receiving structure, comprising: means for slidably retaining a plurality of solar panels; means for adjustably elevating and angling the means for slidably retaining relative to a surface; and means for retaining on the surface the means for adjustably elevating and angling. 1 PARTS LIST angle between plane of base 110 and plane of solar panel receiving structure 130 .theta. base 110 base member (of receiving structure) 830 beams (of base member) 240-245 beams (of support structure) 410-413 blocks (of base) 210-213 first dividing member (of receiving structure) 840 first side member (of receiving structure) 810 length of base member 830 L.sub.830 length of first and second side members 810, 820 L.sub.810,820 retainer (of receiving structure) 860 second dividing member (of receiving structure) 850 second side member (of receiving structure) 820 solar panel 1000 solar panel array 1010 solar panel mounting structure 100 solar panel receiving structure 130 support structure 120 