A real-time continuous detector device for detection of contaminants in a sample includes at least one sample management module, including a mechanism to control sample flow management to place the sample on a sample area. At least one electronic module for data processing and control is provided, and there is at least one optical module consisting of at least one real-time replaceable sensor cartridge containing a plurality of sensors, and at least one real-time optical pathogen detector connected to the electronic module for data processing. Power is provided and the device is equipped with at least one secure communication module adapted to transmit encrypted information over a secure link to a remote location and for receiving information. The invention also discloses a system making use of detectors for real-time detection of contaminants and for early warning capability, among others.
Claims 1. A real-time continuous detector device for detection of contaminants in a sample, comprising: at least one sample management module, including means to control sample flow management to place said sample on a sample area; at least one electronic module for data processing and control; at least one optical module consisting of at least one real-time replaceable sensor cartridge containing a plurality of sensors, and at least one real-time optical pathogen detector connected to said electronic module for data processing; at least one power module; and at least one secure communication module adapted to transmit encrypted information over a secure link to a remote location and for receiving information. 2. A real-time detector device according to claim 1, wherein said remote location is a central monitoring station. 3. A real-time detector device according to claim 1, wherein said device further includes a camera for recording events and for taking images of each of said at least one sensor. 4. A real-time detector device according to claim 1, wherein said device detects at least one pathogen presence/absence and/or concentration in less than 30 minutes after said sample reaches said sensing area. 5. A real-time detector device according to claim 1, further comprising an automated sampling module which manages sample flow and pre-processing of said sample through said device. 6. A real-time detector device according to claim 5, further comprising redundant and alternative substance flow paths, and at least one pump. 7. A real-time detector device according to claim 5, wherein said device contains a pre-concentration filter for isolating contaminants in a smaller volume, a cleaning storage and a sample preparation storage. 8. A real-time detector device according to claim 5, wherein said device further includes a temperature controller for controlling temperature of said sample prior to deposition on said sample area. 9. A real-time detector device according to claim 5, wherein said automated sampling module comprises walls suitable for a particular substance flow which minimizes water clogs in case of water quality monitoring. 10. A real-time detector device according to claim 5, wherein said sampling module, opening and closing sample flow paths, pump actions, alternative sample paths and sampling frequency is controlled by said electronic module. 11. A real-time detector device according to claim 1, wherein said optical module for real-time detection of contaminants comprises a real-time sensor module and real-time detector module. 12. A real-time detector device according to claim 1, wherein said plurality of sensors are movable between an unused sensor area, said sample area, and a used sensor area. 13. A real-time detector device according to claim 1, wherein said sensors are coated with receptors which interact with contaminants and allow for detection of presence/absence of a specific contaminant or contaminant group and/or quantity of said contaminant. 14. A real-time detector device according to claim 1, wherein said sensors are adapted to detect one or more pathogens and other contaminants. 15. A real-time detector device according to claim 1, wherein said sensors have a sensor lifetime which is known or is determined by analyzing an amount of time that the sensor was in a contact with a substance, concentration of a contaminant detected by a specific sensor and a sensor-health detection system response. 16. A real-time detector device according to claim 1, further comprising a real-time detector module which measures optical signal parameters, or signal change and processes the signal to provide detection indicators. 17. A real-time detector device according to claim 1, wherein said power module manages at least one power supply as AC/DC, solar, self-generated power, power sent wirelessly to the unit, batteries or a combination thereof. 18. A real-time detector device according to claim 1, wherein said device is enclosed in a mechanical casing. 19. An automated process for real-time monitoring of contaminants with early warning capability comprising: a plurality of detectors; and a central location for receiving information from said detectors, for real-time detection and quantity of contaminants; for real-time results processing and secure transmission; for secure storage and pathogen information processing; for early warning capability and contaminant path prediction; and for hazard response measures. 20. The process according to claim 19, wherein said detectors are selected from the group consisting of continuous detectors and hand-held detectors. 21. The process according to claim 19, further comprising the step of initiating automatic control functions to prevent hazards to occur based on learned contaminant information. 22. The process according to claim 19, further comprising the step of detecting at least one pathogen among other contaminants. 23. An automated system for real-time detection and remote monitoring of contaminants with early warning capability comprising: at least one real-time contaminant detector; at least one secure real-time transmission link; at least one remote, secure storage; and means for early warning, contamination path prediction and hazard response measures based on information received from said at least one detector. 24. A real-time detector device according to claim 23, wherein at least one of said at least one detector of a real-time contaminant detector, detects at least one pathogen presence/absence and/or concentration in less than 30 minutes after a sample reaches optical module. 25. A real-time detector device according to claim 23, wherein encrypted information is transmitted over a secured transmission link. 26. A real-time detector device according to claim 23, wherein said remote storage collects information, systematically analyzes information and makes prediction of contamination path, based on learned information, position of detectors, system health-check and pre-programmed mathematical formulas. 27. A real-time detector device according to claim 26, wherein said system initiates corrective actions automatically and generates instructions to authorized personnel on hazard response measures. 28. A real-time detector device according to claim 23, wherein said remote storage has a graphical user interface viewing capability comprised of geographical clusters, which shows contaminant levels, historical statistics, alarms if critical contaminant quantity threshold is reached and a forecasted contamination path, for a specific contaminant. 29. A real-time detector device according to claim 23, wherein at least one of said at least one detector is a real-time portable hand-held detector device for detection and monitoring of contaminants, said detector comprising: at least one sample deposition module; at least one optical module, which consists of at least one real-time replaceable sensor cartridge, and at least one real-time optical pathogen detector connected to an electronic module for data processing; at least one electronic module for data processing and control; at least one power module; and at least one secure communication module with a capability to transmit encrypted information over a secure link to a remote storage and to receive information. 30. A real-time detector device according to claim 29, wherein said portable hand-held detector detects at least one pathogen presence/absence and/or concentration in less than 30 minutes after a sample reaches said optical module. 31. A real-time detector device according to claim 29, wherein said sensors are coated with receptors, which interact with pathogens and allow for detection of presence/absence of a specific contaminant or contaminant group and/or quantity of this contaminant. 32. A real-time detector device according to claim 29, wherein said detector is adapted to detect contaminants. 33. A system for real-time monitoring and detection of pathogens comprising: a plurality of real-time detector devices for detection and monitoring of pathogens, each of said devices comprising: a power module; a sensor module including at least one sensor; a real-time detector module; computer means for processing data produced by said real-time detector module; managing power; and managing communications; a secure communications module for communicating data to and from a remote location; and a central monitoring station for receiving data from said devices, said central monitoring station including means for analyzing said data and generating alarm conditions upon detection of a pathogen. 34. A real-time detector according to claim 1, wherein said remote location is another real-time detector device. 