The present invention places an electronic controller and/or a triac in a frame, a cover, a chase, or a mounting member of a heated glass panel assembly, where the panel has a conductive coating dispose on it. By placing the controller in the panel frame, the cover, the chase, or the mounting member, field wiring of the panel assembly is greatly reduced, wire lengths are standardized, production glazing, wiring, and pre-testing are facilitated, and installation time and complexity are minimized. By placing the triac in thermal contact with the panel frame, the cover, the chase, or the mounting member, the heat from the triac may be used to complement the heat supplied by the assembly.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A heated glass panel assembly, comprising: an insulated glass panel, a laminated glass panel, or a glass panel comprising a combination of an insulated glass panel and a laminated glass panel, the glass panel having a conductive coating disposed thereon; a frame, a cover, a chase, or a mounting member, wherein the frame, the cover, the chase, or the mounting member is disposed on a periphery of the glass panel; and an electronic controller in electrical communication with the conductive coating, the electronic controller being disposed within the frame, the cover, the chase, or the mounting member. 2. The heated glass panel assembly of claim 1, further comprising at least one triac, the triac being in thermal contact with a thermally conductive area of the frame, the cover, the chase, or the mounting member, and in electrical communication with the electronic controller. 3. The heated glass panel assembly of claim 2, wherein the thermally conductive area comprises a thermally conductive metal. 4. The heated glass panel assembly of claim 1, further comprising wiring disposed within the frame, the cover, the chase, or the mounting member, wherein the wiring is utilized to electrically connect at least the controller to the triac, the assembly to electrical power, and the assembly to other assemblies. 5. The heated glass panel assembly of claim 1, wherein the controller is part of an integrated connection circuit. 6. The heated glass panel assembly of claim 1, wherein the glass panel is an architectural panel. 7. The heated glass panel assembly of claim 1, wherein the glass panel is a solar panel capable of supplying electricity to an electrical appliance, a motor, or a battery. 8. The heated glass panel assembly of claim 1, wherein the glass panel is a warming oven shelf. 9. The heated glass panel assembly of claim 1, wherein the glass panel is an oven door. 10. The heated glass panel assembly of claim 1, wherein the glass panel is a cloth heater. 11. The heated glass panel assembly of claim 1, wherein the mounting ember is a base setting block. 12. An assembly of heated glass panels, comprising: at least two insulated glass panels, laminated glass panels, or panels that are a combination of the insulated glass panels and the laminated glass panels, the glass panels having a conductive coating disposed thereon; a frame, a cover, a chase, or a mounting member disposed on a periphery of each of the glass panels; and at least one electronic controller in electrical communication with the conductive coating, the electronic controller being disposed within each frame, cover, chase, or mounting member. 13. The assembly of heated glass panels of claim 12, further comprising at least one triac disposed within each frame, cover, chase, or mounting member, the triac being in thermal contact with a thermally conductive area of each frame, cover, chase, or mounting member and in electrical communication with the controller. 14. The assembly of heated glass panels of claim 13, wherein the thermally conductive area of each frame, cover, chase, or mounting member comprises a thermally conductive metal. 15. The assembly of heated glass panels of claim 12, further comprising wiring disposed within each frame, cover, chase, or mounting member, the wiring being utilized to at least electrically connect the triac to the controller, to electrically connect electrical power to the panels, and to electrically connect the panels together. 16. A method, comprising: providing an insulated glass panel, a laminated glass panel, or a glass panel comprising a combination of an insulated glass panel and a laminated glass panel, the glass panel having a conductive coating disposed thereon; disposing a frame, a cover, a chase, or a mounting member on a periphery of the glass panel; and disposing at least one electronic controller within the frame, the cover, the chase, or the mounting member, the electronic controller being in electrical communication with the conductive coating. 17. The method of claim 16, further comprising: disposing at least one triac within the cover, the chase, or the mounting member; thermally conducting heat from the triac to a thermally conductive area of the frame, the cover, the chase, or the mounting member; and electrically communicating between the electronic controller and the triac. 