An electrical monitoring device includes an attachment arrangement adapted to attach the device, non-invasively, to an electrical supply line; a current sensor adapted to sense waveform characteristics relating to current flowing through the supply line; a voltage sensor adapted to sense voltage waveform characteristics of the supply line; and a processor programmed to calculate a power component using the current waveform characteristics and voltage waveform characteristics. The device also includes a wireless transmitter configured to transmit the power component to a monitoring location.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. An electrical monitoring device, comprising: an attachment arrangement adapted to attach the device, non-invasively, to an electrical supply line; a current sensor adapted to sense waveform characteristics relating to current flowing through the supply line; a voltage sensor adapted to sense voltage waveform characteristics of the supply line; a processor programmed to calculate a power component using the current waveform characteristics and voltage waveform characteristics; and a wireless transmitter configured to transmit the power component to a monitoring location. 2. The electrical monitoring device of claim 1, wherein the transmitter comprises a bidirectional transmitter configured to receive a mean absolute voltage measurement and wherein the processor is further programmed to calculate a power value using the power component and the mean absolute voltage measurement. 3. The electrical monitoring device of claim 2, wherein the transmitter is further configured to transmit the power value to a monitoring location. 4. The electrical monitoring device of claim 1, wherein the device is programmed to transmit information periodically. 5. The electrical monitoring device of claim 1, wherein the device is programmed to transmit information upon interrogation. 6. An electrical power monitoring system, comprising: a voltage monitoring arrangement, located proximate a distribution point, configured to measure mean absolute voltage in a supply of power delivered from the distribution point to a load; a current sensing arrangement, positioned proximate the load, configured to measure current waveform characteristics in the supply; a non-invasive voltage monitoring arrangement, positioned proximate the current sensing arrangement, configured to measure voltage waveform characteristics in the supply; a first processor programmed to calculate an un-scaled power component using the current waveform characteristics and voltage waveform characteristics; a transmitter configured to transmit the un-scaled power component to a power monitoring location; and a second processor at the power monitoring location programmed to calculate the power delivered to the load by combining the un-scaled power component with the mean absolute voltage measurement. 7. The electrical power monitoring system of claim 6, wherein the transmitter comprises a wireless transmitter. 8. The electrical power monitoring system of claim 6, wherein the voltage monitoring arrangement and the non-invasive voltage monitoring arrangement are comprised by different devices. 9. An electrical power monitoring system, comprising: a voltage monitoring arrangement, located proximate a distribution point, configured to measure voltage magnitude in a power supply delivered from the distribution point to a load; a current sensing arrangement, positioned proximate the load, configured to measure current magnitude and current waveform in the power supply delivered to the load; a non-invasive voltage monitoring arrangement, positioned proximate the current sensing arrangement, configured to measure voltage waveform in the power supply; a first processor programmed to calculate an un-scaled power component using the current waveform, voltage waveform, and current magnitude measurements; a first transmitter configured to transmit the voltage magnitude measurement to a power monitoring location; and a second processor at the power monitoring location programmed to calculate the power delivered to the load by combining the un-scaled power component with the voltage magnitude measurement. 10. The electrical power monitoring system of claim 9, wherein the power monitoring location comprises the location of the current sensing arrangement. 11. The electrical power monitoring system of claim 10, further comprising a second transmitter configured to transmit the power delivered to the load to a different location. 12. The electrical power monitoring system of claim 11, wherein the second transmitter comprises a wireless transmitter. 13. The electrical power monitoring system of claim 9, wherein the current sensing arrangement and the non-invasive voltage monitoring arrangement are comprised by a single monitoring device. 14. The electrical power monitoring system of claim 13, wherein the monitoring device further comprises a power supply selected from the group consisting of solar power supply, battery, and parasitic power supply. 15. A method of measuring power delivered to a load from a power supply, comprising: sensing voltage magnitude at a first location; sensing current magnitude, current waveform, and voltage waveform at a second location; calculating an un-scaled power component at the first location using the current magnitude, current waveform, and voltage waveform; transmitting either the voltage magnitude, the un-scaled power component, or both via a wireless transmission to a third location; and calculating the power delivered to the load at the third location. 16. The method of measuring power delivered to a load of claim 15, wherein the third location and the first location comprise the same location. 17. The method of measuring power delivered to a load of claim 15, wherein the third location and the second location comprise the same location. 18. The method of measuring power delivered to a load of claim 15, wherein transmitting comprises transmitting based on a predetermined schedule. 19. The method of measuring power delivered to a load of claim 15, wherein transmitting comprises transmitting upon interrogation. 20. The method of measuring power delivered to a load of claim 15, wherein sensing current magnitude, current waveform, and voltage waveform at a second location comprises sensing current magnitude, current waveform, and voltage waveform using a non-invasive sensing device. 