An insulating unitless window sash includes a sash frame made of four linear sash members having their mitered edges joined together. Each of the sash members in cross section includes a peripheral surface, a first and outer side walls and a first groove spaced from a second groove. Each of the grooves has a base and spaced walls. The base of the first groove is spaced a greater distance from the peripheral surface than the base of the second groove. Peripheral and marginal edges of a first sheet are in the first groove and peripheral and marginal edges of a second sheet are in the second groove. A shim is mounted on the sash frame adjacent the outer surface of the first sheet to give a balance configuration. A method of fabricating the insulating unitless sash is also disclosed.
Claims 1-15. (canceled) 16. A method of making an insulating window sash comprising the steps of: providing at least two sash sections, each of the sash sections in cross section includes a first outer surface, a second outer surface spaced from the first outer surface and a peripheral surface connecting the first and second outer surfaces, a first groove and a second groove spaced from the first groove, the first and second grooves between the first and second outer surfaces, each of the grooves having a base and sidewalls with the base of the first groove spaced farther from the peripheral surface than the base of the second groove, a ledge adjacent a sidewall of the first groove and a ledge adjacent the sidewall of the second groove; positioning a first sheet on the ledge adjacent the first groove; positioning a second sheet on the ledge adjacent the second groove, and moving the sash sections and sheets relative to one another to move the peripheral and marginal edges of the sheets into the adjacent one of the grooves. 17. The method of claim 16 further including the step of applying a moisture impervious sealant in each of the grooves, and a moisture pervious adhesive having a desiccant between the grooves. 18. The method of claim 16 wherein the window unit has a parallelepiped shape and each of the sash sections has a general "L" shape. 19. The method of claim 16 wherein the window unit has a parallelepiped shape and the at least two sash sections each include two linear sash members to provide four linear sash members having ends of adjacent sash members facing and spaced from one another prior to the practice of the moving step. 20. The method of claim 19 wherein during the practice of the moving step sealing the ends of adjacent sash members to prevent ingress of moisture into space between the sheets. 21. The method of claim 16 wherein the sheets are selected from the group of glass sheets, clear glass sheets, tinted glass sheets, coated sheets, photocatalytic coated glass sheets, glass sheets having solar control coatings and combinations thereof. 22. The method of claim 16 further comprising the steps of providing a recess in each end of the sash sections and providing a layer of a moisture impervious adhesive in the recess. 23. A method of making an insulating window sash comprising the steps of: providing a plurality of sash members each having a first ledge and a second ledge spaced from the first ledge; arranging the sash members relative to one another to have the first ledge define a first open area having a first predetermined perimeter and the second ledge define a second open area having a second predetermined perimeter greater than the first predetermined perimeter, wherein ends of at least two adjacent sash members have their ends secured together; providing each sash member with a layer of a moisture impervious sealant adhesive on a portion of each of the first and second ledges; positioning marginal edge portions of a first sheet on the first ledge and marginal edge portions of a second sheet on the second ledge, and moving the sash members and the sheets relative to one another to accomplish at least one of the following to secure any unsecured ends of adjacent sash members to one another, to secure the sheets to the sash members, to secure the sheets in spaced relationship to one another, to flow the layer of moisture impervious adhesive on marginal edge portions of its respective sheet and combinations thereof to provide the insulating window sash. 24. The method according to claim 23 wherein each of the sash members has an first outer surface, an opposite second outer surface and a peripheral surface joining the first and second outer surfaces, wherein the height of the second outer surface measured from the peripheral surface to edge of the second outer surface is less than the height of the first outer surface measured from the peripheral surface to edge of the first outer surface and further including the step of; mounting trim on the edge of the second outer surface. 25. The insulating unit according to claim 23 wherein the step of arranging the sash members, comprises the steps of: joining second end of a first sash member to first end of a second sash member, and joining second end of a third sash member to first end of a fourth sash member, and positioning first end of the first sash member adjacent second end of the fourth sash member and second end of the second member adjacent first end of the third sash member. 26. The insulating unit according to claim 25 wherein each of the sash members are linear sash members having their first end opposite their second end, and each of the sash members in cross section comprises a first outer surface, a second outer surface and a peripheral surface, a first groove and a second groove spaced from the first groove, each of the grooves having a base and sidewalls with the base of the first groove spaced farther from the peripheral surface than the base of the second groove, a portion of the first ledge forming one of the sidewalls of the first groove and a portion of the second ledge forming one of the sidewalls of the second groove. 27. The insulating unit according to claim 26 wherein the portion of the layer of the adhesive on the first ledge and on the second ledge is in the first and second grooves, respectively and the step of moving the sash members and the sheets relative to one another comprises the step of moving the ends of the first and fourth sash members, and the ends of the second and third sash members into contact with one another to move peripheral and marginal edges of the sheets into adjacent respective one of the grooves to flow adhesive around the edges of the sheets. 28. The insulating unit according to claim 23 wherein each of the sash members comprises a first outer surface and a second outer surface and a peripheral surface, a first groove and a second groove spaced from the first groove, each of the grooves having a base and sidewalls with the base of the first groove spaced farther from the peripheral surface than the base of the second groove, a portion of the first ledge forming one of the sidewalls of the first groove and a portion of the second ledge forming one of the sidewalls of the second groove, and the sash members further comprising a third groove between and spaced from the first and second grooves and having a base and sidewalls and a portion of a third ledge forming one of the sidewalls of the third groove and further comprising the step of positioning a third sheet on the third ledge. 29. The insulating unit according to claim 28 wherein the base of the third groove is spaced a distance from the peripheral surface less than the distance of the first groove and greater than the distance of the second groove. 30. The insulating unit according to claim 29 wherein the step of moving the sash members and the sheets relative to one another comprises the step of moving the ends of the first and fourth sash members and the ends of the second and third sash members into contact with one another to move peripheral and marginal edges of the sheets into adjacent respective grooves of the sash members to flow adhesive around the edges of the sheets. 31. The method of claim 23 wherein the sheets are selected from the group of glass sheets, tinted sheets, coated sheets, photocatalytic coated glass sheets, glass sheets having solar control coatings and combinations thereof. 32. The method of claim 23 further comprising the step of providing a recess in each end of the sash members and applying a layer of a moisture impervious adhesive in the recess. 33. The method of claim 32 further comprising the step of providing a moisture pervious adhesive having a desiccant between the sheets. 34. A method of making an insulating window sash, comprising the steps of: providing four sash members, two glass sheets and a moisture impervious adhesive, wherein each of the sash members has a first outer surface, an opposite second outer surface and a peripheral surface joining the first and second outer surfaces; assembling the four sash sections, two glass sheets and the moisture impervious adhesive to provide an insulating window sash of the type having ends of adjacent sash sections joined together to provide a sash frame having an internal opening and surface of the sash sections facing the internal opening configured to provide a first ledge adjacent the first outer surface for supporting one of the sheets and a second ledge spaced from the first ledge to support the second sheet, the layer of the moisture impervious adhesive between selected portions of the sheets and portion of the sash member to restrict the movement of moisture from the atmosphere from into space between the glass sheets, and portion of marginal edge of the first sheet as measured from peripheral edge of the first sheet to edge of the first ledge adjacent more of the sash member than the opposite marginal edge portions of the first sheet. 