A method of treating keratinous tissue is disclosed. The treatment utilizes at least one topical composition for application to keratinous tissue, a sachet containing the topical composition and a receptacle with heating system for releasably receiving at least one sachet.
Claims We claim: 1. A method for treating keratinous tissue, said method comprising: a) warming a topical composition contained in a sachet using a receptacle, said receptacle comprising: i) walls defining a cavity for releasably receiving at least one said sachet; ii a heating system associated with one or more of said walls of said cavity; iii a power source operatively associated with said heating system for supplying sufficient energy to said heating system to warm said composition to a target temperature; b) applying said warmed topical composition to said keratinous tissue. 2. The method according to claim 1 wherein said composition comprises at least one active ingredient selected from the group consisting of: desquamation actives; anti-acne actives; anti-wrinkle actives; anti-atrophy actives; anti-oxidants; radical scavengers; chelators; flavonoids; anti-inflammatory agents; anti-cellulite agents; tanning actives; skin lightening agents; antimicrobial and antifungal actives; sunscreen actives; conditioning agents; water-soluble vitamins; particulate materials; sugar amines; vitamin B3 compounds; retinoids; peptides; phytosterols; hexamidines and their derivatives; dialkanoyl hydroxyproline compounds; salicylic acid compounds; n-acyl amino acid compounds; dehydroacetic acid, its isomers, salts, and derivatives thereof; skin firming agents and mixtures thereof. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein said topical composition has a viscosity between 10,000 and 500,000 cps at its target temperature. 4. The method of claim 4 where upon warming the composition, its viscosity stays within 20% of its viscosity prior to warming. 5. The method of claim 4 wherein said composition is solid at ambient temperature. 6. The method according to claim 1 wherein the topical composition comprises a water in oil emulsion. 7. The method of claim 1 wherein the topical composition comprises at least 1% waxy materials. 8. A receptacle for warming a topical composition contained in a sachet, said receptacle comprising: i) walls defining a cavity for releasably receiving at least one said sachet; ii) a heating system associated with one or more of said walls of said cavity, wherein said heating system has the capability of achieving and maintaining a target temperature of the topical composition; and iii) a power source operatively associated with said heating system for supplying energy to said heating system. 9. The receptacle according to claim 8 wherein said heating system is controlled by a monitor. 10. The receptacle according to claim 9 wherein said receptacle further comprises an indicator, said indicator being operatively associated with said monitor, to produce a signal at said target temperature. 11. The receptacle according to claim 8 said receptacle further comprising a temperature sensor operatively associated with an indicator, said indicator producing a signal at said target temperature wherein said signal is selected from the group consisting of visual, audio and tactile signals and combinations thereof. 12. The receptacle according to claim 8 wherein said heating system is activated by insertion of said sachet into said cavity. 13. The receptacle according to claim 8 wherein said heating system is activated by a manual switch. 14. The receptacle of claim 8 wherein said heating system warms said topical composition to its target temperature in about 30 seconds to about 5 minutes. 15. The receptacle of claim 8 wherein said heating system maintains said target temperature of said composition for predetermined period. 16. The receptacle according to claim 8 wherein said heating system comprises: a) a heating element associated with said cavity wall adjacent to said power source; b) a heat sink operatively associated with said heating element; c) a temperature sensor in communication with said heat sink; and d) a monitor in communication with said temperature sensor, said monitor capable of interrupting the delivery of energy from said power source to said heating element at a predetermined period. 17. The receptacle of claim 8 wherein said power source is supplied by AC/DC house current, battery, solar power, combustible gases, chemical reaction, and any combinations thereof. 18. The receptacle of claim 8 further comprising a timer. 19. The receptacle of claim 8 said receptacle comprising an element selected from the group consisting of sensors, switches and combinations thereof located in said walls of said cavity, said elements being capable of communication with one or more protrusions or contacts points on a surface of said sachet. 20. A kit for treatment of keratinous tissue, said kit comprising: a) at least one topical composition said composition comprising at least one active ingredient; a) at least one sachet comprising surfaces defining at least one chamber for containing said composition; and b) a receptacle for releasably receiving said at least one sachet, said receptacle comprising: i) walls, said walls defining a cavity for releasably receiving said sachet; ii) a heating system associated with one or more of said walls; wherein said heating system has the capability of achieving and maintaining a target temperature of the topical composition; and iii) a power source operatively associated with said heating system. 21. The kit of claim 20 wherein said sachet contains a unit dose of said topical composition. 22. The kit of claim 20 wherein said sachet contains from about 0.5 ml to about 5 ml of said topical composition. 23. The kit of claim 20 wherein said sachet contains a unit dose of said topical composition. 24. The kit of claim 20 wherein said sachet contains from about 0.5 ml to about 5 ml of said topical composition. 25. The kit of claim 20 wherein said heating system comprises a heating element associated with said cavity wall and a heat sink operatively associated with said heating element, and wherein said sachet when inserted into said receptacle deforms around said heat sink. 26. A skin care regimen comprising: a) selecting a sachet from a sachet assortment, said sachet comprising at least one chamber containing a skin care composition; b) inserting said sachet into a receptacle for releasably receiving said sachet, said receptacle comprising: i) walls, said walls defining a cavity for releasably receiving said sachet; ii) a heating system associated with one or more of said walls; and iii) a power source operatively associated with said heating system; c) activating said heating system, thereby warming the composition contained in said sachet; d) opening said sachet after warming; e) applying said warmed composition to a user's keratinous tissue at least one time per day. 