A self-powered safety module includes a pair of end lights and a ring of circumferential lights which are selectively energized by a pushbutton switch. The module includes a housing and an inner electronic module. The inner module includes an LED display for displaying time and temperature as well as a transceiver such as a cell phone and GPS unit which are activated by a switch for an emergency mode. The switch permits selection of one of a warning mode and an alert mode, or an SOS mode.
Claims 1. A safety module comprising: a housing having a transparent end surface and a transparent side surface, at least one light mounted to an inner module within the housing to be visible through the end surface when energized, at least one second light source mounted to an inner module and being visible through said transparent side surface when energized; a switch operable to selectively actuate said first and second lights; and a power source contained within said housing. 2. The safety module of claim 1 further comprising a control circuit, said control circuit connected to said switch to energize said lights according to one of a plurality of predetermined modes. 3. The safety module of claim 1 comprising a transceiver unit mounted to the inner module, said transceiver unit connected to said control circuit, said transceiver operable to connect to an emergency response person. 4. The safety module of claim 1 wherein said module includes an electronic display and a clock for displaying time on said display. 5. The safety module of claim 2 wherein said plurality of predetermined modes comprise a first mode in which the first and second light sources are both energized, a second mode in which only the at least first light source is energized; and a third mode in which the at least one second source is energized. 6. The safety module of claim 5 wherein the housing has a mounting mechanism. 7. The safety module of claim 6 wherein the mounting mechanism is adapted to mount to an end of a flashlight. 8. The safety module of claim 5 wherein said housing further comprises an opaque portion opposite the transparent side surface to shield the at least one second light source from a user. 9. The safety module of claim 3 wherein the transceiver unit is a cellular phone mounted in said housing. 10. The safety module of claim 1 further comprising a chemical detector mounted in said housing. 11. The safety module of claim 5 further comprising, a solar cell for noncharging the power source. 12. The safety module of claim 1 further comprising, a global positioning system, the global positioning system displaying a position of a user on the electronic display. 13. A safety module adopted for mounting to a flashlight, said module comprising: a housing having a transparent end surface and a transparent side surface, at least one light mounted to an inner module within the housing to be visible through the end surface when energized, at least one second light source mounted to an inner module and being visible through said transparent side surface when energized; a switch operable to selectively actuate said first and second lights; a power source contained within said housing; and a control circuit connected to said switch to energize said lights according to one of a plurality of predetermined modes. 14. The safety module of claim 13 comprising a transceiver unit mounted to the inner module, said transceiver unit connected to said control circuit, said transceiver operable to connect to an emergency response person. 15. The safety module of claim 13 wherein said module includes an electronic display and a clock for displaying time on said display. 16. The safety module of claim 13 wherein said plurality of predetermined modes comprise a first mode in which the first and second light sources are both energized, a second mode in which only the at least first light source is energized; and a third mode in which the at least one second source in energized. 17. A safety module comprising: a housing having a transparent portion at least one light mounted to an inner module within the housing to be visible through the transparent portion when energized; a control circuit operable to activate the at least one light to provide a warning signal; and a transceiver operable to place emergency calls. 18. The safety module of claim 17 wherein the control circuit is connected to a switch to energize said lights according to one of a plurality of predetermined modes. 19. The safety module of claim 17 wherein said module includes an electronic display and a clock for displaying time on said display. 20. The safety module of claim 17 wherein the housing has a mounting mechanism. 