An artificial vision system including a sealed capsule adapted for intraocular placement upstream of a retina, an electronic display located within the sealed capsule and focusing optics located within the sealed capsule and arranged for focusing an image on the electronic display onto the retina.
Claims 1. An artificial vision system comprising: a sealed capsule adapted for intraocular placement upstream of a retina; an electronic display located within said sealed capsule; and focusing optics located within said sealed capsule and arranged for focusing an image on said electronic display onto the retina. 2. An artificial vision system according to claim 1 and wherein said electronic display comprises an LCD display. 3. An artificial vision system according to claim 1 and also comprising electronic circuitry located within said sealed capsule for operating said electronic display, said electronic circuitry being located outside an optical path defined between said electronic display and said focusing optics. 4. An artificial vision system according to claim 3 and wherein said electronic circuitry comprises a wireless data receiver operative to receive image data for display on said electronic display. 5. An artificial vision system according to claim 3 and wherein said electronic circuitry comprises a wireless energy receiver for wirelessly receiving electrical energy for operating said electronic display. 6. An artificial vision system according to claim 4 and also comprising wireless image transmission functionality operative to transmit said image data to said wireless data receiver. 7. An artificial vision system according to claim 6 and wherein said wireless image transmission functionality includes at least one of RF and IR image transmission functionality. 8. An artificial vision system according to claim 3 and wherein said electronic circuitry comprises an electrical power source for providing electrical energy for operating said electronic display. 9. An artificial vision system according to claim 8 and wherein said power source for providing electrical energy for operating said electronic display is a rechargeable power source. 10. An artificial vision system according to claim 8 and wherein said power source for providing electrical energy for operating said electronic display is a wirelessly rechargeable power source. 11. An artificial vision system according to claim 9 and wherein said power source for providing electrical energy for operating said electronic display is rechargeable using at least one of ultrasonic, electromagnetic and photovoltaic power source. 12. An artificial vision system according to claim 1 and also comprising an image acquirer for acquiring an image to be displayed on said electronic display. 13. An artificial vision system according to claim 12 and wherein said image acquirer is mounted onto eyeglasses. 14. An artificial vision system according to claim 1 and wherein said focusing optics comprises a single lens. 15. An artificial vision system according to claim 1 and wherein said focusing optics comprises multiple lenses. 16. A method for providing artificial vision comprising: implanting a sealed capsule in a user's eye upstream of a retina, said sealed capsule incorporating an electronic display and focusing optics for focusing an image on said electronic display onto the retina; acquiring image data; and transmitting said image data to said electronic display for display thereon. 17. A method for providing artificial vision according to claim 16 and wherein said transmitting comprises wireless transmission to electronic circuitry located within said sealed capsule for operating said electronic display. 18. A method for providing artificial vision according to claim 16 and also comprising: wirelessly transmitting electrical energy for operating said electronic display to a location inside said capsule. 19. An intraocular implant, for placement upstream of a retina, comprising: a telescope body defining an optical path for light to pass therethrough; at least one first lens and at least one second lens enclosed in said telescope body; positioning means, for positioning at least one of said lenses along its optical axis relative to another at least one of said lenses, operative to focus objects located at multiple distances onto the retina; and mounting structure connected to said telescope body for mounting said implant in an eye. 20. An intraocular implant according to claim 19 and wherein said positioning means comprises a range finder. 21. An intraocular implant according to claim 19 and wherein said positioning means comprises a focus resolver. 22. An intraocular implant according to claim 19 and wherein said positioning means is responsive to a user input. 23. An intraocular implant according to claim 19 and wherein said positioning means comprises: a mounting for at least one of said lenses; at least one magnet; and at least one electromagnetic coil, interacting with said at least one magnet. 24. An intraocular implant according to claim 19 and wherein said positioning means is responsive to an input from an input device external to said telescope body. 25. An intraocular implant system comprising: a sealed capsule comprising: at least one negative lens; and at least one air bubble; and at least one positive lens located outside said sealed capsule. 26. An intraocular implant system according to claim 25 and wherein said at least one positive lens comprises an eyeglass lens. 27. An intraocular implant system according to claim 25 and wherein said at least one positive lens comprises a contact lens. 28. An intraocular implant system according to claim 25 and wherein said at least one positive lens comprises a lens implanted in the anterior chamber of an eye. 29. An intraocular implant system according to claim 28 and wherein said implanted lens comprises an air capsule. 30. An intraocular implant system according to claim 25 and wherein an external wall of said sealed capsule comprises said at least one negative lens. 