A jack for mounting solar panels and other objects to a roof is disclosed. It has two parts: an elongated substantially planar anchor portion that fits under a roof's shingles, and a mounting curve that supports the solar panel or other equipment. This invention can easily be incorporated into standard roofing practices, since it can be installed before the shingles are installed.
Claims I claim: 1.) A jack for mounting an object to a roof, comprising: an elongated substantially planar anchor portion for fitting under shingles of a roof; and a mounting curve beginning at one end of said elongated substantially planar anchor portion. 2.) The jack according to claim 1, wherein a substantial portion of said mounting curve is substantially parallel to said elongated substantially planar anchor portion. 3.) The jack according to claim 2, wherein said mounting curve is c-shaped. 4.) The jack according to claim 3, additionally comprising a front attachment means, wherein the distance between said front attachment means and said mounting curve is sufficient to allow a shingle to placed over said front attachment means. 5.) The jack according to claim 4, wherein said front attachment means comprises at least one aperture in said jack and at least one fastener. 6.) The jack according to claim 5, wherein said jack is made of metal. 7.) The jack according to claim 6, wherein said jack is made of plastic. 8.) The jack according to claim 4, wherein the distance between said front attachment means and said mounting curve is approximately 7.5 inches. 9.) A kit for mounting a solar panel to a roof, comprising: a jack according to claim 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, or 8; and at least one support rack fastener for fastening a support rack to said mounting curve. 10.) A method for mounting a solar panel to a roof, comprising providing a jack according to claim 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, or 8; attaching said jack to a roof; laying at least one shingle over a substantial portion of said elongated substantially planar anchor portion of said jack; and fastening a rooftop object to the top of said curved mounting portion. 11.) The method of claim 10, further comprising placing roofing felt both under and on top of said jack. 12.) The method according to claim 11, wherein no roof jack attachment holes are drilled into exposed portions of said roof after shingles are installed on the roof. 13.) A roof jack for attaching solar panels or other objects to a roof with shingles, comprising: a jack anchor portion installed under at least one of said shingles; and a springlike jack mounting portion rising above said shingles. 14.) A method of reducing the stress experienced by a roof-mounted object, comprising: providing a springlike roof jack; attaching said springlike roof jack to a roof; and attaching said object to said roof jack, so that said object and said jack can accommodate movement from wind and other conditions. 15.) The method according to claim 14, wherein a substantial portion of said springlike roof jack is attached under shingles attached to said roof. 