The present invention relates to an integrated closed loop system for aquaculture in at least one culturing tank and using continuous bioreactor technology for the biological treatment and removal of organic material, nitrogen and phosphorous, comprising: an integrated, partially or wholly closed loop system for waste water treatment, where the water contains nitrogen containing compounds and/or substances, comprising at least one production unit of such nitrogen containing compounds and/or substances and using continuous bioreactor technology for the biological treatment and removal of organic matter, nitrogen and phosphorous from the said water at continuous flow, comprising: a) at least one suspended carrier bioreactor for bacterial growth under anoxic conditions to cause anaerobic denitrification, with one or several compartments, preceding b) at least one suspended-carrier bioreactor for bacterial growth under oxic conditions to cause aerobic nitrification, c) the denitrification taking place after the production unit, and d) the nitrification taking place prior to the production unit in a by-pass mode as part of the continuous flow.
Claims 1. An integrated, partially or wholly closed loop system for wast water treatment, where the water contains nitrogen containing compounds and/or substances, at least one production unit of such nitrogen containing compounds and/or substances and using continuous bioreactor technology for the biological treatment and removal of organic matter, nitrogen and phosphorous from the said water at continuous flow, comprising: a) at lease one suspended carrier bioreactor for bacterial growth under anoxic conditions to cause anaerobic denitrification, with one or several compartments, preceding b) at least one suspended-carrier bioreactor for bacterial growth under oxic conditions to cause aerobic nitrification, c) the denitrification taking place after the production unit, and d) the nitrification taking place prior to the production unit in a by-pass mode as part of the continuous flow. 2. A closed loop system according to claim 1, wherein part of the continuous flow is allowed to pass both the denitrification and the nitrification in a by-pass mode. 3. A closed loop system according to claim 1, wherein one or more oxygen consumption reactors precede the denitrification reactor, arranged to generate anoxic conditions for denitrification. 4. A closed loop system according to claim 1, wherein one or more particulate removal devices are arranged to generate partially or substantially particulate free water in different parts of the system. 5. A closed loop system according to claim 4, wherein the particulate removal device is selected from the group consisting of screens, swirl separators, sand filters, drum filters, sedimentation tanks, lamella separation filters. 6. A closed loop system according to claim 5, wherein foaming and foam separating devices and skimmers, for removal of foam or surface related compounds, as fats-, carbohydrate- and protein-like substances, and separate organic material from the water, are included. 7. A closed loop system according to claim 3, wherein the organic material separated at the particulate removal system is arranged to be recycled directly to the oxygen consumption reactor, to a fermentation reactor or to the denitrification reactor. 8. A closed loop system according to claim 1, wherein one or more reactors for oxidation of BOD (biological oxidation demand) or organic material in the water are positioned in any favorable position. 9. A closed loop system according to claims 1, wherein a screen, swirl separator, sand filter, drum filter, sedimentation tank or any device for particulate removal separates organic material, by skimming or foaming devices from the water is arranged in any position in the system. 10. A closed loop system according to claim 1, wherein the organic material is arranged to be recycled directly to the oxygen consumption reactor or to the denitrification reactor. 11. A closed loop system according to claim 1, wherein the closed loop system further contains biological phosphate removal bioreactor placed after a denitrification and a nitrification reactor. 12. A closed loop system according to claim 1, wherein the closed loop system further contains at least one biological phosphate removal bioreactor containing activated sludge or suspended carrier system, is applied in any position around previously mentioned reactors, in the continuous purification line or in a by-pass system. 13. A closed loop system according to claim 11, wherein a by-pass system for a removal of phosphorous is arranged to use biological activated sludge or a suspended carrier system in multiples of anaerobic and aerobic compartment systems. 14. A closed loop system according to claim 11, wherein the activated sludge for phosphorous removal is arranged to be recycled via a sedimentation chamber and phosphorous is arranged to be expelled by means of sludge. 15. A closed loop system according to claim 14, wherein the denitrification reactor contains one or more reactors for oxygen consumption, providing anoxic conditions for the denitrification system. 16. A closed loop system according to claim 1, wherein a sedimentation tank for the final polish of water by chemical precipitation of phosphorous is placed between the system and the recipient. 17. A closed loop system according to claim 1, wherein a by-pass system is arranged to make possible the recycling of the water from the last stage of water purification after nitrification or biological phosphate removal, back to the denitrification reactor or up to any bioreactor in the purification process. 18. A closed loop system according to claim 1, wherein the production unit is a production unit for industrial nitrogen containing water, food industry production unit, or culturing vessels for agriculture or aquaculture. 19. A closed loop system according to claim 1, wherein a sterilization unit making use of UV and/or ozone is placed as the very last constituent of the system, separating this from the environment. 20. A closed loop system according to claim 1, wherein sterilization units making use of UV and/or ozone is placed anywhere in the system. 21. A closed loop system according to claim 5, wherein a fermentation reactor is arranged to receive dissolved and particulate organic material from particle removal and foaming devices. 22. A closed loop system according to claim 21, wherein the organic material is arranged to become fermented to fermentation products such as acetic acid or one to four carbon carboxylic acids, aldehyds, ketones, acetone or other compounds as carbon sources for the reactors, such a methanol, ethanol, glycerol, pyruvate. 23. A closed loop system according to claim 8, wherein CO.sub.2 is preserved by introducing oxygen or pressurized air in a closed BOD oxidation reactor prior to the nitrification bioreactor. 24. A closed loop system according to claim 8, wherein the nitrification reactor is supersaturated with CO.sub.2 by omitting air-and CO.sub.2 stripping. 25. A closed loop system according to claim 1, wherein biogas is arranged to be produced in the system by fermentation of waste material of the system. 26. A closed loop system according to claim 1, wherein oxygen is provided to the system by any type of additions, as air, molecular oxygen in gas phase or liquid phase for any of the aerobic reactors. 27. A closed loop system according to claim 1, wherein oxygen is removed from reactors by vacuum, biological respiration or by injecting an inert gas. 28. A closed loop system according to claim 1, wherein the system is built into a water conserving building, where ventilation systems recondensate evaporated water for energy and water conservation for preservation of water and energy in cold, tropical or arid areas. 29. A closed loop system according to claim 1, wherein energy is arranged to be preserved by use of biogas produced in the system or any other biological system in its surroundings based on waste products of the system. 30. A closed loop system according to claim 1, wherein heat is arranged to be added by heat pumps, solar radiation, thermal fissures or by external biogas production. 31. A closed loop system according to claim 1, wherein by-pass systems are arranged around all the specific reactor and separator modules in the system to make possible differential purification processes and maintenance. 32. A closed loop system according to claim 1, wherein artificial intelligence software programs are arranged to for the control loops in the steering system, using linear or dynamic programming models. 33. A closed loop system according to claim 32, wherein the control system is designed for direct operation via the Internet for control and monitoring the production optimization and results, as well as modifying control parameters and turn over rates according to specific culturing conditions in every production plant of the here specified type. 34. A closed system in accordance with claim 1, wherein it is completely or partially closed with partial purification of the water body, and partial water exchange with the surrounding environment. 35. A closed system according to claim 1, for feeding water to plants or algae for consumption of sulphur, nitrogen and phosphorous as wall as mineral salts by said aquatic plants and algae. 36. A closed system according to claim 1, wherein it encompasses polishing of the water using aquatic plants consuming nitrogen and phosphorous prior to the purification steps, whereby the cultivated plants which are used as feed for the species in the aquaculture or food for human use, and/or as an alternative the basins can be placed aquaculture. 37. A closed system according to claim 1, wherein it comprises a plant and/or algal production system being used in a green house or appropriate building in an upper, second level basin, where the depth of the basins is particularly 1 to 10 cm, but may be up to 1 m deep, i.e., the basin will have a weight of 10 to 2000 kg/m.sup.2, for the deeper applications, typically 20-300 kg/m.sup.2. 38. A closed system according to claim 37, wherein it comprises plants or algal growth systems that filter off red and blue sunlight reducing algae growth in underlying aquaculture vessels, filtering off red and blue wavelengths in the range of 420-600 nm and 650-720 nm, particularly absorbing light in the wavelengths of 420-550 and 670-720 nm. 39. A closed system in accordance with claim 37, wherein it comprises plastic films for coverage of the light transfer (transmittance) through the windows of e.g. the greenhouse, filtering off red and blue wavelengths in the range of 420-600 nm and 650-720 nm, particularly absorbing light in the wavelengths of 420-550 and 670-720 nm. 40. A closed system in accordance with claim 1, wherein it comprises an active sludge reactor to maximize production of aerobic activated sludge by aerobic production and consumption of an essential amount of nutrient salts and BOD before feeding water to the remaining reactors. 41. A closed system according to claim 40, wherein the active sludge reactor is arranged to produce a soil improver, whereby the active sludge reactor is placed by means of a by-pass arrangement where the water flow is reduced. 