A high R-rating window assembly storing multiple, reciprocating reflective flexible film layers in a sealed housing between rigid (e.g. glazed) layers. The glazed layers are separated on the order of 3 to 5-inches and are secured to low thermal conductivity framework pieces. The framework is capped with a motorized roller and film housing and the assembly is evacuated and filled with a desiccated, inert dry gas. Several plastic, reflective coated films are supported under tension in planar parallel relation between the glazing layers from the motorized roller and several guide rollers and guide tracks. Location sensors responsive to indicia on the films identify film position. Temperature sensors monitor ambient, internal and user set thermal conditions to control film exposure. The films are operable via a room control system and window controllers to define open, closed and partial exposure conditions. Alternative control functions may control film exposure in relation to room occupancy.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A window comprising: a) a sash framework including first and second longitudinal sash pieces, a transverse bottom sash piece, and a transverse top sash piece, and wherein first and second glazing pieces are mounted to said framework to define an airtight interior primary space; b) a roller assembly supported in said primary space, wherein said roller assembly substantially spans the space between said first and second longitudinal sash pieces; c) a plurality of films secured to said roller assembly and wherein said plurality of films are mounted for reciprocating motion in planar parallel relation to said first and second glazing pieces and to one another to define a plurality of non-convective dead airspaces between adjacent ones of said plurality of films and said first and second glazing pieces. 2. A window as set forth in claim 1 including motorized means for extending and retracting said plurality of films. 3. A window as set forth in claim 2 wherein said roller assembly includes a hollow primary roller and wherein said plurality of films are mounted to said primary roller and a motor is coupled to the interior of said primary roller to extend and retract said plurality of films. 4. A window as set forth in claim 2 including a plurality of guide rollers mounted to said framework to support said plurality of films. 5. A window as set forth in claim 4 wherein each of said plurality of guide rollers is mounted to a filamentary axle. 6. A window as set forth in claim 4 wherein said first and second longitudinal walls include a plurality of channels and wherein said guide rollers train peripheral edges of each of said plurality of films in said channels. 7. A window as set forth in claim 2 including means for monitoring changing environmental conditions external to said enclosed space and wherein said motorized means responsively controls the motion of said plurality of films between retracted and extended conditions. 8. A window as set forth in claim 7 including means for monitoring the motion of said plurality of films and limiting the motion to a plurality of predetermined stop points that define selected exposures. 9. A window as set forth in claim 2 wherein a plurality of rollers abut and support said tubular member. 10. A window as set forth in claim 1 wherein said first and second longitudinal sash pieces include a plurality of channels and wherein peripheral edges of each of said plurality of films are contained in said channels. 11. A window as set forth in claim 10 wherein said bottom sash piece includes a plurality of channels and wherein the bottom peripheral edges of each of said plurality of films are contained in said bottom channels when said plurality of films are in a fully extended condition. 12. A window as set forth in claim 1 including an expansible member mounted to said framework to define a secondary interior space and wherein said expansible member is mounted to flex with pressure changes within the primary space. 13. A window as set forth in claim 1 including means for applying tension to each of said plurality of films. 14. A window as set forth in claim 13 wherein a weighted member is secured to each of said plurality of films. 15. A window as set forth in claim 1 including an immobile film mounted between said first and second glazing pieces. 16. A window as set forth in claim 1 wherein each of said plurality of films is coated with a material to provide a low-emissivity and high solar reflectance. 17. A window as set forth in claim 1 wherein said roller assembly comprises a tubular member having a bore, a motor secured to said framework and contained within said bore, a coupler mounted to said motor and restrained to the interior of said tubular member to induce the rotation of said tubular member. 18. A window as set forth in claim 17 wherein a plurality of rollers compressively abut and support said tubular member. 19. A window as set forth in claim 17 including an end cap secured to said framework at an end of said tubular member opposite to that containing said motor and permitting the rotation and lateral movement of said tubular member. 20. A window as set forth in claim 1 wherein one of said plurality of films is attached to a roller of said roller assembly and each of the others of said films are secured to the attached film. 21. A window as set forth in claim 1 wherein a film attachment piece is secured to a roller of said roller assembly and each of said plurality of films are secured to said attachment piece. 22. A window as set forth in claim 1 wherein a film that secures said plurality of films to a roller of said roller assembly includes a plurality of tabs and intermediate notches and wherein said tabs are secured to said roller. 23. A window as set forth in claim 22 wherein the roller securing film includes a plurality of slits, whereby wrinkling is prevented at said plurality of films. 24. A window as set forth in claim 1 including a bellows mounted within said enclosed space and having a vent tube communicating with an interior space of said bellows to expand and contract with pressure changes within said primary space. 25. A window as set forth in claim 1 including an expansible U-shaped member mounted to bound said primary space and define a secondary space between said top sash piece and said roller assembly and including a vent port communicating with said secondary space and the external environment, whereby said U-shaped member expands and contracts with pressure changes within said primary space. 26. A window as set forth in claim 1 including: a) sensor means for monitoring an internal thermal condition in a building containing said window relative to an external thermal condition outside said building; and b) control means responsive to said sensor means and coupled to said roller assembly for selectively deploying and retracting said plurality of films to predetermined exposure conditions. 27. A window system including a plurality of windows as set forth in claim 1 and further including: a) means for monitoring an internal thermal condition in a building containing said windows relative to an external thermal condition outside said building; and b) control means coupled to the roller assembly of each of said windows for selectively deploying and retracting the plurality of films of each of said plurality of windows to predetermined exposure conditions. 28. A window system as set forth in claim 27 wherein said control means comprises: a) a sensor for monitoring an interior temperature; b) comparator means for comparing said interior temperature relative to predetermined maximum and minimum threshold temperatures; and c) processor means responsive to said comparator means for directing movement of said plurality of films. 29. A window system as set forth in claim 27 including a plurality of thermistors coupled to sense an interior temperature and an external temperature. 30. A window system as set forth in claim 27 including means for defining a plurality of exposure conditions for said plurality of films of each window. 31. A window system as set forth in claim 28 including means for monitoring the occupancy of a space including said plurality of windows and for responsively reverting between user defined thermal thresholds and predetermined thresholds. 32. A window comprising: a) a sash framework including first and second longitudinal sash pieces and first and second transverse sash pieces, wherein said first and second longitudinal sash pieces include a plurality of longitudinal guide channels, wherein first and second glazing pieces are mounted to said framework to define an airtight interior primary space, wherein said interior space is filled with a dessicated inert gas, and wherein said first and second longitudinal sash pieces include a plurality of longitudinal channels; b) a roller assembly supported within said primary space adjacent one of said first and second transverse sash pieces, wherein said roller assembly substantially spans the space between said first and second longitudinal sash pieces; c) a plurality of films secured to said roller assembly and mounted for reciprocating motion in planar parallel relation to said first and second glazing pieces and one another to define a plurality of non-convective dead airspaces between adjacent ones of said plurality of films and said first and second glazing pieces; d) a plurality of guide rollers supporting each of said plurality of films and wherein said guide rollers train peripheral edges of each of said plurality of films in said guide channels at said framework; and e) motorized means for extending and retracting said plurality of films. 33. A window as set forth in claim 32 including an expansible membrane mounted within said framework and defining a secondary space, wherein said secondary space is vented to the external environment and wherein said expansible member expands and contracts with pressure changes within said primary space. 34. A window as set forth in claim 32 wherein an attachment film secures said plurality of films to a roller of said roller assembly and wherein said attachment piece includes a plurality of tabs and intermediate notches and wherein said tabs are secured to said roller. 35. A window comprising: a) a sash framework including first and second longitudinal sash pieces, a transverse bottom sash piece, and a transverse top sash piece, and wherein first and second glazing pieces are mounted to said framework to define an airtight interior primary space; b) a roller assembly supported in said framework, wherein a tubular roller of said roller assembly substantially spans the space between said first and second longitudinal sash pieces; c) a plurality of films secured to said roller assembly, wherein each of said plurality of films is coated with a material to provide a low-emissivity and high solar reflectance and wherein said plurality of films are mounted for reciprocating motion in planar parallel relation to said first and second glazing pieces and to one another to define a plurality of non-convective dead airspaces between adjacent ones of said plurality of films and said first and second glazing pieces; d) motorized means for extending and retracting said plurality of films; and e) means for retaining said plurality of films without wrinkling in planar parallel relation to one another and to said first and second glazing pieces. 36. A window as set forth in claim 35 including means for monitoring changing thermal conditions within a building space containing said window and external to said building space and wherein said motorized means responsively controls the motion of said plurality of films between retracted and extended conditions to maintain internal thermal conditions between defined minimum and maximum thermal parameters. 37. A window as set forth in claim 35 including means for monitoring the motion of said plurality of films. 38. A window as set forth in claim 35 including a plurality of rollers mounted to abut and support said tubular roller. 39. A window as set forth in claim 35 including a plurality of guide rollers mounted to said framework to support each of said plurality of films. 40. A window as set forth in claim 35 including an expansible member mounted to said framework to define an interior secondary space and wherein said expansible member expands and contracts with pressure changes within the interior primary space. 41. A window as set forth in claim 35 including: a) sensor means for monitoring an internal thermal condition in a building containing said window relative to an external thermal condition outside said building; and b) control means responsive to said sensor means and coupled to said motorized means for selectively deploying and retracting said plurality of films to predetermined exposure conditions. 42. A window as set forth in claim 35 including means for applying tension to each of said plurality of films. 43. A window assembly comprising: a) a sash framework including first and second longitudinal sash pieces first and second transverse sash pieces, and wherein first and second glazing pieces are mounted to said framework to define an airtight interior primary space; b) an expansible membrane mounted to said framework to define a secondary interior space coupled to the external environment and mounted to flex with pressure changes within the interior primary space c) a roller assembly supported in said framework, wherein said roller assembly substantially spans the space between said first and second lateral sash pieces; d) a plurality of films secured to said roller assembly, wherein each of said plurality of films is coated with a material to provide a low-emissivity and high solar reflectance and wherein said plurality of films are mounted for reciprocating motion in planar parallel relation to said first and second glazing pieces and to one another to define a plurality of non-convective dead airspaces between adjacent ones of said plurality of films and said first and second glazing pieces; e) means for applying tension to each of said plurality of films; f) motorized means for extending and retracting said plurality of films; and g) means for retaining said plurality of films without wrinkling in planar parallel relation to one another and to said first and second glazing pieces. 44. A window as set forth in claim 43 wherein said roller assembly comprises a tubular member having a bore, a motor secured to said framework and contained within said bore, a coupler mounted to said motor and restrained to the interior of said tubular member to induce the rotation of said tubular member. 45. A window as set forth in claim 43 wherein a plurality of rollers abut and support said tubular member. 