Systems and methods for opportunistically charging a rechargeable power source of a portable electronic unit are provided. The system includes a primary inductance assembly energized by a main power source for inducing an electro-magnetic flux in a secondary coil assembly associated with a power source of the portable unit. Such electro-magnetic flux creates an electric current that is subsequently employed for charging the power source of the portable unit. A controller of the charging system can monitor state of charge, and notify a user when a recharge is required. Scavenging modes may also be employed for recharging the main power source and the rechargeable source of the portable unit.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A portable computing device, comprising: a component that receives an electromagnetic flux generated from an external source; and a charging component that generates a charging current from the flux, and charges a rechargeable power supply. 2. The portable computing device of claim 1 further comprising a bar code scanner. 3. The portable computing device of claim 1 further comprising an artificial intelligence (AI) component that infers and/or determines when the power supply should be recharged. 4. The portable computing device of claim 3 further comprising a notification component that notifies a user of the device that the device should be exposed to the external flux source. 5. The portable computing device of claim 1 further comprising: a controller that monitors a state of charge of the rechargeable power source. 6. The portable computing device of claim 1, the rechargeable power source being at least one of a fuel cell, a capacitor, a super capacitor, and a rechargeable battery cell. 7. The portable computing device of claim 6, the controller determines a charging time for the portable unit and allocates a charge time thereto. 8. The portable computing device of claim 1, further comprising: a notification component that alerts a user of power status of the rechargeable power supply. 9. A method of charging a portable unit comprising: providing at least one primary induction assembly with a primary winding configured to create a magnetic flux; providing a second pick up induction assembly coupled to a rechargeable power supply of a portable unit; the magnetic flux extendable in to the second pick up induction assembly; and opportunistically recharging the power supply via a current created in the second induction assembly from the magnetic flux. 10. The method of claim 9, further comprising: opportunistically recharging the power supply without deactivating the portable unit. 11. The method of claim 9, further comprising: immediately recharging the power supply, when the magnetic flux extends in to the second pick up assembly. 12. The method of claim 9, further comprising: providing a controller to control at least one of the primary induction and the secondary induction assembly. 13. The method of claim 12, further comprising: triggering an event to energize the primary winding. 14. The method of claim 13, the triggering further comprising: varying a light feature. 15. The method of claim 13, the triggering further comprising: moving a user's body part in a predetermined manner. 16. The method of claim 9, further comprising: charging the rechargeable power supply via a scavenging method employing at least one of a user's body heat, user's foot pressure, and solar energy. 17. The method of claim 9, further comprising: aligning the second induction assembly in close spatial proximity to the first induction assembly. 18. The method of claim 9 further comprising: carrying the first induction assembly by a member of a group; and approaching the member when an opportunistic recharge is required for portable units of other members. 19. A charging system for a portable unit comprising: a primary induction assembly with a primary coil coupled to a primary power source; and a secondary induction assembly with a secondary coil coupled to a rechargeable power source of the portable unit; the magnetic flux of the first primary induction assembly extendable to the secondary induction assembly so as to provide the rechargeable power source a charging current that is inductively created via the magnetic flux during an opportunistic charging of the portable unit. 20. The charging system of claim 19 further comprising: a controller in wireless communication with the portable unit for monitoring a state of charge of the rechargeable power source. 21. The charging system of claim 20, the controller comprising a sensor. 22. The charging system of claim 21, the sensor is at least one of a motion and a light sensor. 23. The charger system of claim 19, the rechargeable power source is at least one of a fuel cell, a capacitor, a super capacitor, and a rechargeable battery cell. 24. The charger system of claim 20, the controller determines a charging time for the portable unit and allocates a charge time thereto. 25. The charger system of claim 19, at least one of the portable unit and the charger system is wearable around a user's body. 26. The charger system of claim 20, further comprising: a notifying system that alerts a user of a power status of the rechargeable power supply. 27. The charger system of claim 20, the primary induction assembly is part of a flat pad. 28. The charger system of claim 25, further comprising: a thermo-coupler connected to a user's body for additionally recharging at least one of the primary power source and the rechargeable power source. 29. A charger system for charging a portable unit comprising: means for creating a magnetic flux; and means for receiving a magnetic flux, the receiving means operatively connected to a rechargeable power source of the portable unit so as to create an electric current during an opportunistic charge of the portable unit. 