A traffic informational system provides information to traffic moving along a road and may include a plurality of traffic information devices mountable to the road, each having an integral power producing source, at least a first set of illumination sources, and a wireless communications subsystem. The traffic informational system may further include at least a first external control device comprising at least one antenna and a transmitter communication wirelessly with the traffic information devices and/or with one another. The traffic information device may communicate with one another, and may include sensor for sensing ambient conditions. The system employs various approaches to reducing power consumption and improving communications, and is suitable for a wide range of applications, including use in remote environments.
Claims 1. A traffic visual indicator device for mounting to a surface of a road that carries traffic in at least a first direction, the traffic visual indicator device comprising: a housing comprising a base and at least a first face extending generally upward from the base; a non-photovoltaic power producing source carried by the housing and operable to produce electrical power from energy derived from a source of energy externally located with respect to the traffic visual indicator device; a first illumination source carried by the housing and positioned to transmit light out from the first face of the housing toward the traffic in a second direction generally opposed to the first direction when the traffic visual indicator device is mounted to the surface of the road; a circuit carried by the housing, electrically coupling the power producing source and the first illumination source, the circuit operable to selectively supply power from the power producing source to the first illumination source; and a wireless communications subsystem carried by the housing and operable to at least receive wireless communications from an external source remotely spaced from the housing. 2. (canceled) 3. The traffic visual indicator device of claim 1 wherein the non-photovoltaic power producing source comprises at least one radio frequency transducer operable to convert electromagnetic signals to an electrical current. 4. The traffic visual indicator device of claim 1 wherein the non-photovoltaic power producing source comprises at least one pressure transducer operable to convert pressure into an electrical current. 5. The traffic visual indicator device of claim 1 wherein the circuit comprises a power conversion circuitry including at least one switch and at least one of a capacitor or an inductor, the power conversion circuitry operable to change a voltage of power produced by the power producing source. 6. The traffic visual indicator device of claim 1, further comprising: at least a first rechargeable power storage device carried by the housing and electrically coupled to selectively receive power produced by the power producing source and provide power to the first illumination source. 7. The traffic visual indicator device of claim 6, further comprising: at least a first non-rechargeable power storage device carried by the housing and electrically coupled to selectively provide power to the first illumination source. 8. The traffic visual indicator device of claim 6 wherein the circuit comprises at least one unidirectional current flow device electrically coupled between the power producing source and the rechargeable power storage device to allow power produced by the power producing source to flow to the power storage device, and to preclude power flow from the power storage device to the power producing source. 9. (canceled) 10. The traffic visual indicator device of claim 1 wherein the first illumination source comprises at least a first filter transmissive of light of a first color and at least a second filter transmissive of light of a second color. 11. The traffic visual indicator device of claim 1 wherein the first illumination source is operable to produce at least a first number of colors of light from a second number of light sources, where the first number is greater than the second number. 12-14. (canceled) 15. The traffic visual indicator device of claim 1 wherein the wireless communications subsystem comprises an optical receiver. 16. The traffic visual indicator device of claim 1 wherein the wireless communications subsystem employs a unique identifier stored at the traffic visual indicator device, whereby the traffic visual indicator device may be individually addressed in wireless communications. 17-20. (canceled) 21. The traffic visual indicator device of claim 1, further comprising: at least one of a camera; a video camera; or a precipitation sensor. 22-25. (canceled) 26. A method of providing information to traffic moving along a road in at least a first direction, the method comprising: producing power from a respective integral non-photovoltaic power producing source at each of a number of traffic visual indicator devices mounted to a surface of a road that carries traffic; wirelessly receiving information by at least a first one of the traffic visual indicator devices, the wirelessly received information from an external device remotely located with respect to at least the first one of the number of traffic visual indicator devices; and transmitting light from at least one of the number of traffic visual indicator devices toward the traffic, in a direction generally opposed to the first direction based at least in part on the wirelessly received information. 27. (canceled) 28. The method of claim 26 wherein producing power from a respective integral non-photovoltaic power producing source at each of a number of traffic visual indicator devices comprises converting radio frequency transmissions into an electrical current. 29. The method of claim 26 wherein producing power from a respective integral non-photovoltaic power producing source at end of a number of traffic visual indicator devices comprises converting pressure on the traffic visual indicator device into an electric current. 30-31. (canceled) 32. The method of claim 26 wherein wirelessly receiving information by at least a first one of the traffic visual indicator devices comprises receiving an optical signal transmitted by the external device at an optical sensor of at least the first one of the traffic visual indicator devices. 33. The method of claim 26, further comprising: changing a voltage of the power produced from the respective integral power producing source of the traffic visual indicator device; and selectively supplying the power with the changed voltage to an integral illumination source of each of the number of traffic visual indicator devices, respectively. 34. The method of claim 26, further comprising: storing the produced power in a rechargeable power storage device of at least one of the number of traffic visual indicator devices; and selectively supplying the stored power to an integral illumination source of the at least one of the number of traffic visual indicator devices from the rechargeable power storage device. 35-42. (canceled) 43. A traffic informational system for providing information to traffic moving along a road in at least a first direction, the traffic informational system comprising: a plurality of traffic information devices mountable to the road, each of the traffic information devices, comprising: a housing comprising a base; a non-photovoltaic power producing source carried by the housing, the power producing source operable to produce power; a first illumination source carried by the housing, the first illumination source operable to transmit light out of the housing generally toward on-coming traffic when the traffic visual indicator device is mounted to the road; a circuit carried by the housing, the circuit operable to selectively supply power from the non-photovoltaic power producing source to at least the first illumination source; and a wireless communications subsystem carried by the housing and operable to at least receive wireless communications externally from the housing. 44-46. (canceled) 47. The traffic informational system of claim 43, further comprising: a plurality of external control devices, each of the external control devices comprising a transmitter and an antenna, where at least a first one of the external control devices further comprises a receiver, and at least the first one of the external control devices acts as a repeater to relay wireless communications received from at least another one of the external control devices to at least one of the plurality of traffic information devices. 48. The traffic informational system of claim 43, further comprising: a plurality of external control devices, each of the external control devices comprising a transmitter, a receiver and an antenna, and at least some of the external control devices act as repeaters to relay wireless communications received from one to another of the external control devices. 49. The traffic informational system of claim 43 wherein the wireless communications subsystem of at least a first one of the wireless communications devices comprises a receiver and a transmitter, and at least the first one of the traffic visual indicator device acts as a repeater to relay received wireless communications to at least another one of the traffic visual indicator devices. 50. The traffic informational system of claim 43 wherein the wireless communications subsystem of at least a plurality of the wireless communications devices comprises a receiver and a transmitter, and the traffic visual indicator device acts as repeaters to relay received wireless communications from one to another of the traffic visual indicator devices. 