Disclosed herein are rigid solar powered photovoltaic (PV) integrated roofing membrane and related methods of manufacturing such a membrane. The disclosed membrane and methods beneficially provide solar power to structures in either off-grid or on-grid connections. The roofing membrane may comprise multiple membrane strips or members having electrically interconnected photovoltaic solar elements. The membrane members preferably have distinct patterns for the solar elements located thereon that provide for coverage of entire sections, upon installation, as well as accommodate interconnections between the solar elements. Moreover, the membrane will appreciate the numerous types of patterns to achieve such purposed of full coverage and electrical coupling.
Claims What is claimed is: 1. A rigid roofing membrane, comprising: a first member having a first main body and one or more extending portions coupled to and extending therefrom; a second member having a second main body; and a plurality of electrically interconnected photovoltaic solar elements periodically dispersed on a top surface of the first and second main bodies and on the extending portions, the extending portions mounted on void areas of a top surface of the second member free of photovoltaic solar elements, and wherein the roofing membrane has an overall rigid disposition. 2. A rigid roofing membrane according to claim 1, further comprising: at least one underside electrical interconnect electrically coupled to and extending from an underside of one of the photovoltaic solar elements dispersed on the one or more extending portions; and at least one topside electrical interconnect extending from the void areas of the second main body free of photovoltaic solar elements, the at least one topside electrical interconnect electrically coupled to at least one of the photovoltaic solar elements dispersed on the second main body, each of the extending portions of the first member coupled to and overlapping corresponding void areas on the second main body such that each of the at least one underside interconnects is electrically coupled to corresponding ones of the at least one topside electrical interconnects. 3. A rigid roofing membrane according to claim 1, wherein the first and second members are rigid first and second members, the first and second rigid members providing the overall rigid disposition of the roofing membrane. 4. A rigid roofing membrane according to claim 1, wherein the plurality of electrically interconnected photovoltaic solar elements comprises a plurality of rigid photovoltaic solar elements. 5. A rigid roofing membrane according to claim 1, further comprising an underlayment layer coupled to an underside of the first and second members across the roofing membrane. 6. A rigid roofing membrane according to claim 5, wherein the underlayment layer comprises a self-adhesive underlayment having a bottom surface capable of adhering to a roofing structure. 7. A rigid roofing membrane according to claim 6, wherein the underlayment layer comprises a bituminous material. 8. A rigid roofing membrane according to claim 5, wherein the underlayment layer is a rigid underlayment layer. 9. A rigid roofing membrane according to claim 1, further comprising a translucent laminate layer formed over the top surface of the first and second members, the plurality of electrically interconnected photovoltaic solar elements dispersed under the laminate layer. 10. A rigid roofing membrane according to claim 9, wherein the plurality of photovoltaic solar elements dispersed on the top surface of the first and second main bodies and on the extending portions are electrically interconnected using conductive traces formed under the laminate layer. 11. A rigid roofing membrane according to claim 9, wherein the laminate layer is a rigid laminate layer. 12. A rigid roofing membrane according to claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic solar elements comprise photoelectric silica spheres formed on an electrically conductive base. 13. A rigid roofing membrane according to claim 1, further comprising selvage edges located along perimeter edges of the first and second members. 14. A rigid roofing membrane according to claim 1, wherein an outer surface of the photovoltaic solar elements comprise at least one color corresponding to a color of ordinary shingles to be located proximate the roofing membrane. 15. A rigid roofing membrane according to claim 1, further comprising an electrical connection from a first photovoltaic solar element located proximate a first end of the roofing membrane, and from a second photovoltaic solar element located proximate a second end of the roofing membrane distal the first end, to an electrical system of a building having the roofing membrane. 16. A rigid roofing membrane according to claim 1, wherein the one or more extending portions comprise a plurality of extending portions comprising a dragons tooth pattern coupled to and extending from the first main body. 17. A rigid roofing membrane according to claim 1, further comprising a plurality of first members, each comprising at least one topside electrical interconnect extending from void areas of the first main bodies free of photovoltaic solar elements, the at least one topside electrical interconnect electrically coupled to at least one of the photovoltaic solar elements dispersed on the first main bodies, each of the extending portions of at least one of the first members coupled to and overlapping the void areas of the first main bodies of another of the plurality of first members wherein each of the at least one underside interconnects is electrically coupled to corresponding ones of the at least one topside electrical interconnects on the another first member. 18. A rigid roofing membrane according to claim 1, further comprising first and second rigid mounting substrates substantially coextensive with and mounted to the first and second members, respectively, the first and second rigid mounting substrates providing the overall rigid disposition of the roofing membrane. 19. A rigid roofing membrane according to claim 1, further comprising a single rigid mounting substrate substantially coextensive with the overall roofing membrane, the single rigid substrate providing the overall rigid disposition of the roofing membrane. 20. A rigid roofing membrane according to claim 19, wherein the first and second members comprise a material having adhesive properties, the material adhering the first and second members to the single rigid mounting substrate. 21. A method of manufacturing a rigid roofing membrane, the method comprising: forming a first member having a first main body and one or more extending portions coupled to and extending therefrom; forming a second member having a second main body; dispersing a plurality of electrically interconnected photovoltaic solar elements on a top surface of the first and second main bodies and on the extending portions; and overlapping each of the extending portions of the first member over corresponding void areas on the second main body free of photovoltaic solar elements, and wherein the roofing membrane has an overall rigid disposition. 22. A method according to claim 21, further comprising: electrically coupling at least one underside electrical interconnect to and extending from an underside of one of the photovoltaic solar elements dispersed on the one or more extending portions; electrically coupling at least one topside electrical interconnect to at least one of the photovoltaic solar elements dispersed on the second main body, the at least one topside electrical interconnect extending from void areas of the second main body free of photovoltaic solar elements; and wherein the overlapping further comprising overlapping such that each of the at least one underside interconnects is electrically coupled to corresponding ones of the at least one topside electrical interconnects. 23. A method according to claim 21, wherein forming first and second members comprises forming first and second rigid members. 24. A method according to claim 21, wherein forming the plurality of electrically interconnected photovoltaic solar elements comprises forming a plurality of rigid photovoltaic solar elements. 25. A method according to claim 21, further comprising coupling an underlayment layer to an underside of the first and second members across the roofing membrane. 26. A method according to claim 25, wherein the underlayment layer comprises a self-adhesive underlayment having a bottom surface capable adhering to a roofing structure. 27. A method according to claim 26, further comprising coupling an underlayment layer comprising a bituminous material. 28. A method according to claim 21, wherein coupling an underlayment layer further comprises coupling a rigid underlayment layer. 29. A method according to claim 21, further comprising forming a translucent laminate layer over the top surface of the first and second members, the plurality of electrically interconnected photovoltaic solar elements dispersed under the laminate layer. 30. A method according to claim 29, further comprising electrically interconnecting the plurality of photovoltaic solar elements dispersed on the top surface of the first and second main bodies and on the extending portions using conductive traces formed under the laminate layer. 31. A method according to claim 29, wherein forming a laminate layer comprises forming a rigid laminate layer. 32. A method according to claim 21, wherein the dispersing comprises dispersing a plurality of electrically interconnected photovoltaic solar elements comprising photoelectric silica spheres formed on an electrically conductive base. 33. A method according to claim 21, further comprising forming selvage edges along perimeter edges of the first and second members. 34. A method according to claim 21, wherein the dispersing comprises dispersing a plurality of electrically interconnected photovoltaic solar elements each having an outer surface comprising at least one color corresponding to a color of ordinary shingles to be located proximate the roofing membrane. 35. A method according to claim 21, further comprising providing an electrical connection from a first photovoltaic solar element located proximate a first end of the roofing membrane, and from a second photovoltaic solar element located proximate a second end of the roofing membrane distal the first end, to an electrical system of a building having the roofing membrane. 36. A method according to claim 21, wherein the one or more extending portions comprise a plurality of extending portions comprising a dragons tooth pattern coupled to and extending from the first main body. 37. A method according to claim 21, further comprising forming a plurality of first members, each comprising at least one topside electrical interconnect extending from void areas of the first main bodies free of photovoltaic solar elements, the at least one topside electrical interconnect electrically coupled to at least one of the photovoltaic solar elements dispersed on the first main bodies, each of the extending portions of at least one of the first members coupled to and overlapping the void areas of the first main bodies of another of the plurality of first members wherein each of the at least one underside interconnects is electrically coupled to corresponding ones of the at least one topside electrical interconnects on the another first member. 38. A method according to claim 21, further comprising mounting first and second rigid mounting substrates to the first and second members, respectively, the first and second rigid mounting substrates providing the overall rigid disposition of the roofing membrane. 39. A method according to claim 21, further comprising mounting a single rigid mounting substrate to the roofing membrane, the single rigid mounting substrate substantially coextensive with the overall roofing membrane and providing the overall rigid disposition of the roofing membrane. 40. A method according to claim 39, wherein the first and second members comprise a material having adhesive properties, the method further comprising adhering the first and second members to the single rigid mounting substrate with the material. 