A solar powered, climate controlled portable restroom.
Claims 1. A method of providing a solar powered climate controlled portable restroom, comprising: providing a portable restroom having a housing with a door for entry therein; providing at least one solar cell attached to the portable restroom and adapted to convert sunlight into electrical energy; providing a vent fan configured to receive power from the at least one solar cell and adapted to draw air from inside the portable restroom and eject the air outside of the portable restroom; monitoring the temperature of the inside of the portable restroom and automatically activating the vent fan when a predetermined temperature is detected; monitoring air in the portable restroom and automatically activating the vent fan when a predetermined level of particulate is detected; and monitoring the occupancy of the portable restroom and releasing deodorant therein after the portable restroom is vacated for a predetermined period of time. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising the step of monitoring the occupancy of the portable restroom and illuminating the inside of the restroom while occupied. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the step of providing a vent fan further comprises providing a frame for supporting the at least one solar cell in a configuration that causes air driven by the vent fan to move along an opposite major surface of a portion of the frame that supports the at least one solar cell to provide cooling to the portion of the frame and the at least one solar cell. 4. The method of claim 3, wherein the step of providing the frame fan further comprises providing a frame which directs air driven outside of the portable restroom by the vent fan in a direction generally parallel to the at least one solar cell to reduce particulate deposited on the at least one solar cell by vented air. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein the step of monitoring the air in the portable restroom includes providing an air particulate sensor in communication with a controller, the controller being adapted to activate the vent fan. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein the step of monitoring the temperature in the portable restroom includes providing a temperature sensor in communication with a controller, the controller being adapted to activate the vent fan. 7. The method of claim 1, further comprising providing illumination in the portable restroom when a door latch, located on the portable restroom, is positioned to secure the door in a locked and closed position. 8. The method of claim 4, wherein the step of monitoring occupancy further comprises driving air containing deodorant into the portable restroom. 9. The method of claim 4, wherein the step of monitoring occupancy further comprises driving air containing a desired smell into the portable restroom. 10. The method of claim 1, further comprising selectively activating illumination within the portable restroom via a selectable control. 11. The method of claim 1, further comprising providing a battery configured to store energy to power the portable restroom during periods when sunlight is available to the at least one solar cell. 12. The method of claim 11, further comprising illuminating an interior of the portable restroom whenever the at least one solar cell is not generating energy. 13. The method of claim 11, further comprising a backup energy storage device for storing excess energy produced by the at least one solar cell. 14. A method of providing a solar powered climate controlled portable restroom, comprising: providing a portable restroom having a housing with a door for entry therein; providing at least one solar cell attached to the portable restroom and adapted to convert sunlight into electrical energy; providing a vent fan configured to receive power from the at least one solar cell and adapted to draw air from inside the portable restroom and eject the air outside of the portable restroom; providing a frame that located on the portable restroom for supporting the at least one solar cell in a configuration that causes air driven by the vent fan to move along a portion of the frame that supports the at least one solar cell to provide cooling to the at least one solar cell, the frame being configured to direct air driven outside of the portable restroom by the vent fan in a direction generally parallel to the at least one solar cell to reduce particulate deposited on the at least one solar cell by vented air. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein the step or providing the frame further comprising the frame being configured to vent air driven by the vent fan laterally out in directions, generally parallel a plane defined by the at least one solar cell and to vent air between the outer housing of the portable restroom and the at least one solar cell so that particulate in the air ejected from the portable restroom tends to fall away from the at least one solar cell without passing over the at least one solar cell. 16. The method of claim 15, further comprising the step of using energy from the at least one solar cell to illuminate an inside of the portable restroom. 17. A solar powered, climate controlled portable restroom, comprising: a housing having a door for entry therein, the housing containing at least some bathroom facility; at least one solar cell electrically connected to the portable restroom; a frame positioned along the housing and configured to support the at least one solar cell on an outside of the housing in a spaced apart relation therefrom; a vent fan positioned in the housing and powered by the at least one solar cell is configured to drive air out of the housing between the housing and the at least one solar cell so that particulate in the ejected air will tend to fall away from the at least one solar cell. 18. The portable restroom of claim 17, wherein the at least one solar cell is generally parallel to the portion of the housing proximate to its perimeter, a mesh material being located between the at least one solar cell and the housing and extending around the perimeter of the at least one solar cell. 19. The portable restroom of claim 18, further comprising: a backup energy storage device in electrical communication with the at least one solar cell and the vent fan; a temperature sensor in electrical communication with the vent fan and adapted to monitor the temperature inside of the housing; a particulate sensor in electrical communication with the vent fan and adapted to monitor the air inside of the housing; and a timer mechanism in electrical communication with the vent fan. 20. The portable restroom of claim 19, further comprising a second vent located through the housing, the second vent guiding air into the housing and over a deodorant while the vent fan drives air out of the housing. 