A system for providing auxiliary electrical power is provided. The system includes a plurality of loads and a plurality of power sources, each providing electrical power to one or more of the plurality of loads. At least one generator is electrically connected to the plurality of loads. Also, a plurality of power converters, each of the plurality of power converters being electrically connected between the at least one generator and one of the plurality of loads. An arrangement is also provided for increasing the reliability of power to a load through a connection with a parallel utility.
Claims 1. A system for providing electrical power to a facility comprising: a first electrical load; a first transformer secondary electrically connected to said first electrical load; a first power source electrically connected to said first electrical load; a first power converter electrically connected between said first power source and said first electrical load; and, a second transformer secondary electrically connected to said first power converter. 2. The system for providing electrical power of claim 1 further comprising a second load electrically connected to said second transformer secondary. 3. The system for providing electrical power of claim 2 further comprising a second power source electrically connected to said second electrical load. 4. The system for providing electrical power of claim 2 further comprising a second power converter connected between said second electrical load and said first power converter. 5. The system for providing electrical power of claim 4 further comprising a second power source electrically connected to said second power converter. 6. The system for providing electrical power of claim 2 wherein said first power source is a utility. 7. The system for providing electrical power of claim 5 wherein said second power source is a distributed power generation device. 8. The system for providing electrical power of claim 7 wherein said first power source is a utility. 9. The system for providing electrical power of claim 2 wherein said second transformer secondary is electrically connected between said second electrical load and a second power source. 10. The system of claim 5 further comprising: at least three power converters, each power converter being electrically connected to said first power source; at least three electrical loads, each electrical load being electrically connected to one of said at least three power converters opposite said first power source; and, at least three transformer secondaries, each transformer secondary being electrically connected between one of said at least three electrical loads and one of at least three electrical power sources. 11. The system for providing electrical power of claim 5 further comprising an energy storage device electrically connected to said second power converter. 12. The system for providing electrical power of claim 11 further comprising a third energy converter electrically connected between said energy storage device and said second power converter. 13. The system for providing electrical power of claim 12 wherein said energy storage device is selected from a group of flywheels, batteries, fuel cells, capacitors, super-capacitors and ultracapacitors. 14. The system for providing electrical power of claim 7 wherein said distributed power generation device is chosen from the group consisting of hydrocarbon fueled internal combustion engines, hydrogen internal combustion engines, external combustion engines, Stirling engines, microturbines, steam turbines, gas turbines, flywheels, wind turbines, photovoltaic arrays, batteries, fuel cells, capacitors, super-capacitors and ultracapacitors. 15. A system for providing electrical power to a facility comprising: a first electrical load electrically connected to a first electrical bus; a first transformer secondary electrically connected to said first electrical bus; a first power source electrically connected to said first transformer secondary such that the power source may provide power to said first electrical bus; a first power converter electrically connected between said first electrical bus and a second electrical bus; and, a second transformer secondary connected between said second electrical bus and said first power source. 16. The system for providing electrical power of claim 15 further comprising a second electrical load electrically connected to said second electrical bus. 17. The system for providing electrical power of claim 16 further comprising a second power source electrically connected to said first electrical bus. 18. The system for providing electrical power of claim 16 further comprising a second power converter between said second electrical bus and said first power converter; and a third electrical bus electrically connected between said first and second power converters. 19. The system for providing electrical power of claim 18 further comprising a second power source electrically connected to said third electrical bus. 20. The system for providing electrical power of claim 16 wherein said first power source is a utility. 21. The system for providing electrical power of claim 19 wherein said second power source is a distributed power generation device. 22. The system for providing electrical power of claim 21 wherein said first power source is a utility. 23. The system for providing electrical power of claim 16 wherein said second transformer secondary is electrically connected between said second electrical bus and a second power source. 24. The system for providing electrical power of claim 19 further comprising: at least three of power converters electrically connected said third electrical bus; at least three electrical loads, each electrical load being electrically connected to one of said at least three electrical loads; and, at least three transformer secondaries, each of said transformer secondaries being electrically connected to one of said at least three electrical loads between said at least three power converters and said at least three electrical loads. 25. The system for providing electrical power of claim 21 wherein said distributed power generation device is chosen from the group consisting of hydrocarbon fueled internal combustion engines, hydrogen internal combustion engines, external combustion engines, Stirling engines, microturbines, steam turbines, gas turbines, flywheels, wind turbines, photovoltaic arrays, batteries, fuel cells, capacitors, super-capacitors and ultracapacitors. 26. The system for providing electrical power of claim 17 further comprising an energy storage device electrically connected to said third electrical bus. 27. The system for providing electrical power of claim 26 further comprising a third power converted electrically connected between said energy storage device and said third electrical bus. 28. The system for providing electrical power of claim 27 wherein said energy storage device is selected from a group of flywheels, batteries, fuel cells, capacitors, super-capacitors and ultracapacitors. 29. A system for providing electrical power to a facility comprising: a first electrical load; a first power source electrically connected to said first load; a first transformer electrically connected between said first electrical load and said first power source; a second power source electrically connected to said load, said connection being located between said transformer and said first electrical load; and, a first power converter electrically connected to said first electrical load and said second power source. 30. The system of claim 29 further comprising: a second electrical load electrically connected to said second power source and said power converter; and, a second transformer electrically connected between said second power source and said second electrical load. 31. The system of claim 30 further comprising a generator electrically connected between said second electrical load and said second transformer. 32. The system of claim 29 further comprising: a second electrical load; a third power source electrically connected to said second load; a second transformer electrically connected between said third power source and said second electrical load; a second power converter electrically connected to said second electrical load and said second power source. 33. The system of claim 32 wherein said second power source is an AC power source. 34. The system of claim 33 wherein said AC power source is a generator powered by an internal combustion engine operated in variable speed generation mode. 35. The system of claim 33 wherein said AC power source is an AC storage device. 36. The system of claim 35 wherein said AC storage device is a flywheel. 37. The system of claim 32 further comprising a third power converter electrically connected to and between said second power source and said first and second power converters. 38. The system of claim 37 wherein said third power converter is a AC-DC type power converter and said first and second converters are a DC-AC type inverter. 39. The system of claim 38 wherein said second power source is a DC power source chosen from the group comprising photovoltaic arrays, fuel cells, ultracapacitors, and batteries. 40. A system for providing electrical power to a facility comprising: a plurality of loads in the facility; a plurality of power sources, each providing electrical power to one or more of said plurality of loads; at least one generator electrically connected to said plurality of loads; and, a plurality of power converters, each of said plurality of power converters being electrically connected between said at least one generator and one of the said plurality of loads. 41. The system of claim 40 wherein said at least one generator is an AC power source. 42. The system of claim 41 wherein said AC power is generated by an internal combustion engine. 43. The system of claim 41 wherein wherein said AC power is generated by a wind turbine. 44. The system of claim 41 wherein said at least one generator is an AC storage device. 45. The system of claim 43 wherein said AC storage device is a flywheel. 46. The system of claim 40 wherein said at least one generator is a DC power source. 47. The system of claim 46 wherein said DC power source is a photovoltaic array. 48. The system of claim 46 wherein said DC power source is an ultracapacitor. 49. The system of claim 46 wherein said DC power source is a battery. 50. The system of claim 41 wherein said power converter is a AC-AC inverter. 51. The system of claim 46 wherein said power converter is a DC-AC inverter. 52. The system of claim 40 further comprising a second power converter, said second power converter being electrically connected between said at least one generator and each of said plurality of power converters. 53. The system of claim 42 wherein said second power converter is a AC-DC type power converter and each of said plurality of power converters is a DC-AC type inverter. 54. A method for providing electrical power to multiple electrical loads comprising: detecting a loss of primary power at one of said electrical loads; disconnecting said electrical load from said primary power source; providing power from a first alternate power source; converting said electrical power to said disconnected electrical load to match the characteristics of said electrical load. 55. The method of claim 54 further comprising the steps of: generating electrical power at an first alternate power source; and, converting said electrical power to DC electricity. 56. The method of claim 55 further comprising the step of providing electrical power from a second alternate power source. 57. The method of claim 56 wherein said second alternate power source is an electrical power storage device. 58. The method of claim 54 further comprising the step of generating AC electrical power at said alternate power source. 59. A system for providing heat and electrical power comprising: a facility having at least a first electrical load; a first power source electrically connected to said first load; a first transformer electrically connected to said first power source and said first load; a second power source electrically connected to said first load between said first load and said first transformer, said second power source providing thermal energy to said facility; a first power converter electrically connected to said first load and said second power source, said first power converter automatically adjusting said electrical power from said second power source to proximately match the desired electrical characteristics of said first power source. 60. The system of claim 59 wherein said facility includes a second load, said second load being electrically connected to said second power source. 61. The system of claim 60 further comprising a second power converter electrically connected between said second load and said second power source. 62. The system of claim 61 wherein said facility includes a third load, said third load being electrically connected to said second power source. 63. The system of claim 62 further comprising a third power converter electrically connected between said third load and said second power source. 64. The system of claim 61 wherein said generator is powered be a hydrocarbon fueled internal combustion engine. 65. A method for providing electrical power to multiple electrical loads comprising: providing electrical power from a utility grid to a first and second load; providing electrical power from a first alternate power source to said first and second load; adjusting said electrical power to said first load from said first alternate power source be compatible with the electrical characteristics of said first load and said utility grid; adjusting said electrical power to said second load from said first alternate power source be compatible with the electrical characteristics of said second load and said utility grid. 66. The method of claim 65 further comprising the steps of: detecting a change in the electrical characteristics of electrical power provided by said utility grid to said first load; and, adjusting the electrical power to said first load in response to said changed electrical characteristics. 67. The method of claim 66 further comprising the step of adjusting the output of said first alternate power source in response to a change in said utility grid. 68. The method of claim 66 further comprising the step of adjusting the electrical power output of the first alternate power source in response to a change in said first load. 69. The method of claim 67 further comprising the step of converting alternating current generated by said first alternate power source to direct current. 70. The method of claim 69 further comprising the step of converting the direct current back to alternating current before said power is adjusted to be compatible with the electrical characteristics of said first load and said utility grid. 71. The method of claim 66 further comprising the steps of: providing electrical power from a second utility to a third load; providing electrical power from said first alternate power source to said third load; and, adjusting said electrical power to said third load from said first alternate power source be compatible with the electrical characteristics of said third load and said second utility grid. 72. A system for providing combined heat and electrical power to a facility comprising: a first electrical load; a first transformer secondary electrically connected to said first electrical load; a first power source electrically connected to said first electrical load; a first power converter electrically connected between said first power source and said first electrical load; a second transformer secondary electrically connected to said first power source; and, a heat transfer device coupled to said first power source. 73. The system for providing combined heat and electrical power of claim 72 wherein said heat transfer device is a heat exchanger coupled to the exhaust of said first power source. 74. The system for providing combined heat and electrical power of claim 72 wherein said heat transfer device an absorption chiller coupled to said first power source. 75. The system for providing combined hear and electrical power of claim 72 further comprising means for transferring thermal energy from said heat exchanger to the facility. 76. The system for providing combined heat and electrical power of claim 75 wherein said means for transferring heat is chosen from the group consisting of direct heat, hot water, or steam. 