A covert activity monitoring apparatus and conditional response system having a response apparatus comprising a sensor interface and a wireless interface and one or more sensors having a predetermined conditional interrupt that can result in the response apparatus logging an activity for later download and/or transmitting an alarm condition to a remote monitoring system. In addition the remote monitoring system can initiate a locator sequence for the article incorporating the activity monitoring system.
Claims 1) A security tracking apparatus comprising: a) sensor interface device for responding to a sensor interrupt; b) wireless interface device; c) position determination module; d) an antenna in electrical communication with said wireless interface device; and e) electrical communication between said sensor interface device, said wireless interface device and said position determination module. 2) The device as recited in claim 1, further comprising at least one other antenna used as decoy; 3) The system as recited in claim 1, wherein said sensor interface includes a microcomputer. 4) The system as recited in claim 3, wherein said microcomputer has means for programming responses to said sensor data. 5) The system as recited in claim 4, wherein said sensor interface has at least one sensor providing sensor data to said sensor interface. 6) The system as recited in claim 5, wherein said microcomputer has a preconfigured response for said sensor interrupt. 7) The system as recited in claim 6, wherein said sensor interface has six external input output ports. 8) The system as recited in claim 7, further comprising a serial communication port between said wireless interface device and said sensor interface; 9) The system as recited in claim 7, further comprising a three channel bus between said wireless interface device and said sensor interface device. 10) The system as recited in claim 9, wherein the signal pulse can be short or long. 11) The system as recited in claim 10, wherein the combination of short and long signals forms a determinable command. 12) The system as recited in claim 11, wherein said combination of short and long signals forms at least 14 commands. 13) The system as recited in claim 1, wherein said wireless interface device includes a microcomputer. 14) The system as recited in claim 13, wherein said wireless interface device has preconfigured responses to transmitted sensor interface data. 15) The system as recited in claim 14, wherein said preconfigured responses includes storing the sensor interface data for later download. 16) The system as recited in claim 14, wherein said preconfigured responses include initiating a positioning determination sequence. 17) The system as recited in claim 14, wherein said preconfigured responses include a transmission to a remote location. 18) The system as recited in claim 14, wherein said preconfigured responses are programmable. 19) The system as recited in claim 2, wherein said system comprises a covert apparatus that can be installed in a shipping container. 20) The system as recited in claim 19, wherein said shipping container can be a trailer. 21) The system as recited in claim 20, wherein said covert apparatus can be installed in a tail light of said trailer. 22) The system as recited in claim 21, wherein said covert apparatus derives its power from an external source. 23) The system as recited in claim 22, wherein said power source can be a tractor when said trailer is tethered thereto. 24) The system as recited in claim 23 wherein, said power source can be solar cells attached to said trailer. 25) The system as recited in claim 24, wherein said solar cells form the power source for said covert apparatus when said trailer is untethered from said tractor. 26) The system as recited in claim 1, wherein the apparatus forms an asset management system for the trailer portion of a tractor-trailer. 27) The system as recited in claim 26, wherein the system can be configured with a plurality of sensors to monitor the environment within said trailer. 28) The system as recited in claim 27, wherein the system can be configured to log data from the plurality of sensors. 29) The system as recited in claim 28, wherein the system can be configured to initiate a location determination sequence based on a sensor interrupt. 30) The system as recited in claim 29, wherein a sensor can be configured to determine whether the trailer is connected to a tractor. 31) The system as recited in claim 30, wherein a sensor can be used to determine whether the trailer doors are open. 32) The system as recited in claim 31, wherein the asset management system can be configure to initiate a position determination sequence and record location data when the trailer is connected to a tractor and the door is open. 33) The system as recited in claim 32, wherein the asset management system can be configured to initiate a position determination sequence and record location data when the trailer is disconnected from the tractor and the door is closed. 34) The system as recited in claim 33, wherein the asset management system can be configured to initiate a position determination sequence and initiate a transmission to a remote location when the trailer is disconnected from the tractor and the door is open. 