A sinewave inverter for converting unstable DC voltage from a variable source such as batteries, fuel cells, wind mills and the like into a distortionless sinusoidal AC voltage of constant amplitude and constant frequency is provided. This pure sinewave inverter with line and load regulated voltage is obtained by using a combination of a hyperbolic frequency modulator with a sinusoidal pulsewidth modulator in the inverter circuit.
Claims 1. A sinewave inverter characterized in that it comprises a combination of an open loop hyperbolic frequency modulator with a sinusoidal pulsewidth modulator followed by a linear regulator, producing a line and load regulated distortionless sinusoidal voltage. 2. A sinewave inverter according to claim 1, in which the hyperbolic frequency modulator is adapted to produce high frequency which is exactly inversely proportional to a variable input DC voltage. 3. A sinewave inverter according to claim 1, in which the sinusoidal pulsewidth modulator is adapted to produce a pulsewidth exactly proportional to the voltage of a sinusoidal distortionless reference voltage from a pure sinewave modulator. 4. A sinewave inverter according to claim 1, in which the sinusoidal pulsewidth modulator is adapted to produce a voltage which is exactly proportional to the voltage from a grid, thereby enabling the inverter to produce AC voltage which exactly mimics the grid voltage amplitude, frequency and waveshape and hence can deliver power to the grid. 5. A sinewave inverter according to claim 1, further comprising a precision full wave rectifier adapted to provide a reference signal from a master-slave arrangement suitable to deliver any desired power output. 6. A sinewave inverter using a hybrid regulator for converting DC input voltage from a variable DC source to pure sinewave line and load regulated AC voltage at the output, which comprises: (a) a hyperbolic frequency modulator for producing high frequency which is exactly inversely proportional to the variable input DC voltage; (b) a voltage divider for feeding a fraction of the input voltage to said hyperbolic frequency modulator; (c) a sinusoidal pulsewidth modulator producing a pulse triggered by the modulated frequency from the hyperbolic frequency modulator and whose width is exactly proportional to the reference half sinewave amplitude from an internal or external sine reference source and a precision full wave rectifier; (d) a pair of push-pull switching FETs connected to a bi-phase toggle which is triggered by the sinusoidal pulsewidth modulator and the hyperbolic frequency modulator and providing a flip-flop for the two phases of FET drives of the push-pull stage; (e) a high frequency transformer following the push-pull stage connected to an integrating choke which itself is connected to a FET pass element used to produce a low drop linear regulator which is provided with an amplifier whose reference input receives half-sine waves from the linear regulator; and (f) a FET synchronous bridge for converting the amplified half sine waves obtained from the linear regulator into full sinewaves of AC voltage at the output of the inverter. 7. A sinewave inverter according to claim 6, in which the input voltage is unstable DC voltage provided by batteries, fuel cells, wind mills, photovoltaic cells or solar cells. 8. A sinewave inverter according to claim 6, in which the pure sinewave produced at the output has less than 2% harmonic distortion. 9. A sinewave inverter according to claim 6, in which the hyperbolic frequency modulator which produces a pulsewidth exactly inversely proportional to the variable input DC voltage has an exactitude of .+-.1%. 10. A sinewave inverter according to claim 6, in which the sinusoidal pulsewidth modulator which produces a pulse whose width is exactly proportional to the reference half sinewave amplitude from a reference source has an exactitude of .+-.1%. 11. A sinewave inverter according to claim 2, in which the sinusoidal pulsewidth modulator is adapted to produce a pulsewidth exactly proportional to the voltage of a sinusoidal distortionless reference voltage from a pure sinewave modulator. 12. A sinewave inverter according to claim 2, in which the sinusoidal pulsewidth modulator is adapted to produce a voltage which is exactly proportional to the voltage from a grid, thereby enabling the inverter to produce AC voltage which exactly mimics the grid voltage amplitude, frequency and waveshape and hence can deliver power to the grid. 13. A sinewave inverter according to claim 2, further comprising a precision full wave rectifier adapted to provide a reference signal from a master-slave arrangement suitable to deliver any desired power output. 14. A sinewave inverter according to claim 3, further comprising a precision full wave rectifier adapted to provide a reference signal from a master-slave arrangement suitable to deliver any desired power output. 15. A sinewave inverter according to claim 4, further comprising a precision full wave rectifier adapted to provide a reference signal from a master-slave arrangement suitable to deliver any desired power output. 16. A sinewave inverter according to claim 7, in which the pure sinewave produced at the output has less than 2% harmonic distortion. 17. A sinewave inverter according to claim 7, in which the hyperbolic frequency modulator which produces a pulsewidth exactly inversely proportional to the variable input DC voltage has an exactitude of .+-.1%. 18. A sinewave inverter according to claim 8, in which the hyperbolic frequency modulator which produces a pulsewidth exactly inversely proportional to the variable input DC voltage has an exactitude of .+-.1%. 19. A sinewave inverter according to claim 7, in which the sinusoidal pulsewidth modulator which produces a pulse whose width is exactly proportional to the reference half sinewave amplitude from a reference source has an exactitude of .+-.1%. 20. A sinewave inverter according to claim 8, in which the sinusoidal pulsewidth modulator which produces a pulse whose width is exactly proportional to the reference half sinewave amplitude from a reference source has an exactitude of .+-.1%. 