A power source selection approach of one embodiment includes a voltage monitor to monitor a system supply voltage and to assert a droop signal if the system supply voltage droops below a threshold voltage. A power source selector is responsive to assertion of the droop signal to configure at least one power source, such as, for example, a battery pack, to attempt to provide sufficient voltage such that a system supply voltage is raised above the threshold voltage.
Claims 1. An apparatus comprising: a voltage monitor to monitor a system supply voltage and to assert a droop signal if the system supply voltage droops below a threshold voltage; and a power source selector responsive to assertion of the droop signal to configure at least one power source to attempt to provide sufficient voltage to raise a system supply voltage above the threshold voltage. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the power source selector is to configure at least one battery pack having one of integrated and external selection logic to receive a selection control signal from the power source selector. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the voltage monitor comprises a voltage comparator. 4. The apparatus of claim 3 wherein the power source selector comprises: a latch coupled to an output of the voltage comparator; and at least one multiplexer coupled to an output of the latch, the latch being responsive to assertion of the droop signal to cause the at least one multiplexer to output a discharge signal to cause the power source to be configured to attempt to provide the sufficient voltage. 5. The apparatus of claim 4 further comprising a control circuit to control battery selection, the control circuit being coupled to the latch, the latch being responsive to assertion of the droop signal to cause the control circuit to control power source selection. 6. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the system supply voltage is a narrow VDC system supply voltage. 7. The apparatus of claim 6 wherein the at least one power source includes one of integrated and external selection logic. 8. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the at least one power source includes one of a battery, a fuel cell, a photovoltaic cell and an uninterruptible power supply. 9. An apparatus comprising: a voltage monitor to monitor a voltage of a system supply rail and to assert a droop signal responsive to the voltage of the system supply rail drooping below a threshold voltage; and a battery pack selection module responsive to the droop signal to enable at least one battery pack. 10. The apparatus of claim 9 wherein the battery pack selection module is responsive to the droop signal to enable all battery packs coupled to the battery pack selection module. 11. The apparatus of claim 10 wherein the battery packs includes one of integrated and external selection logic. 12. A method comprising: detecting that a system supply voltage is below a threshold voltage; and responsive to the detection, configuring at least one power source to attempt to provide sufficient voltage to raise the system supply voltage above the threshold voltage. 13. The method of claim 12 wherein configuring at least one power source includes configuring at least one of a battery pack, a fuel cell, a photovoltaic cell and an uninterruptible power supply. 14. The method of claim 12 further comprising: monitoring the system supply voltage. 15. The method of claim 14 wherein detecting that a system supply voltage is below a threshold voltage includes comparing one of the system supply voltage and an attenuated version of the system supply voltage to a reference voltage. 16. The method of claim 15 wherein configuring the at least one power source includes configuring at least one power source including integrated selection logic. 17. The method of claim 12 wherein configuring the at least one power source includes enabling all available power sources. 18. A system comprising: a bus to communicate information; a processor coupled to the bus to process instructions; an antenna coupled to the bus to receive wireless data; and a power delivery sub-system coupled to the bus to provide power to the system, the power deliver sub-system including a voltage monitor to monitor a system rail voltage and to assert a droop signal if the system rail voltage drops below a threshold voltage; at least a first power source, the first power source comprising one of a battery pack, a fuel cell, a photovoltaic cell and an uninterruptible power supply; and a power source selector, the power source selector being responsive to the droop signal to enable the at least first power source. 19. The system of claim 18 wherein the power delivery sub-system further comprises: at least a second power source, the second power source comprising one of a battery pack, a fuel cell, a photovoltaic cell and an uninterruptible power supply. 20. The system of claim 19 wherein the power source selector is further responsive to the droop signal to enable both of the first and second power sources. 21. The system of claim 18 wherein the voltage monitor includes a voltage comparator to compare the system voltage rail to the threshold voltage, the threshold voltage to be provided by one of a bandgap, a zener diode and a resistor divider. 22. The system of claim 21 wherein the at least first power source is a battery pack including integrated selection logic. 