An outdoor illuminated display panel assembly backlit by light emitting diodes (LEDs) edge-mounted on the panel assembly. A light pipe or light box distributes light from the LEDs evenly across the panel assembly. An energy management system adjusts battery charging rates and timing, turns LEDs on or off, and adjusts the luminous intensity of the LEDs to conserve battery power, if required. The display panel assembly may be self-supporting or a backmount system may be used to secure the illuminated display panel assembly to a post. Connections between the various parts of the assembly may be made so as to alleviate possible warping or breaking of the components. A solar panel may collect solar energy and a battery or super capacitor may store the collected solar energy so that the panel assembly may be illuminated irrespective of the light level incident on the solar panel.
Claims 1. A solar powered illuminated display panel assembly for mounting a translucent sheet on a central panel comprising: at least one solar panel; a energy storage unit electrically connectable to said solar panel; at least one light source electrically connectable to said energy storage unit to receive power from said energy storage unit; and said at least one light source being mountable in at least one hole in said central panel. 2. The illuminated display panel assembly of claim 1 wherein said at least one light source is at least one edge-emitting light emitting diode. 3. The illuminated display panel assembly of claim 1, further comprising sealing means to protect said at least one light source from moisture. 4. The illuminated display panel assembly of claim 1 further comprising a gasket about the periphery of said light-emitting diode. 5. The illuminated display panel assembly of claim 1, further comprising at least one translucent sheet mountable on said central panel. 6. The illuminated display panel assembly of claim 5 further comprising a reflective coating mountable on said central panel opposite said translucent sheet. 7. The illuminated display panel assembly of claim 1, further comprising an energy management system electrically connectable to said solar panel and capable of controlling energy received from said solar panel. 8. The illuminated display panel assembly of claim 7 wherein said energy management system is further electrically connectable to said energy storage unit and is capable of controlling power received from said energy storage unit. 9. The illuminated display panel assembly of claim 8, further comprising a detector to monitor the illumination emitted by an external source of light, wherein said energy management system is operatively connectable to said detector and is capable of controlling said illumination based on the brightness of said external source of light. 10. The illuminated display panel assembly of claim 1 wherein said at least one light source is electrically connectable to said energy storage unit through at least one printed circuit board. 11. The illuminated display panel assembly of claim 1 wherein said at least one light source is electrically connectable to said energy storage unit though at least one light emitting diode harness. 12. The illuminated display panel of claim 1 wherein said central panel is a light pipe. 13. A solar powered illuminated display panel assembly for mounting a translucent sheet on a central panel comprising: at least one solar panel; a energy storage unit electrically connectable to said solar panel; at least one light source electrically connectable to said energy storage unit to receive power from said energy storage unit; and said at least one light source being mountable along an edge of said central panel and capable of emitting illumination from its top surface inward of said edge. 14. A solar powered illuminated display panel assembly for mounting a translucent sheet on a central panel comprising: at least one solar panel; a energy storage unit electrically connectable to said solar panel; at least one light source electrically connectable to said energy storage unit to receive power from said energy storage unit; sealing means to protect said at least one light source from moisture; an energy management system electrically connectable to said solar panel and capable of controlling energy received from said solar panel, said energy management system being further electrically connectable to said energy storage unit and capable of controlling power received from said energy storage unit; a detector to monitor the illumination emitted by said at least one light source, wherein said energy management system is operatively connectable to said detector and is capable of controlling said illumination; and a chassis enclosing said display panel. 