The application of a gas analyzer for gas mud logging is presented to measure gases in the return mud flow used in drilling processes. A supported membrane extraction probe from the analyzer is inserted into the mud flow. The probe extracts target gases from the mud through the membrane. Extracted gases are transported by an internal pump to an internal gas sensor unit. The infrared sensor unit is utilized to subject the gases to infrared emitted energy to excite the gasses at a molecular level for sensing and detection. The sensor then transfers sensed values electronically to a digital conditioning board. As the data is digitized in the conditioning board it is encoded with information to enable a means of correlating the derived sensor data. The data is then sent to a digital wireless transceiver for transport to a remote receiving transceiver connected to a microprocessor for data logging.
Claims 1. A system for extracting, sensing, and analyzing gas within a gas-containing media matrix, the gas comprising one or more gases, the system comprising: a supported membrane extraction probe for point contact extraction of gas from within the gas-containing media matrix; a means for facilitating the transport of gas extracted by the membrane extraction probe; a gas sensing means for sensing and correlating data values related to a gas within the extracted gas transported by the means for facilitating the transport thereof, wherein the sensing means further electronically transfers the data values to at least a digital conditioning means; and a wireless transceiver for communicating the gas-sensed data values to a remote receiving transceiver, wherein the transceiver is connected to a power source, wherein the remote receiving transceiver is communicably interfaced with a microprocessor for data logging. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein the power source is an internal battery source. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein the power source is selected from the group consisting of solar power, AC power, or external DC battery power. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein the membrane is composed of a semi-permeable hydrophobic polydimenthyl siloxane (PDMS) silicone. 5. The system of claim 4 wherein the membrane is supported by a first mandrel and inserted into a cylindrically shaped stainless steel machined mandrel housing defining the extraction probe. 6. The system of claim 5 wherein the cylindrically shaped stainless steel second mandrel housing comprises a plurality of flow channels, wherein the channels permit gas-from-media flow extraction. 7. The system of claim 1 wherein the extraction probe is attached to a gas sensing means via a removably attached rubber hose. 8. The system of claim 7 where the hose further functions to protectively enclose a plurality of stainless air flow supply and gas return lines. 9. The system of claim 8 wherein the gas return lines produces extracted gas to a gas sensing means. 10. The system of claim 1 wherein the means for facilitating the transport of gas is an air transfer pump having air and gas transfer lines removably attached thereto. 11. The system of claim 1 wherein the extraction probe can be utilized in a closed loop system for gas extraction therefrom. 12. The system of claim 10 wherein the air transfer pump provides an air circulation stream across the silicone membrane in the probe. 13. The system of claim 12 wherein the pump further provides a circulation stream of extracted gas. 14. The system of claim 13 wherein the circulation stream of extracted gas is provided to a gas sensing means. 15. The system of claim 14 wherein the gas sensing means is an IR emitter and absorption gas sensor. 16. The system of claim 15 when the emitter is modulated at a frequency in the range of about 4-10 Hz, wherein the emitted light has an approximate black body spectral distribution. 17. The system of claim 1 wherein a wireless transceiver is a digital RF modem. 18. The system of claim 1 where the receiving transceiver is a remote wireless transceiver RF modem. 19. The system of claim 18 wherein the remote wireless transceiver RF modem is communicably connected to a microprocessor for data logging to permit permanent media storage display monitoring and/or printer plotting. 20. An apparatus for extracting, sensing, and analyzing gas within a gas-containing media matrix, the gas comprising one or more gases, the apparatus comprising: a cylindrical housing, wherein the housing comprises a plurality of flow channel slots; a means for extracting a gas from a gas-containing liquid from a media, wherein the means for extracting is in flow communication with the cylindrical housing, such that the housing and means for extracting provide point contact extraction of gas from within the gas-containing media matrix; a plurality of transfer tubes in flow communication with the means for extracting; a means for facilitating the transport of gas from the means for extracting; an IR emitter and absorption gas sensing means which generates an electrical signal corresponding to the light absorption for sensing and correlating data values related to a target gas within the extracted gas transported by the means for facilitating the transport thereof, wherein the sensing device further electronically transfers the data values to at least a digital conditioning means; and a wireless transceiver for communicating gas-sensed data to a receiving transceiver, wherein the transceiver is communicably interfaced with a microprocessor for data logging. 21. The apparatus of claim 20 wherein the cylindrical housing is a stainless steel machined mandrel. 22. The apparatus of claim 20 wherein the means for extracting is a support mandrel covered by a membrane. 23. The apparatus of claim 22 wherein the membrane is a polydimenthysiloxane (PDMS) silicone membrane. 24. The apparatus of claim 23 wherein the silicone membrane material is processed in a plurality of thicknesses, wherein various thicknesses are chosen to improve selectivity to hydrocarbons. 25. The apparatus of claim 24 wherein the membrane is a hybrid Zeolite filled silicone membrane. 26. The apparatus of claim 25 wherein reinforced support and anti-fouling properties are provided. 27. The apparatus of claim 26 wherein the reinforcement properties are achieved via an inner layer of titanium mesh within the membrane. 28. The apparatus of claim 26 wherein the anti-fouling properties are achieved via an outer-layer of Teflon.RTM. mesh. 29. The apparatus of claim 22 wherein gas extraction and separation via the membrane is accomplished through pervaporation. 30. The apparatus of claim 29 wherein the membrane acts as a molecular sieve. 31. The apparatus of claim 20 wherein the plurality of transfer tubes provides air and extracted gas circulation. 32. The apparatus of claim 20 wherein the means for facilitating the transport of gas from the means for extracting is a transfer pump. 33. The apparatus of claim 31 wherein a media matrix is maintained at atmospheric pressure on the upstream side of the membrane, wherein gas is extracted as a vapor because of an induced low vapor pressure on the downstream side. 34. The apparatus of claim 33 wherein the transfer pump provides the necessary pressure for gas extraction. 35. The apparatus of claim 20 wherein the transfer tubes are manufactured of a stainless material and are protectively enclosed within a rubber hose housing. 36. The apparatus of claim 20 wherein the means for facilitating the transport of gas is an air transfer pump having a plurality of connections for removable attachment of air and gas transfer tubes thereto. 37. The apparatus of claim 20 wherein the apparatus is utilized in an open system for gas extraction therefrom. 38. The apparatus of claim 20 wherein the apparatus is utilized in a closed loop system for gas extraction therefrom. 39. The apparatus of claim 36 wherein the pump facilitates an air circulation stream across the silicone membrane within in a probe. 40. The apparatus of claim 39 wherein the pump further facilitates a circulation stream of extracted gas from the probe. 41. The apparatus of claim 40 wherein the circulation stream of extracted gas is provided to a gas sensing means. 42. The apparatus of claim 20 wherein the gas sensing means is an IR emitter and absorption gas sensing device. 43. The apparatus of claim 42 wherein the emitter is modulated at a frequency in the range of about 4-10 Hz, wherein the emitted light has an approximate black body spectral distribution. 44. The apparatus of claim 20 wherein the wireless transceiver is a digital RF transceiver modem. 45. The apparatus of claim 20 wherein the receiving transceiver is a remote wireless digital spread spectrum bi-directional transceiver RF modem. 46. The apparatus of claim 45 wherein the remote wireless transceiver RF modem is communicably connected to a microprocessor for data logging to permit permanent media storage, display monitoring, and/or printer plotting. 47. A stand-alone remote encoder module component apparatus for facilitating linear depth tracking for gas data correlation and encoding purposes, the apparatus comprising: a housing; a power source disposed within the housing; a transceiver in operational connectivity with the power source, wherein the transceiver comprises at least a sub-assembly board, wherein signal conversion and encoder interface is accomplished; an optical encoder in operative communication with the transceiver; an antenna for conducting communications with the encoder, wherein encoder data is transmitted via the antenna to a microprocessor for data logging. 48. The apparatus of claim 47 wherein the housing is constructed of a stainless metal material. 49. The apparatus of claim 47 wherein the encoder functions to relay remote depth X-axis information for correlation with gas data, wherein the gas data is derived from a gas sensing and detection system. 50. The apparatus of claim 49 wherein the encoder further provides bi-directional rotary translational data, wherein the data is relative to drill movement. 51. The apparatus of claim 47 wherein the encoder provides an output having two channels in quadrature with half-cycle index gated and having negative B-channel as standard. 52. The apparatus of claim 51 wherein the encoder is capable of cycles per shaft in the range of 1 to 2048 turns. 53. The apparatus of claim 47 wherein the power source is a battery. 54. The apparatus of claim 47 wherein the transceiver is an electronic RF transceiver modem for bi-directional control and data acquisition. 55. A method for extracting, sensing, detecting, measuring, and analyzing gas within a gas-containing media matrix, the gas comprising one or more gases, the method comprising: providing a gas-containing media; providing a membrane gas extraction means; inserting the gas extraction means into the gas-containing media; extracting target gases from the media; providing an internal gas sensing and detection means; transporting the extracted target gases to the internal gas sensing and detection means; subjecting the extracted gases to IR emitted energy by the sensing and detection means; sensing and detecting the extracted gases; transferring electronically sensed gas value data to a digital conditioning means, wherein the conditioning means corrects the values for erroneous variables, scales the values to a common engineering unit and digitizes the values for wireless communication; encoding the digitized values for correlation of the sensor data, and communicating the digitized sensed gas data via a transceiver to a receiving transceiver for communication to a microprocessor for further data logging. 56. The method of claim 55 wherein the gas containing media comprises a returning mud flow matrix associated with drilling operations. 57. The method of claim 55 wherein the gas containing media is selected from the group consisting of air, liquid, foam, and solids. 58. The method of claim 55 wherein the membrane gas extraction means is a hydrophobic polydimenthyl siloxane silicone membrane. 59. The method of claim 55 wherein the membrane is a Zeolite filled silicone membrane. 60. The method of claim 55 wherein the step of inserting is accomplished by manual means. 61. The method of claim 55 wherein the step of extracting target gases is facilitated by an air transfer pump providing air circulation to the membrane and providing transfer circulation of the extracted gas to a gas sensing means. 62. The method of claim 55 wherein the internal gas sensing and detection means is an IR emitter and absorption gas sensor. 63. The method of claim 55 wherein the transporting step the extracted gas flow to the gas sensing and detection means is accomplished via a transfer pump and tube combination. 64. The method of claims 55 wherein the step of communicating to a receiving transceiver is accomplished via spread-spectrum RF bi-directional communications. 