A lighting fixture which includes a base module having first and second connectors, the connectors been selected from the group that consists of male and female connectors. The apparatus also includes at least first and second lighting modules each having male and female connectors. At least one of the connectors on each of the first and second lighting modules is dimensioned and configured for engagement with a connector on the base module; each lighting module includes a light emitting diode, each of the male connectors is dimensioned configured for mating engagement with each of the female connectors to provide an electrical connection and a physical mounting limiting relative movement between respective modules having mating connectors. In some form to the invention the connectors are dimensioned configured whereby mating male and female connectors that are part of respective modules allow relative rotation therebetween. Both the lighting modules in the base module may be cylindrical. The lighting modules may include a bullet housing. The invention also includes a bracket for mounting an associated framed artistic work having a mounting wire that is generally horizontal when the artistic work is normally viewed which includes a base; a hook depending from the base, the hook being mounted to allow movement toward and away from the base whereby the hook can engage the mounting wire and raised the artistic work into engagement with the base. In some embodiments the bracket has a substantially L-shaped form that is dimensioned in configured for engaging the top and back of an associated framed artistic work and the apparatus further includes a locking mechanism to prevent movement of the hook to release the associated mounting wire of the associated artistic work.
Claims 1. A lighting fixture which comprises: a base module having first and second connectors, said connectors been selected from the group that consists of male and female connectors; at least first and second lighting modules each having male and female connectors, at least one of said connectors on each of said first and second lighting modules being dimensioned and configured for engagement with a connector on said base module, each lighting module including a light emitting diode, each of said male connectors being dimensioned configured for mating engagement with each of said female connectors to provide an electrical connection and a physical mounting limiting relative movement between respective modules having mating connectors. 2. A lighting fixture as described in claim 1 wherein said connectors are dimensioned and configured whereby mating male and female connectors that are part of respective modules allow relative rotation therebetween. 3. A lighting fixture as described in claim 1 wherein said lighting modules are cylindrical. 4. A lighting fixture as described in claim 1 wherein said base module is cylindrical. 5. A lighting fixture as described in claim 1 wherein said lighting module includes a bullet housing. 6. A lighting fixture as described in claim 1 further including a battery for operating one or more light emitting diodes in said lighting modules. 7. A lighting fixture as described in claim 1 further including a rechargeable battery for operating one or more light emitting diodes in said lighting modules. 8. A lighting fixture as described in claim 1 further including a rechargeable battery for operating one or more light emitting diodes in said lighting modules and a solar collector for recharging said rechargeable battery. 9. A lighting fixture as described in claim 1 wherein light from said lighting modules has a color and said color is produced selecting from the group which consists of (1) light emitting diodes that produce colored light and (2) light emitting diodes that produce light that passes through a lens having a color. 10. A lighting fixture as described in claim 1 further including a bracket for engaging a framed artistic work, said bracket supporting said base module and at least first and second lighting modules. 11. A lighting fixture as described in claim 10 wherein said bracket includes a support bar extending to said base module. 12. A lighting fixture as described in claim 11 wherein said bracket is intended for mounting an associated framed artistic work having a mounting wire that is generally horizontal when the artistic work is normally viewed which further includes: a base; a hook depending from said base, said hook being mounted to allow movement toward and away from said base whereby said hook can engage the mounting wire and raise the artistic work into engagement with said base. 13. A lighting fixture as described in claim 12 wherein said bracket has a substantially L-shaped form that is dimensioned and configured for engaging the top and back of the associated framed artistic work. 14. A lighting fixture as described in claim 13 further including a locking mechanism to prevent movement of said hook to release the associated mounting wire of the associated artistic work. 15. A lighting fixture as described in claim 14 wherein said bracket includes a plate that is disposed in substantially vertical orientation during normal installation and said plate includes at least two openings for use by associated fasteners to secure said bracket to an associated wall. 16. A lighting fixture as described in claim 15 wary and at least one of said openings is elongated to facilitate leveling of said bracket. 17. A bracket for mounting an associated framed artistic work having a mounting wire that is generally horizontal when the artistic work is normally viewed which includes: a base; a hook depending from said base, said hook being mounted to allow movement toward and away from said base whereby said hook can engage the mounting wire and raised the artistic work into engagement with said base. 18. A lighting fixture as described in claim 17 wherein said bracket has a substantially L-shaped form that is dimensioned in configured for engaging the top and back of an associated framed artistic work. 19. A lighting fixture as described in claim 18 further including a locking mechanism to prevent movement of said hook to release the associated mounting wire of the associated artistic work. 20. A lighting fixture as described in claim 19 wherein said bracket includes a plate that is disposed in substantially vertical orientation during normal installation and said plate includes at least two openings for use by associated fasteners to secure said bracket to an associated wall and one of said openings is elongated to facilitate leveling of said bracket. 