A solar energy device (100) for an electronic device includes a solar energy collecting component (10) and a lens module (20). The solar energy collecting component has a first surface (105) and a second surface. The lens module is rotatably mounted relative to the solar energy collecting component. The lens module is configured to concentrate incident solar radiation onto the first surface of the solar energy collecting component. The solar energy collecting component is for converting incident solar radiation energy to electrical energy. The lens module is movable between a first position in which the lens module is spaced from the first surface of the solar energy collecting component so as to concentrate incident solar radiation onto the first surface and a second position in which the lens module abuts the second surface so as to reduce overall volume of the solar energy device.
Claims 1. A solar energy device comprising; a solar energy collecting component having a first surface and a second surface; and a lens module mounted relative to the solar energy collecting component, being configured to concentrate incident solar radiation onto the first surface of the solar energy collecting component; wherein the solar energy collecting component is configured for converting incident solar radiation energy into electrical energy, and the lens module is movable between a first position in which the lens module is spaced from the first surface of the solar energy collecting component so as to concentrate incident solar radiation onto the first surface and a second position in which the lens module abuts the second surface so as to reduce overall volume of the solar energy device. 2. The solar energy device as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a rotating pole, wherein one end of the rotating pole is mounted on the solar energy collecting component and is rotatable relative to the solar energy collecting component, and the other end of the rotating pole is mounted on the lens module and is rotatable relative to the lens module. 3. The solar energy device as claimed in claim 2, wherein the solar energy collecting component forms a first mounting shaft, a first flange is formed at a distal end of the first mounting shaft, the lens module forms a second mounting shaft, a second flange is formed at a distal end of the second mounting shaft, the rotating pole defines a pair of mounting holes, the two flanges are forced to travel through the two mounting holes, and the rotating pole is mounted on the solar energy collecting component and the lens module. 4. The solar energy device as claimed in claim 2, further comprising a positioning pole, wherein one end of the positioning pole is mounted on the solar energy collecting component and is rotatable relative to the solar energy collecting component, and the other end of the positioning pole is for holding the lens module. 5. The solar energy device as claimed in claim 4, wherein the positioning pole defines a positioning hole in the other end thereof, the lens module defines a positioning projection thereon, and the positioning projection is configured to be mounted in the positioning hole thereby the positioning pole holding the lens module. 6. The solar energy device as claimed in claim 1, wherein the first surface of the solar energy collecting component is opposite to and faces away from the second surface of the solar energy collecting component. 7. An electronic device comprising: a device body; a battery mounted to the device body, the battery having a battery connector; and a solar energy device mounted to the device body, the solar energy device comprising: a solar energy collecting component; and a lens module, the lens module being configured for concentrating incident solar radiation to the solar energy collecting component; wherein the solar energy collecting component is configured for converting incident solar radiation energy to electrical energy and is electrically connected with the battery connector, and the lens module is rotatable relative to the solar energy collecting component. 8. The electronic device as claimed in claim 7, further comprising a rotating pole, wherein one end of the rotating pole is mounted on the solar energy collecting component and is rotatable relative to the solar energy collecting component, and the other end of the rotating pole is mounted on the lens module and is rotatable relative to the lens module. 9. The electronic device as claimed in claim 7, wherein the solar energy collecting component has a first surface and a second surface, and the lens module is rotatable relative to the solar energy collecting component such that the lens module has a first position in which the lens module is above the first surface of the solar energy collecting component and a second position in which the lens module is above the second surface of the solar energy collecting component. 10. The electronic device as claimed in claim 9, wherein the first surface of the solar energy collecting component is opposed to the second surface of the solar energy collecting component. 11. A solar energy device comprising: a solar energy collecting component; and a lens module, the lens module being configured to concentrate incident solar radiation onto the solar energy collecting component; wherein the solar energy collecting component is configured for converting incident solar radiation energy into electrical energy, and the lens module is movably mounted relative to the solar energy collecting component. 12. The solar energy device as claimed in claim 11, wherein the solar energy device comprises a rotating pole having two opposite pole ends, one pole end is mounted to the solar energy collecting component and is rotatable relative to the solar energy collecting component, and the other pole end is mounted to the lens module and is rotatable relative to the lens module. 13. The solar energy device as claimed in claim 12, wherein the solar energy collecting component comprises a first mounting shaft the lens module comprises a second mounting shaft, the rotating pole defines a pair of mounting holes, the first and second mounting shafts engage in their corresponding mounting holes. 14. The solar energy device as claimed in claim 12, further comprising a positioning pole, wherein one end of the positioning pole is mounted to the solar energy collecting component and is rotatable relative to the solar energy collecting component, and the other end of the positioning pole is engageable with the lens module so as to position the lens module with respect to the solar energy collecting component. 15. The solar energy device as claimed in claim 14, wherein the positioning pole defines a positioning hole in the other end thereof, the lens module comprises a positioning projection thereon, and the positioning projection is configured to be engaged in the positioning hole thereby holding the lens module. 16. The solar energy device as claimed in claim 11, wherein the lens module is a Fresnel lens module. 17. The solar energy device as claimed in claim 11, further comprising a plug connector, wherein the plug connector is electrically connected with the solar energy collecting component, and is configured for electrically connecting with an electronic device. 18. The solar energy device as claimed in claim 11, wherein the lens module is movable between a first position and a second position, in the first position the lens module concentrates incident solar radiation onto the solar energy collecting component, and the overall volume of the solar energy device in the first position is greater than that in the second position. 