A photovoltaic powering system is provided that includes a movable platform connected to a self-propelled vehicle. An array of one or more photovoltaic cells is carried by the movable platform. A platform movement mechanism carried by the vehicle moves the movable platform. A platform alignment module carried by the vehicle and connected to the platform movement mechanism causes the photovoltaic cells to be aligned relative to ambient sunlight. The one or more photovoltaic cells converts ambient sunlight to energy that is supplied to a battery carried by the vehicle to thereby recharge the battery if a charge associated with the battery is less than a predetermined threshold.
Claims 1. A self-propelled vehicle comprising: a vehicle body; a vehicle propulsion mechanism for propelling the vehicle body over a surface; a vehicle motor carried by the vehicle body for driving the propulsion mechanism; a battery carried by the vehicle body for supplying power to the vehicle motor; and a photovoltaic powering system carried by the vehicle body, the photovoltaic powering system including a movable platform connected to the vehicle body and comprising an array of at least on photovoltaic cell a platform movement mechanism for moving the platform, and a platform alignment module carried by the vehicle body, the platform alignment module connected to the platform movement mechanism for aligning the moveable platform relative to ambient sunlight. 2. The self-propelled vehicle of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic powering system further includes a power point tracking (PPT) module connected to the array to thereby control energy transfers between the array and the battery so that the array operates at or close to a maximum power point. 3. The self-propelled vehicle of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic powering system further includes a performance monitoring module connected to the battery for monitoring a charge level of the battery. 4. The self-propelled vehicle of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic powering system further includes a performance monitoring module connected to the array for monitoring at least one of power delivered from the array to the vehicle motor and power delivered from the array to an external electrical device. 5. The self-propelled vehicle of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic powering system further includes an inverter connected to the at least one photovoltaic cell, the inverter converting a DC current generated by the photovoltaic cell to an AC current deliverable to at least one of an external power grid and an external electrical device. 6. The self-propelled vehicle of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic powering system further includes an electrical connector for providing an electrical connection between the array and an external device. 7. The self-propelled vehicle of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic powering system further includes a critical tilt module for detecting when the moveable platform is aligned at an angle equal to or greater than a critical tilt angle, the critical tilt angle defining an angle beyond which the moveable platform is not tilted when the vehicle is being propelled over a surface. 8. The self-propelled vehicle of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic powering system further includes an excess power delivery device connected to the battery for providing a conduit through which power can be delivered to at least one of an external electrical device and a power grid. 9. The self-propelled vehicle of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic powering system further includes an excess power delivery device connected to the battery and having an on-board electrical inverter for converting a DC current to an AC current to thereby deliver AC-based power to at least one of an external electrical device and a power grid. 10. A photovoltaic powering system comprising: a movable platform connected to a self-propelled vehicle and comprising an array of at least one photovoltaic cell; a platform movement mechanism carried by the vehicle for moving the platform; and a platform alignment module carried by the vehicle, the platform alignment module connected to the platform movement mechanism for aligning the moveable platform relative to ambient sunlight; wherein the at least one photovoltaic cell converts ambient sunlight to energy that is supplied to a battery carried by the vehicle to thereby recharge the battery. 11. The photovoltaic powering system of claim 10, further comprising a power point tracking (PPT) module connected to the array to thereby control energy transfers between the array and the battery so that the array operates at or near a maximum power point. 12. The photovoltaic powering system of claim 10, further comprising an inverter connected to the at least one photovoltaic cell, the inverter converting a DC current generated by the photovoltaic cell to an AC current deliverable to at least one of an external power grid and an external electrical device. 13. The photovoltaic powering system of claim 10, further comprising an electrical connector for providing an electrical connection between the array and an external device. 14. The photovoltaic powering system of claim 10, further comprising a critical tilt module for detecting when the moveable platform is aligned at an angle equal to or greater than a critical tilt angle, the critical tilt angle defining an angle beyond which the moveable platform is not tilted when the vehicle moves over a surface. 15. The photovoltaic powering system of claim 10, further comprising an excess power delivery device connected to the battery for providing a conduit through which power can be delivered to at least one of an external electrical device and a power grid. 16. The photovoltaic powering system of claim 10, further comprising an excess power delivery device connected to the battery and having an on-board electrical inverter for converting a DC current to an AC current to thereby deliver AC-based power to at least one of an external electrical device and a power grid. 17. The photovoltaic powering system of claim 10, further comprising a plurality of docking stations and an external battery bank connected to the plurality of docking stations for exchanging power between at least two of the array, the external battery bank, and a power grid connected to the external battery bank. 18. The photovoltaic powering system of claim 17, further comprising an inverter connected to the external battery bank for converting a DC current to an AC current. 19. The photovoltaic powering system of claim 17, further comprising a monitor electrically connected to the external battery bank for monitoring the power exchange. 20. A method of generating and supplying power using solar energy, the method comprising: automatically aligning an array of at least one photovoltaic cell relative to ambient sunlight, the array connected to a self-propelled vehicle; converting the ambient sunlight to usable energy; and supplying the usable energy to a battery carried by the vehicle to thereby recharge the battery if a charge associated with the battery is less than a predetermined threshold. 21. The method of claim 20, further comprising controlling energy transfers across an interface between the array and the battery so that the array operates at or close to a maximum power point. 22. The method of claim 20, further comprising monitoring at least one of monitoring a charge level of the battery, power delivered from the array to the vehicle, and power delivered from the array to an electrical device external to the vehicle 23. The method of claim 20, further comprising supplying excess power to at least one of an external electrical device and a power grid. 24. The method of claim 20, further comprising electrically connecting the array to a combined docking-and-powering station, the docking-and-powering station having a plurality of docking stations and an external battery bank comprising a plurality of interconnected batteries connected to the plurality of docking stations and to a separate power grid. 25. The method of claim 24, further comprising selectively conveying power among at least two the array, the external battery bank, and the power grid. 