A photovoltaic system includes a photovoltaic generator, and a thermo switch which reduces an output voltage of the photovoltaic generator in response to a trigger temperature. The photovoltaic generator may include a plurality of photovoltaic cells which are arranged in series to form a photovoltaic module. The module has ends, each of which having an electric module terminal pole, wherein the thermo switch is rendered operative in response to the trigger temperature to short-circuit the module terminal poles and to thereby reduce the output voltage generated by the photovoltaic generator.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic system, comprising a photovoltaic generator; and a thermo switch which reduces an output voltage of the photovoltaic generator in response to a trigger temperature. 2. The photovoltaic system of claim 1, wherein the thermo switch reduces the output voltage of the photovoltaic module to zero. 3. The photovoltaic system of claim 1, wherein the photovoltaic generator includes a plurality of photovoltaic cells arranged in series to form a photovoltaic module, said module having ends, each end having an electric module terminal pole, wherein the thermo switch is rendered operative in response to the trigger temperature to short-circuit the module terminal poles and to thereby reduce the output voltage generated by the photovoltaic generator. 4. The photovoltaic system of claim 3, wherein the photovoltaic generator includes a string of a plurality of said photovoltaic module connected in series, wherein each end of the string is provided with an electric string terminal pole, and wherein the thermo switch is rendered operative in response to the trigger temperature to short-circuit the string terminal poles and to thereby reduce the output voltage of the photovoltaic generator. 5. The photovoltaic system of claim 4, wherein the photovoltaic generator includes a plurality of said string, and further comprising an inverter having two DC input terminals and electrically arranged in parallel to the strings, wherein the thermo switch is rendered operative in response to the trigger temperature to short-circuit the two DC input terminals and to thereby reduce the output voltage of the photovoltaic generator. 6. The photovoltaic system of claim 3, wherein the photovoltaic module is provided with a connector box, with the thermo switch being disposed in or on the connector box. 7. The photovoltaic system of claim 6, wherein the thermo switch is installed during production of the photovoltaic module or during production of the connector box. 8. The photovoltaic system of claim 4, wherein the string is provided with a connecting case, with the thermo switch being disposed in or on the connecting case. 9. The photovoltaic system of claim 1, wherein the thermo switch includes an effective mechanical component. 10. The photovoltaic system of claim 9, wherein the mechanical component is a bimetal element. 11. The photovoltaic system of claim 1, wherein the thermo switch includes an effective electrical component. 12. The photovoltaic system of claim 11, wherein electrical component is a temperature sensor in connection with an evaluation circuit. 13. The photovoltaic system of claim 1, wherein the trigger temperature is between 70.degree. C. and 90.degree. C. 14. A photovoltaic generator, comprising a photovoltaic cell generating an output voltage across output terminals; and an electric switch connected across the output terminals, said switch responsive to a temperature, wherein the electric switch short-circuits the output terminals in response to an increase in temperature above a threshold value, thereby reducing the output voltage of the photovoltaic generator to a safe level. 15. The photovoltaic generator of claim 14, comprising a plurality of said photovoltaic cell connected in series and forming a photovoltaic module, with the output voltage being generated across output terminals of the photovoltaic module. 16. The photovoltaic generator of claim 15, comprising a plurality of said photovoltaic module connected in series and forming a photovoltaic assembly, with the output voltage being generated across output terminals of the photovoltaic assembly. 17. The photovoltaic generator of claim 15, comprising a plurality of said photovoltaic module connected in series, with the series-connected photovoltaic modules being electrically connected with one another in parallel so as to have common output terminals, and an inverter having a DC input connected across the common output terminals, wherein the electric switch short-circuits the common output terminals. 18. The photovoltaic generator of claim 15, comprising a connector box, wherein the electric switch is attached to or housed in the connector box. 19. The photovoltaic generator of claim 14, wherein the electric switch is installed in or on the connector box when the photovoltaic module or the connector box are manufactured. 20. The photovoltaic generator of claim 16, wherein the photovoltaic assembly includes a connector case, and the electric switch is housed in the connector case or attached to the connector case. 21. The photovoltaic generator of claim 14, wherein the electric switch includes a mechanical actuator. 22. The photovoltaic generator of claim 14, wherein the mechanical actuator includes a bimetal element. 23. The photovoltaic generator of claim 14, wherein the electric switch includes an electrical or electronic actuator. 24. The photovoltaic generator of claim 23, wherein the electrical or electronic actuator includes a temperature sensor and an evaluation circuit providing an actuation signal to the electrical or electronic actuator in response to an input signal from the temperature sensor. 25. The photovoltaic generator of claim 14, wherein the temperature threshold value is between approximately 60.degree. C. to 100.degree. C. 26. The photovoltaic generator of claim 14, wherein the temperature threshold value is between approximately 70.degree. C. and approximately 90.degree. C. 27. The photovoltaic generator of claim 14, wherein the safe level of the output voltage is between approximately 0 Volt and approximately 60 Volt. 