An exterior-mounted motorized window shade system that is solar powered and automated using a microcontroller that evaluates environmental sensor input for predefined thresholds regarding direct sunlight, temperature, moisture, and wind speed and then actuates the extension or retraction direction of the motor based on that input.
Claims 1. An automatic solar-powered motorized exterior window shade device comprising: a. a fabric shade with a ballast on a rotating roller shaft that is moveable between the extended and retracted position, b. a housing for all parts, including the retracted shade, c. a solar collection array, d. a reversible DC motor, e. a collection of environmental sensors, f. a control device coupled to the said solar array and the said environmental sensors that powers the said motor to move the roller to the extended and retracted positions, g. and stainless 5 steel cable guide lines to slide the said ballast up and down as a method for stabilizing the shade as it moves in high wind. 2. An automatic solar-powered motorized exterior window shade device as in claim 1 wherein the control device comprises: h. a microcontroller comprised of a circuit board and firmware that manages power for the said solar collection array and manages and evaluates the input from the said environmental sensors, i. a motor direction control that directs the motor direction control bridge as to the extension and retraction direction of the motor. 3. An automatic solar-powered motorized exterior window shade device as in claim 2 wherein the solar collection array functionality comprises: j. a power supply for the said microcontroller, k. a power supply for the said environmental sensors, l. a power supply for the said motor. 4. An automatic solar-powered motorized exterior window shade device as in claim 3 wherein the environmental sensors comprise: m. a solar collection array receiving sufficient sunlight to power up, n. a temperature sensor, o. a moisture sensor, p. a wind sensor. 5. An automatic solar-powered motorized exterior window shade device as in claim 4 wherein the said microcontroller and said environmental sensors interact in the methods comprising: q. a set power level generated by the said solar collection array that, in accordance with the microcontroller programming, constitutes a positive indication of direct sunlight, r. a temperature sensor that does not begin taking readings until the said microcontroller programming determines the said set power level is reached, and then the microcontroller reads a positive indication of the set temperature level at 70.degree. F., s. a moisture sensor that does not begin taking readings until the set power level is reached, the set temperature level is reached, and then the microcontroller determines if the moisture level is acceptable, t. a wind sensor that does not begin taking readings until the set power level is reached, the set temperature is reached, the set moisture level is acceptable, and then the microcontroller reads a positive indication based on open circuit, and then, u. when the microcontroller reads positive on all indicators, it commands the action of the motor to move in the extension direction until stopped by the optical sensors indicating full extension, but v. when the microcontroller reads negative on any of the indicators and the shade is in the retracted position, no action is taken or, if the shade is in the extended position, the microcontroller commands the action of the motor to move in the retraction direction until the optical sensors indicate complete retraction. 6. An automatic solar-powered motorized exterior window shade device as in claim 5 further comprising extended and retracted optical sensors that are read by the microcontroller where the retraction status input is from the left-hand sensor and the extension status is from the right-hand sensor, in which case a positive reading from the optical sensor to the microcontroller consists of a completed optical circuit. 7. An automatic solar-powered motorized exterior window shade device as in claim 5 further comprising an electronic moisture sensor that collects moisture on the surface and sends signals to the microcontroller when the sensor detects moisture. 8. An automatic solar-powered motorized exterior window shade device as in claim 5 further comprising a wind gauge that has a hanging vane suspended between two electrical contacts and sends digital signals to the microcontroller when the vane and a contact connect. 9. An automatic solar-powered motorized exterior window shade device as in claim 1 further comprising a ballast sewn into the lower end of the shade fabric that acts as a weight for the fabric and contains eyes at each end that serve as guides to stabilize the shade during retraction or high wind. 10. An automatic solar-powered motorized exterior window shade device as in claim 1 further comprising of two steel cables affixed to each side of the bottom of the said housing, running through eyes on the said ballast, and then affixed in appropriate locations to an area below or to the side of the window or opening. 11. An automatic solar-powered motorized exterior window shade device as in claim 1 further comprising shaped metal and two molded end caps that contains the said retracted shade, roller shaft, slotted shafts, motor, microcontroller, temperature sensor, moisture sensor, and wind sensor, and is furthermore, slotted on the back to receive a bracket and to which the said guide lines are affixed. 12. An automatic solar-powered motorized exterior window shade device as in claim 10 further comprising a mounting device that is comprised of a piece of metal 24 inches long and flanged in two locations to match the slots on the back of the shade housing and drilled with 4 holes for mounting to exterior finishes. 