Automatized solar shielding system, comprising a plurality of slats (1) revolvable via a driving device driven by a motor (13), and a pair of uprights supporting the slats (1), wherein one upright contains the driving device and one of the sunshade slats (1) contains the motor (13).
Claims 1. An automatized solar shielding system, comprising a plurality of slats, revolvable via a driving device driven by a motor, and a pair of uprights apt to operate as support of said slats, characterized in that: one upright of said pair of uprights is hollow and apt to contain said driving device; and said motor is contained inside of one of said sunshade slats. 2. The system according to claim 1, wherein each of said uprights comprises an anchoring section and a load-bearing C-section, connected therebetween so as to form a closed box member. 3. The system according to claim 2, wherein said sections are made of extruded aluminum. 4. The system according to claim 1, wherein said driving device comprises a plurality of substantially rhomboid-shaped members, each of said rhomboid-shaped members being integrally connected to a respective slat at one end of the latter. 5. The system according to claim 1, wherein said driving device comprises at least one rod for connecting said rhomboid-shaped members. 6. The system according to claim 5, comprising two rods for connecting said rhomboid-shaped members. 7. The system according to claim 6, wherein said two rods are respectively hinged at opposite vertexes of each of said rhomboid-shaped members. 8. The system according to claim 1, wherein said motor is a tubular motor having a main body integral to the slat containing it. 9. The system according to claim 1, wherein each of said slats is hollow and apt to be closed, at each of is ends, by a corresponding cap whose shape reproduces that of the end section of the slat itself. 10. The system according to claim 9, wherein each of said caps comprises a cylinder-shaped projection for the coupling to said rhomboid-shaped member. 11. The system according to claim 9, wherein each of said caps comprises a cylinder-shaped projection for the coupling to the upright. 12. The system according to claim 9, wherein said caps are made of nylon. 13. The system according to claim 11, wherein on each of said cylinder-shaped projections there is inserted a locking clip for adjusting the mounting slacks. 14. The system according to claim 13, wherein said locking clip is made of nylon. 15. The system according to claim 6, wherein said rods are made of extruded metal. 