Compact, OSL-based devices for long-term, unattended radiation detection and spectroscopy are provided. In addition, a method for extracting spectroscopic information from these devices is taught. The devices can comprise OSL pixels and at least one radiation filter surrounding at least a portion of the OSL pixels. The filter can modulate an incident radiation flux. The devices can further comprise a light source and a detector, both proximally located to the OSL pixels, as well as a power source and a wireless communication device, each operably connected to the light source and the detector. Power consumption of the device ranges from ultra-low to zero. The OSL pixels can retain data regarding incident radiation events as trapped charges. The data can be extracted wirelessly or manually. The method for extracting spectroscopic data comprises optically stimulating the exposed OSL pixels, detecting a readout luminescence, and reconstructing an incident-energy spectrum from the luminescence.
Claims 1. A compact spectrometer comprising: a. a plurality of OSL pixels; and b. at least one radiation filter for modulating an incident radiation flux, said radiation filter surrounding at least a portion of said OSL pixels; wherein said compact spectrometer acquires spectroscopic information regarding said incident radiation flux. 2. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 1, wherein said plurality of OSL pixels is configured in an OSL array. 3. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 1, wherein said plurality of OSL pixels comprises at least one OSL material. 4. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 3, wherein said OSL material has a decay constant less than or equal to approximately 100 msec. 5. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 3, wherein said OSL material is selected from the group consisting of Al.sub.2O.sub.3, doped Al.sub.2O.sub.3, Pb-loaded Al.sub.2O.sub.3, BaFBr, doped BaFBr, and combinations thereof. 6. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 5, wherein said doped Al.sub.2O.sub.3 comprises C-doped Al.sub.2O.sub.3. 7. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 5, wherein said doped BaFBr comprises Eu-doped BaFBr. 8. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 1, wherein said OSL pixels have a shape selected from the group consisting of planar, cylindrical, spherical, and combinations thereof. 9. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 1, wherein said radiation filter comprises at least one attenuating material. 10. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 9, wherein said attenuating material is selected from the group consisting of metals, alloys, ceramics, glasses, polymers, minerals, and combinations thereof. 11. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 9, wherein said radiation filters comprise a material selected from the group consisting of Pb, W, Al, and combinations thereof. 12. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 1, wherein said radiation filter comprises a plurality of thicknesses. 13. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 12, wherein said plurality of thicknesses comprises a wedge-shaped filter. 14. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 13, wherein said wedge-shaped filter ranges from approximately 1 mm to approximately 10 mm in thickness. 15. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 1, wherein said radiation filters comprise at least one shape. 16. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 15, wherein said shape is selected from the group consisting of planar, cylindrical, spherical, and combinations thereof. 17. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 1, wherein said compact spectrometer is deployed in high-radiation environments. 18. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 17, wherein said high-radiation environments are selected from the group consisting of waste tanks, power plants, radiation hot cells, down-hole monitoring, and combinations thereof. 19. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 1, wherein said incident radiation comprises gamma-rays. 20. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 1, further comprising a neutron-converting material. 21. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 20, wherein said incident radiation comprises neutrons. 22. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 20, wherein said neutron-converting material is selected from the group consisting of .sup.10B, .sup.6Li, Gd, Sm, and combinations thereof. 23. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 1, wherein said compact spectrometer consumes zero power. 24. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 23, wherein said spectroscopic information is extracted by post-radiation-exposure analysis. 25. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 24, wherein said post-radiation-exposure analysis comprises optical stimulation of said OSL array, detection of a readout luminescence, and reconstruction of an incident energy spectrum from said readout luminescence. 26. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 25, wherein said reconstruction is selected from the group of techniques consisting of direct, ordinary least squares, non-negative least squares, maximum likelihood, and combinations thereof. 27. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 25, wherein said reconstruction further comprises analytically solving for a system transfer function. 28. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 1, further comprising: a. at least one light source proximally located to said OSL pixels; b. at least one luminescence detector proximally located to said OSL pixels; c. a power source electrically connected to said light sources and said detector; d. a wireless communication device operably connected to said light sources, said detectors, and said power source; and wherein said compact spectrometer has at least a first and a second power consumption mode and is capable of long-term, spectroscopic radiation monitoring. 29. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 28, further comprising an enclosure for housing said OSL pixels, said light source, said detector, said wireless communication device, and said power source. 30. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 28, further comprising a processor for reconstructing an incident-energy spectrum, wherein said processor is operably connected to said light source, said detector, said power source, and said wireless communication device. 31. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 28, further comprising an analog-to-digital converter. 32. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 28, further comprising low-noise pulse processing components. 33. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 28, further comprising first optical elements for tuning an interrogating emission from said light sources. 34. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 33, wherein said first optical elements are selected from the group consisting of lenses, filters, prisms, gratings, mirrors, apertures, and combinations thereof. 35. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 28, further comprising second optical elements for tuning readout emissions from said OSL pixels. 36. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 35, wherein said second optical elements are selected from the group consisting of lenses, filters, prisms, gratings, mirrors, apertures, and combinations thereof. 37. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 28, wherein said light source comprises a pulsed light source. 38. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 37, wherein said pulsed light source is selected from a group consisting of LEDs, flashlamps, lasers, and combinations thereof. 39. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 37, wherein a pulse having a duration of less than or equal to approximately 5 msec is applied by said pulsed light source. 40. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 28, wherein a pulse separation time exists between each pulse. 41. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 40, wherein said pulse separation time is greater than or equal to a decay constant characteristic of said OSL pixels. 42. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 41, wherein said pulse separation time is less than or equal to approximately 10 times said decay constant of said OSL pixel. 43. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 28, wherein a readout measurement comprises a luminescence response to a single pulse. 44. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 28, wherein a readout measurement comprises a plurality of luminescence responses to a plurality of pulses. 45. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 44, wherein an average of said plurality of luminescence responses comprises a criterion for discrimination against scintillation events. 46. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 28, wherein a decay constant of said OSL pixels comprises a criterion for discrimination against scintillation events. 47. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 28, wherein said detector is selected from the group consisting of photodiodes, CCDs, PMT photosensors, and combinations thereof. 48. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 47, wherein said photodiodes are selected from the group consisting of avalanche, drift, and combinations thereof. 49. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 28, wherein said power source is selected from the group consisting of batteries, fuel cells, solar cells, and combinations thereof. 50. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 28, wherein said first power consumption mode draws power to maintain only a communication link. 51. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 50, wherein said first power consumption mode comprises a default state of said compact sensor. 52. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 28, wherein said second power consumption mode comprises an active state of said compact sensor. 53. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 28, wherein a change in said power consumption mode is initiated by a wireless signal, an elapsed duration of time, or combinations thereof. 54. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 53, wherein said wireless signal comprises an activation signal to initiate a change from said first to said second power consumption mode. 55. The compact spectrometer as recited in claim 53, wherein said wireless signal comprises a hibernation signal to initiate a change from said second to said first power consumption mode. 56. A compact spectrometer comprising: a. a plurality of OSL pixels, wherein said OSL pixels are cylindrical, spherical, or combinations thereof; and b. at least one radiation filter surrounding at least a portion of said OSL pixels for modulating an incident radiation flux; wherein said compact spectrometer acquires spectroscopic information regarding said incident radiation flux. 57. A compact spectrometer comprising: a. a plurality of OSL pixels; b. at least one radiation filter surrounding at least a portion of said OSL pixels for modulating an incident radiation flux; c. at least one light source proximally located to said OSL pixels; d. at least one luminescence detector proximally located to said OSL pixels; e. a power source electrically connected to said light sources and said detector; f. a wireless communication device operably connected to said light sources, said detectors, and said power source; and wherein said compact spectrometer acquires spectroscopic information regarding said incident radiation flux. 58. An apparatus comprising: a. a container, and b. a compact spectrometer comprising: 1. a plurality of OSL pixels; and 2. at least one radiation filter for modulating an incident radiation flux, said radiation filter surrounding at least a portion of said OSL pixels; wherein said compact spectrometer acquires spectroscopic information regarding said incident radiation flux and is attached to said container. 59. A method for extracting spectroscopic information comprising the steps of: a. providing a compact spectrometer comprising a plurality of OSL pixels and at least one radiation filter surrounding at least a portion of said OSL pixels, wherein said compact spectrometer has been exposed to an incident radiation flux; b. optically stimulating said plurality of OSL pixels, resulting in a readout luminescence of deposited energy values; c. detecting said readout luminescence, thereby obtaining a readout signal; and d. reconstructing an incident-energy spectrum from said readout signal; thereby extracting spectroscopic information regarding said incident radiation flux. 60. The method as recited in claim 59, wherein said compact spectrometer consumes zero power. 61. The method as recited in claim 59, wherein said incident radiation flux occurs during monitoring of high radiation environments. 62. The method as recited in claim 61, wherein said high radiation environments are selected from the group consisting of waste tanks, power plants, radiation hot cells, down-hole monitoring, and combinations thereof. 63. The method as recited in claim 59, wherein said incident radiation flux is selected from the group consisting of neutrons, gamma rays, and combinations thereof. 64. The method as recited in claim 59, wherein said optically stimulating comprises a continuous wave light source. 65. The method as recited in claim 59, wherein said optically stimulating comprises a pulsed light source. 66. The method as recited in claim 65, wherein said pulsed light source is selected from the group consisting of light emitting diodes, flash lamps, lasers, and combinations thereof. 67. The method as recited in claim 59, wherein said plurality of OSL pixels comprise at least one OSL material. 68. The method as recited in claim 67, wherein said OSL material is selected from the group consisting of Al.sub.2O.sub.3, doped Al.sub.2O.sub.3, Pb-loaded Al.sub.2O.sub.3, Eu-doped BaFBr, etc., and combinations thereof. 69. The method as recited in claim 59, wherein said OSL pixels have a shape selected from the group consisting of cubes, cylinders, spheres, and combinations thereof. 70. The method as recited in claim 59, wherein said detecting comprises using CCDs, PMT photosensors, photodiodes, and combinations thereof. 71. The method as recited in claim 59, wherein said radiation filter comprises a plurality of thicknesses. 72. The method as recited in claim 70, wherein said plurality of thicknesses comprises a wedge-shaped filter. 73. The method as recited in claim 72, wherein said wedge-shaped filter is approximately 1 mm to 10 mm thick. 74. The method as recited in claim 59, wherein said radiation filter is planar, cylindrical, spherical, or combinations thereof. 75. The method as recited in claim 59, wherein said radiation filter comprises at least one attenuating material. 76. The method as recited in claim 75, wherein said attenuating material is selected from the group consisting of metals, alloys, ceramics, glasses, polymers, minerals, and combinations thereof. 77. The method as recited in claim 76, wherein said attenuating material is selected from the group consisting of Pb, W, Al, and combinations thereof. 78. The method as recited in claim 59, wherein said reconstructing step is selected from the group of techniques consisting of direct, ordinary least squares, non-negative least squares, maximum likelihood, and combinations thereof. 79. The method as recited in claim 59, wherein said reconstructing step further comprises analytically solving for a system transfer function. 