Disclosed herein is a nipple overcap having a sterilizer including: a nursing bottle overcap detachably mounted on a nipple-fixing cap having a nipple and having a through-hole formed at the center thereof, a part of the upper portion of the nipple being located on the nursing bottle overcap; a substrate case detachably mounted on the upper portion of the nursing bottle overcap and having a sound generator; and an ozone generator mounted between the substrate case and the nursing bottle overcap, wherein the ozone generator includes: a rechargeable battery for supplying power source to the sound generator and the ozone generator; an electric circuit board for executing a preset program using power source supplied from the rechargeable battery; and an ozone lamp connected to the electric circuit board. The nipple overcap can sterilize various bacteria parasitic on the nipple by the ozone generator, and generate sounds according to the operation state of the sterilizer by the sound generator.
Claims 1. A nipple overcap having a sterilizer comprising: a nursing bottle overcap for detachably mounting on a nipple-fixing cap having a nipple and having a through-hole formed at the center thereof, for a part of the upper portion of the nipple; a substrate case for detachably mounting on the top of the nursing bottle overcap, having a sound generator; and an ozone generator located between the substrate case and the nursing bottle overcap, the ozone generator comprising a rechargeable battery for supplying power to the sound generator and the ozone generator; an electric circuit board for performing a preset program using the power source supplied from the rechargeable battery; and an ozone lamp connected to the electric circuit board. 2. The nipple overcap having a sterilizer according to claim 1, wherein the substrate case comprise a solar cell mounted on the upper surface thereof for absorbing light and converting the light into electric energy to charge the rechargeable battery. 3. The nipple overcap having a sterilizer according to claim 1, wherein the sound generator is connected with the rechargeable battery, and comprises: a memory for storing melodies or sounds; and a speaker for transmitting melodies or sounds transferred from the memory to the outside, the speaker being mounted on the substrate case. 4. The nipple overcap having a sterilizer according to claim 2, wherein the substrate case comprises: a timer circuit part for setting an operation time period of the ozone lamp; and an ozone generation control circuit part for uniformly controlling generation of ozone by the ozone lamp. 5. The nipple overcap having a sterilizer according to claim 4, wherein the substrate case further comprises an LED display for indicating a progress state. 6. The nipple overcap having a sterilizer according to claim 4, wherein the substrate case further comprises an LCD display for indicating the progress state of sterilization using characters or numbers. 7. The nipple overcap having a sterilizer according to claim 1, wherein the electric circuit board further comprises a light sensitivity controlling part for controlling brightness of the ozone lamp. 8. A nipple overcap comprising: a nursing bottle overcap for detachably mounting on a nipple-fixing cap; a substrate case for detachably mounting on the top of the nursing bottle overcap, and having a sound generator; an ozone generator located between the substrate case and the nursing bottle overcap, the ozone generator comprising a rechargeable battery for supplying power; an electric circuit board for performing a preset program; and an ozone lamp connected to the electric circuit board. 9. The nipple overcap having a sterilizer according to claim 5, wherein the progress state is selected from the group consisting of start, progress, and end of sterilization. 