An outdoor illuminated display panel assembly backlit by light emitting diodes (LEDs) edge-mounted on the panel assembly. A light pipe or light box distributes light from the LEDs evenly across the panel assembly. An energy management system adjusts battery charging rates and timing, turns LEDs on or off, and adjusts the luminous intensity of the LEDs to conserve battery power, if required. The display panel assembly may be self-supporting or a backmount system may be used to secure the illuminated display panel assembly to a post. Connections between the various parts of the assembly may be made so as to alleviate possible warping or breaking of the components. A solar panel may collect solar energy and a battery or super capacitor may store the collected solar energy so that the panel assembly may be illuminated irrespective of the light level incident on the solar panel.
Claims 1. An illuminated display panel assembly for mounting a translucent sheet on a frame, comprising; at least one light source; at least one power source coupled to said light source; a light pipe supported on said frame, said light pipe being operative to accept light from said light source and to emit said light over a desired area of said assembly; a first backbrace comprising at least a first slot coupled to said frame; a first mounting arrangement coupled to said first slot and operative to slide within said first slot; a second backbrace comprising at least a second slot coupled to said frame; a second mounting arrangement coupled to said second slot and operative to slide with said second slot; said first and second mounting arrangements being slidable to appropriate positions to mount said illuminated display panel assembly in a level position on a support. 2. An illuminated display panel assembly for mounting a translucent sheet on a frame comprising; at least one light source; a power source electrically coupled to said light source; a light pipe supported on said frame, said light pipe being operative to accept light from said light source and emit said light over a desired area of said assembly; at least one hole through said light pipe at least one pin mountable in said at least one hole and extending beyond the front and rear faces of said light pipe; a first slot extending along said frame; a second slot extending along said frame; wherein said pin is slidable in said first slot and to mount said light pipe in said frame; and said second slot accommodates said translucent sheet; such that said light pipe and said translucent sheet are in non-rigid attachment to said frame. 3. The illuminated display panel assembly of claim 1 or claim 2 wherein said translucent sheet is operative to allow the transmission of at least a portion of said light in order to display information. 4. The illuminated display panel assembly of claim 1 or claim 2, wherein said light source is at least one light emitting diode. 5. The illuminated display panel assembly of claim 4, wherein said light emitting diode is an edge-emitting light-emitting diode. 6. The illuminated display panel assembly of claim 4, wherein said light emitting diode is a top-emitting light-emitting diode. 7. The illuminated display panel assembly of claim 1 or claim 2, further comprising a reflective surface mounted on said light pipe in opposed relation to said light source. 8. The illuminated display panel assembly of claim 1 or claim 2 wherein said light source is mounted in a hole in said light pipe. 9. The illuminated display panel assembly of claim 8 wherein said hole is a blind hole. 10. The illuminated display panel assembly of claim 1 or claim 2, further comprising sealing means to protect said at least one light source from moisture. 11. The illuminated display panel assembly of claim 10 wherein said sealing means comprises a gasket about the periphery of said light source. 12. The illuminated display panel assembly of claim 1 or claim 2, further comprising: a energy storage unit electrically connectable to said light source; and at least one solar panel electrically connectable to said energy storage unit. 13. The illuminated display panel assembly of claim 12 wherein said at least one light source is electrically connectable to said energy storage unit through at least one printed circuit board. 14. The illuminated display panel assembly of claim 12 wherein said at least one light source is electrically connectable to said energy storage unit though at least one light emitting diode harness. 15. The illuminated display panel assembly of claim 1 or claim 2, further comprising a polarizing film mounted on said light pipe. 16. The illuminated display panel assembly of claim 1 or claim 2, further comprising a reflective coating on a surface of said light pipe, said reflective coating being positioned to reflect light back into said light pipe. 17. The illuminated display panel assembly of claim 1 or claim 2, further comprising a reflective coating about at least a portion of the periphery of said light pipe. 18. The illuminated display panel assembly of claim 1 or claim 2, further comprising an energy management system electrically connectable to said light source and capable of controlling energy received from said power source. 19. The illuminated display panel assembly of claim 18, further comprising a detector to monitor the illumination emitted by an external source of light, wherein said energy management system is operatively connectable to said detector and is capable of controlling said illumination based on the brightness of said external source of light. 20. The illuminated display panel assembly of claim 1 or claim 2, further comprising: a second translucent sheet; wherein said translucent sheet is mounted in said frame facing a first side of said light pipe and said second translucent sheet is mounted in said frame on the opposing side of said light pipe; said light pipe operative to emit light rays through both said translucent sheet and said second translucent sheet. 