A lighting system for a flag is disclosed, including a lighting element, a housing adapted to receive the lighting element, a mounting element adapted to mount the housing on the flag, and a power source for supplying electrical power to the lighting element. The lighting element produces light, and the housing substantially transmits the light produced by the lighting element. The power source, preferably a combination solar panel and battery, is adapted for connection to the lighting element. Also described is a flag including a piece of cloth having a lighting element disposed therein, wherein the lighting element produces light and includes multiple spaced apart lighting strips arranged substantially in parallel.
Claims 1. A lighting system for a flag, the lighting system comprising: a lighting element configured to produce light; a mounting element adapted to mount the lighting element on the flag, the mounting element including a housing adapted to receive the lighting element, wherein the housing substantially transmits the light produced by the lighting element; and a power source for supplying electrical power to the lighting element, wherein the power source is adapted to be operably connected to the lighting element. 2. The lighting system as recited in claim 1, wherein the lighting element comprises a string of light-emitting diodes. 3. The lighting system as recited in claim 2, wherein the string of light-emitting diodes comprises a plurality of light-emitting diodes connected one after another in succession. 4. The lighting system as recited in claim 1, wherein the lighting element comprises an electroluminescent strip. 5. The lighting system as recited in claim 1, wherein the housing substantially surrounds the lighting element and protects the lighting element. 6. The lighting system as recited in claim 1, wherein the housing includes a mounting component that is adapted to mount the housing to an outer edge of the flag. 7. The lighting system as recited in claim 1, wherein the mounting element is an integral part of the housing. 8. The lighting system as recited in claim 1, wherein the power source comprises a battery. 9. The lighting system as recited in claim 1, wherein the power source comprises at least one photovoltaic cell. 10. The lighting system as recited in claim 1, wherein the power source comprises a control unit configured to provide electrical power to the lighting element 11. The lighting system as recited in claim 1, wherein the control unit comprises a light sensitive element. 12. A flag comprising: a piece of cloth having a lighting element disposed therein, wherein the lighting element is configured to produce light and comprises a plurality of spaced apart lighting strips. 13. The flag as recited in claim 12, wherein the lighting strips are woven into the piece of cloth. 14. The flag as recited in claim 12, wherein the lighting strips comprise electroluminescent strips. 15. The flag as recited in claim 12, wherein the lighting element is adapted for connection to a power source. 16. The flag as recited in claim 12, wherein the plurality of spaced apart lighting strips are arranged substantially in parallel 17. A flag comprising: a flag body; a lighting element configured to produce light; a mounting element adapted to mount the lighting element on the flag; and a power source for supplying electrical power to the lighting element, wherein the power source is adapted to be operably connected to the lighting element. 18. The flag as recited in claim 17, wherein the lighting element comprises a string of light-emitting diodes. 19. The flag as recited in claim 18, wherein the string of light-emitting diodes comprises a plurality of light-emitting diodes connected one after another in succession. 20. The flag as recited in claim 17, wherein the lighting element comprises an electroluminescent strip. 