A method for detecting and interrupting an electrically islanded condition for a grid connected current source inverter is disclosed in which: A line voltage frequency is monitored at a cycle or sub cycle resolution. Current output from the inverter is periodically phase shifted. If voltage is observed to follow the phase shift of the current output an islanding error signal is generated causing the inverter to stop injecting power onto the line.
Claims 1. An inverter connected to a photovoltaic panel comprising: a photovoltaic panel, an output of which is DC power; a set of transistors electrically connected to said photovoltaic panel that controllably convert said DC power into AC power; an AC power grid electrically connected to the output of said transistors; a switch for disconnecting said transistors from said AC power grid; and an anti-islanding monitor that detects a loss of said AC power grid and disconnects said switch when said AC power grid is lost. 2. The inverter of claim 1 wherein said anti-islanding monitor controls said transistors to modify AC current periodically and detects a loss of said AC power grid if AC voltage is also modified when said AC current is modified. 3. The inverter of claim 2 wherein the modification of said AC current comprises shifting the phase of said AC current. 4. The inverter of claim 3 wherein said anti-islanding monitor detects a loss of AC power grid by detecting an over or under frequency condition during a period when the phase of said AC current is shifted. 5. The inverter of claim 3 wherein said anti-islanding monitor shifts the phase of said AC current forward in half of said modifications of said AC current and shifts the phase backward in half of said modifications of AC current. 6. The inverter of claim 5 wherein the AC current is out of phase with the voltage in said AC power grid for one cycle each time said anti-islanding monitor checks for loss of said AC power grid. 7. The inverter of 3 wherein the AC current is out of phase with the voltage in said AC power grid for one cycle each time said anti-islanding monitor checks for loss of said AC power grid. 8. The inverter of claim 3 wherein said anti-islanding monitor checks for loss of said AC power grid once every ten cycles. 9. The inverter of claim 3 wherein said phase shift in AC current is less than 40 degrees forward or backward. 10. The inverter of claim 5 wherein the sequence of phase shifts is forward, forward, backward, backward. 11. An inverter connected to a photovoltaic panel comprising: a photovoltaic panel, an output of which is DC power; a set of transistors electrically connected to said photovoltaic panel that controllably convert said DC power into AC power; an AC power grid electrically connected to the output of said transistors; and an anti-islanding monitor that detects a loss of said AC power grid and stops operation of said inverter when said AC power grid is lost. 12. The inverter of claim 11 wherein said anti-islanding monitor controls said transistors to modify AC current periodically and detects a loss of said AC power grid if AC voltage is also modified when said AC current is modified. 13. The inverter of claim 12 wherein the modification of said AC current comprises shifting the phase of said AC current. 14. The inverter of 13 wherein the AC current is out of phase with the voltage in said AC power grid for one cycle each time said anti-islanding monitor checks for loss of said AC power grid. 15. The inverter of claim 13 wherein said anti-islanding monitor checks for loss of said AC power grid once every ten cycles. 16. A method of operating an inverter connected to a photovoltaic panel comprising: providing a photovoltaic panel, an output of which is DC power; providing a set of transistors electrically connected to said photovoltaic panel that controllably convert said DC power into AC power; connecting to the output of said transistors to an AC power grid; monitoring for loss of said AC power grid; and interrupting operation of said inverter when said AC power grid is lost. 17. The method of claim 16 wherein the step of monitoring for loss of said AC power grid comprises the steps of periodically modifying the AC current output of said transistors and checking for a modification in AC voltage when said AC current is modified. 18. The method of claim 17 wherein the step of modifying the AC current output of said transistors comprises the step of shifting the phase of said AC current. 19. The method of claim 18 wherein the step of shifting the phase of said AC current comprises the step of shifting the phase one direction and then shifting the phase back one cycle later. 20. The method of claim 17 wherein said AC current is shifted according to the sequence forward, forward, backward, backward. 