A multi-function digital pressure measuring device and welding torch having an outlet nozzle with first and second gas inlets with valves. The pressure measuring device having a body with a first gas chamber and a first inlet and a first outlet where the first inlet is connectable to a first gas supply line and the first outlet is connectable to the first gas inlet of the nozzle to permit gas to pass through. The body further having a second gas chamber with a second inlet and a second outlet where the second inlet is connectable to a second different gas supply line and the second outlet is connectable to the second gas inlet of the nozzle to permit gas to pass through. A display attached to the body and a sensor for measuring pressure associated with the first and second gas chamber. A microprocessor connected to the display and sensor, the microprocessor functioning to calculate elapsed time and pressure for display, thereby providing a welder with an accurate preheat indicator of the materials to be welded. The microprocessor can record the length of service of an external component such as a flashback arrestor associated with the torch.
Claims 1. A multi-function digital pressure measuring device for a welding torch comprising: a body having a gas chamber with an inlet and an outlet where the inlet is connectable to a gas supply line and the outlet is connectable to a welding torch to permit gas to pass through; a display attached to the body; a sensor for measuring pressure associated with the gas chamber; and a microprocessor connected to the display and sensor, the microprocessor including means to calculate elapsed time and pressure for display, thereby providing a welder with an accurate preheat indicator of the materials to be welded. 2. A multi-function digital pressure measuring device according to claim 1, wherein the sensor can also measure the temperature of the gas passing through the gas chamber. 3. A multi-function digital pressure measuring device according to claim 1, wherein the microprocessor is connectable to a removable power source. 4. A multi-function digital pressure measuring device according to claim 1, wherein the multi-function microprocessor includes a clock which can be reset. 5. A multi-function digital pressure measuring device according to claim 1, wherein the display simultaneously indicates time and pressure. 6. A multi-function digital pressure measuring device according to claim 3 wherein the power source is a battery. 7. A multifunction digital pressure measuring device according to claim 6, wherein the battery is rechargeable via a solar source. 8. A multi-function digital pressure measuring device according to claim 1, further including a flashback arrestor associated therewith. 9. A multi-function digital pressure measuring device according to claim 8, wherein the microprocessor records the length of service of a flashback arrestor. 10. A multi-function digital pressure measuring device according to claim 1, wherein the microprocessor can record the length of service of a flashback arrestor associated with the torch. 11. A multi-function digital pressure measuring device according to claim 1, further including an operation pad associated with the display and the microprocessor, wherein the operation pad is depressed to control what measurements are being displayed. 12. A welding torch with a multi-function digital pressure measuring device comprising: (a) an outlet nozzle and first and second gas inlets with valves; (b) a body having a first gas chamber with a first inlet and a first outlet where the first inlet is connectable to a first gas supply line and the first outlet is connectable to the first gas inlet of the nozzle to permit gas to pass through; (c) the body further including a second gas chamber with a second inlet and a second outlet where the second inlet is connectable to a second different gas supply line and the second outlet is connectable to the second gas inlet of the nozzle to permit gas to pass through; (d) a display attached to the body, (e) a sensor for measuring pressure associated with the first and second gas chamber; and (f) a microprocessor connected to the display and sensor, the microprocessor including means to calculate elapsed time and pressure for display, thereby providing a welder with an accurate preheat indicator of the materials to be welded. 13. A welding torch with a multi-function digital pressure measuring device according to claim 12, wherein the sensor can also measure the temperature of the gas passing through each gas chamber. 14. A welding torch with a multi-function digital pressure measuring device according to claim 12, wherein the microprocessor is connectable to a power source. 15. A welding torch with a multi-function digital pressure measuring device according to claim 12, wherein the multi-function microprocessor includes a clock which can be reset. 16. A welding torch with a multi-function digital pressure measuring device according to claim 12, wherein the display simultaneously indicates time and pressure of each gas chamber. 17. A welding torch with a multi-function digital pressure measuring device according to claim 14, wherein the power source is a battery. 18. A welding torch with a multi-function digital pressure measuring device according to claim 18, wherein the battery is rechargeable via a solar source. 19. A welding torch with a multi-function digital pressure measuring device according to claim 12, further including a flashback arrestor associated therewith. 20. A welding torch with a multi-function digital pressure measuring device according to claim 19, wherein the microprocessor records the length of service of the flashback arrestor. 21. A welding torch with a multi-function digital pressure measuring device according to claim 12, wherein the microprocessor can record the length of service of a flashback arrestor associated with the torch. 22. A welding torch with a multi-function digital pressure measuring device according to claim 12, further including a button associated with the display and microprocessor for changing what measurements are being displayed. 23. A method for obtaining a proper preheat temperature of parts to be welded together via a torch during a Thermite welding process comprising: (a) attaching a first multi-function digital pressure measuring device with a display and timer to the welding torch and a first gas supply line; (b) attaching a second multi-function digital pressure measuring device with a display and timer to the welding torch and a second different gas supply line; (c) reading the display on the first multi-function digital pressure measuring device to determine the first gas pressure at the torch is correct; (d) reading the display on the second multi-function digital pressure measuring device to determine the second gas pressure at the torch is correct; (e) opening the gas valves on the torch to permit first and second gas to flow therethrough and igniting the torch; (f) directing the torch at the parts to be welded and activating the timer on the first multi-function digital pressure device. (g) Monitoring the pressure readings on each display for a predetermined time period which is indicated by the timer. 24. The method of claim 23, wherein the first gas is oxygen. 25. The method of claim 23, wherein the second gas is propane. 26. The method of claim 23, wherein the first gas pressure is 65 psi. 27. The method of claim 23, wherein the second gas pressure is 15 psi. 28. The method of claim 23, wherein the predetermined time period is 5 minutes. 