A line marker includes a housing having a receiving cavity and an opening communicating with the receiving cavity, a retracting unit supported within the receiving cavity of the housing, an operating cable having an inner coupling end coupling with the retracting unit and an outer control end extending out of the receiving cavity through the opening, and an indicating element container supported in the housing, wherein the indicating element container includes an absorbing element disposed therein to absorb the indicating element, wherein the operating portion of the operating cable contacts with the absorbing element to evenly apply the indicating element along the operating cable when the operating cable is pulled out from the housing for marking a straight line on a surface.
Claims 1. A line marker, comprising: a housing having a receiving cavity and an opening communicating with said receiving cavity; a retracting unit supported within said receiving cavity of said housing; a reel coupling with said retracting unit and rotatably supported within said receiving cavity of said housing; an operating cable having an inner coupling end coupling with said reel and an outer control end extending out of said receiving cavity through said opening, wherein said retracting unit normally retracts said operating cable in said receiving cavity around said reel in a coil manner; an indicating element contained in said receiving cavity at a position that when an operating portion of said operating cable is pulled out from said receiving cavity through said opening, said indicating element is applied along said operating portion of said operating cable for marking a straight line on a surface. 2. The line marker, as recited in claim 1, further comprising an indicating element container which contains said indicating element therein and is received in said retracting unit, wherein said housing further has an operating cavity communicating with said indicating element container to allow said indicating element passing to said operating cavity, wherein said indicating element container comprises an absorbing receptor disposed in said operating cavity to absorb said indicating element and to contact with said operating cable, such that when said operating cable is pulled out from said housing, said absorbing receptor applies said indicating element along said operating cable. 3. The line marker, as recited in claim 2, wherein said indicating element container further comprises a sealing member sealing thereon to control a flow of said indicating element towards said operating cavity, wherein said indicating element is forced to flow towards said operating cavity when an exterior pressure of said indicating element container is larger than an interior pressure thereof. 4. The line marker, as recited in claim 3, further comprising a foaming element disposed in said operating cavity at a position close to said opening of said housing to contact with said operating portion of said operating cable when said operating cable is pulled out from said housing, wherein said foaming element is adapted for controlling an amount of said indicating element applied along said operating cable and ensuring said operating cable having enough said indicating element applied thereon, so as to prevent excessive indicating element applied along said operating cable. 5. The line marker, as recited in claim 4, wherein said indicating element is liquid ink absorbed by said absorbing receptor to apply along said operating cable. 6. The line marker, as recited in claim 1, further comprising an indicating element container replaceably supported in said housing, wherein said indicating element container comprises an absorbing element disposed therein to absorb said indicating element, wherein said operating portion of said operating cable contacts with said absorbing element to evenly apply said indicating element along said operating cable when said operating cable is pulled out from said housing. 7. The line marker, as recited in claim 6, wherein said indicating element container has a slot formed thereon to communicate with said absorbing element, wherein said housing further comprises a receptor movably mounted at a sidewall of said housing and extended to said indicating element container through said slot such that when said receptor is pressed against said absorbing element, said indicating element container releases said indicating element to apply along said operating cable. 8. The line marker, as recited in claim 7, wherein said indicating element is liquid ink absorbed by said absorbing receptor to apply along said operating cable. 9. The line marker, as recited in claim 6, wherein said indicating element container further comprises four sidewalls, a bottom wall, and a top wall to form a cavity for said absorbing element disposed therein, wherein said indicating element container further comprises an elongated cable channel formed on said top wall, wherein said operating portion of said operating cable is slid along said cable channel to contact with said absorbing element so as to apply said indicating element along said operating portion of said operating cable when said operating cable is pulled out from said housing. 10. The line marker, as recited in claim 9, wherein said indicating element container further comprises a sealing member detachably sealed on said top wall to seal said cable channel, and a stopper wheel slidably mounted at said cable channel to lock up said operating portion of said operating cable at said cable channel. 11. The line marker, as recited in claim 10, wherein said indicating element is liquid ink absorbed by said absorbing receptor to apply along said operating cable. 12. The line marker, as recited in claim 1, further comprising a power retracting device for automatically retracting said operating cable back to said reel, wherein said power retracting device comprises a rechargeable battery, a motor which is electrically connected to said rechargeable battery and is coupling with said reel to drive said reel to rotate, and a switch which is provided on said housing and is arranged to actuate said motor to drive said reel to rotate so as to retract said operating cable back to said reel. 13. The line marker, as recited in claim 12, wherein said power retracting device further comprises a solar energy collector supported on said housing for collecting solar energy and converting said solar energy into electrical energy to be stored in said rechargeable battery. 14. The line marker, as recited in claim 13, wherein said power retracting device further comprises means for current-checking of a circuit of said power retracting device, and means for generating a light signal with respect to a state of said rechargeable battery. 15. The line marker, as recited in claim 14, further comprising an indicating element container supported in said housing, wherein said indicating element container comprises an absorbing element disposed therein to absorb said indicating element, wherein said operating portion of said operating cable contacts with said absorbing element to evenly apply said indicating element along said operating cable when said operating cable is pulled out from said housing. 16. The line marker, as recited in claim 15, wherein said indicating element is liquid ink absorbed by said absorbing receptor to apply along said operating cable. 17. The line marker, as recited in claim 1, further comprising a retractable pin assembly which has a pin cavity formed within said receiving cavity of said housing at a position adjacent to said reel, a pin having a pinhead slidably received in said pin cavity, and a pin pusher which is slidably mounted at said pin cavity and is extended from said pin, wherein when said pin pusher is pressed, said pinhead of said pin is slid out of said pin cavity of said housing, wherein said retractable pin assembly further comprises a compression spring coaxially mounted to said pin within said pin cavity for applying an urging force against said pin to push said pinhead back to said housing. 18. The line marker, as recited in claim 17, wherein said pin pusher has a guiding groove slidably engaging with a guiding protrusion extended from an inner wall of said pin cavity to guide a sliding movement of said pin, wherein said guiding groove has a first stopper end and an opposed second stopper end and arranged when said pin pusher is slidably pressed until said guiding protrusion engages with said first stopper end of said guiding groove, said pinhead is extended out of said housing and locked in position, and when said pin pusher is slid to receive said pinhead back into said housing, said guiding protrusion engages with said second stopper end of said guiding groove. 19. The line marker, as recited in claim 18, further comprising a weight element coupling with said control end of said operating cable and a position stabilizer comprising a magnetic member attached to a bottom side of said housing, wherein said position stabilizer is adapted for magnetically mounting on a surface having a magnetic attracting ability to retain said line marker in position. 20. The line marker, as recited in claim 19, further comprising an indicating element container supported in said housing, wherein said indicating element container comprises an absorbing element disposed therein to absorb said indicating element, wherein said operating portion of said operating cable contacts with said absorbing element to evenly apply said indicating element along said operating cable when said operating cable is pulled out from said housing, wherein said indicating element is liquid ink absorbed by said absorbing receptor to apply along said operating cable. 