An accelerated weathering test apparatus including a target board operatively coupled to a reflector device. The target board is configured to support at least one test specimen for exposure to concentrated solar radiation. The reflector device is configured to reflect and concentrate solar radiation onto the at least one test specimen. The reflector device includes a bed and a plurality of mirrors. Each mirror is disposed on the bed in one of a first operative position, where solar radiation is reflected on the at least one test specimen, and a second operative position, where no solar radiation is reflected on the at least one test specimen. One of the irradiance incident on the at least one test specimen from the reflector device and the temperature of the at least one test specimen is adjustable by movement of selected mirrors from the first operative position to the second operative position in response to an input in order to control one of a temperature of the at least one test specimen or the irradiance.
Claims 1. An accelerated weathering test apparatus of the type used to concentrate solar radiation upon at least one test specimen, the apparatus comprising: a target board operatively coupled to a reflector device; the target board configured to support at least one test specimen for exposure to concentrated solar radiation; the reflector device configured to reflect and concentrate solar radiation onto the at least one test specimen; and the reflector device including a bed and a plurality of mirrors, each mirror disposed on the bed in one of a first operative position, where solar radiation is reflected on the at least one test specimen, and a second operative position, where no solar radiation is reflected on the at least one test specimen, such that irradiance incident on the at least one test specimen from the reflector device is adjustable by movement of selected mirrors from the first operative position to the second operative position in response to an input in order to control one of a temperature of the at least one test specimen and the irradiance. 2. The apparatus as recited in claim 1, wherein the input is generated from one of the group consisting of a temperature sensitive component, an apparatus for replaying a recorded environment temperature cycle, an apparatus for generating a complex temperature cycle or a non-contact monitoring device. 3. The apparatus as recited in claim 1, wherein the input is an offset which adjusts for daily, seasonal and atmospheric variations of the irradiance. 4. The apparatus as recited in claim 1, wherein the second operative position is selected from the group consisting of pivotally moving the mirror from the first operative position, removing the mirror from the first operative position and covering the mirror in the first operative position. 5. The apparatus as recited in claim 1, wherein each mirror is pivotally connected to the bed and operatively coupled to a device that facilitates movement of the mirror from the first operative position to the second operative position. 6. The apparatus as recited in claim 5, wherein the device is selected from the group consisting of a solenoid, linear actuator, motor, stepper motor, pneumatic actuator, hydraulic actuator or bi-metallic actuator. 7. The apparatus as recited in claim 5, further including a controller operatively coupled to each device to selectively activate the devices to facilitate movement of the mirrors from the first operative position to the second operative position. 8. The apparatus as recited in claim 7, wherein the controller selectively activates the devices in response to the irradiance incident on a sensor. 9. The apparatus as recited in claim 7, wherein the controller selectively activates the devices in response to the temperature of the at least one test specimen. 10. The apparatus as recited in claim 7, wherein the controller functions to log activation of the devices and duration thereof to facilitate calculation of radiation exposure. 11. The apparatus as recited in claim 1, wherein each mirror is connected to the bed at a fixed angle and operatively coupled to a device that facilitates covering of the mirror in the second operative position. 12. The apparatus as recited in claim 11, wherein the device is selected from the group consisting of a solenoid, linear actuator, motor, stepper motor, pneumatic actuator, hydraulic actuator or bi-metallic actuator. 13. The apparatus as recited in claim 11, further including a controller operatively coupled to each device to selectively activate the devices to facilitate covering of the mirrors in the second operative position. 14. The apparatus as recited in claim 13, wherein the controller selectively activates the devices in response to the irradiance incident on a sensor. 15. The apparatus as recited in claim 13, wherein the controller selectively activates the devices in response to the temperature of the at least one test specimen. 16. The apparatus as recited in claim 13, wherein the controller functions to log activation of the devices and duration thereof to facilitate calculation of radiation exposure. 17. The apparatus as recited in claim 5, further including a stop which orients each at least one mirror in the first operative position. 18. A method for adjusting irradiance incident on at least one test specimen in an accelerated weathering test apparatus of the type used to concentrate solar radiation upon the at least one test specimen in order to control one of a temperature and irradiance of the test specimen, comprising the following steps: fitting the apparatus with a target board operatively coupled to a reflector device, where the target board is configured to support the at least one test specimen, the reflector device is configured to reflect and concentrate solar radiation on to the at least one test specimen and the reflector device includes a bed with a plurality of mirrors; operatively coupling each mirror to the bed such that each mirror is independently disposed on the bed in one of a first operative position, where solar radiation is reflected on the at least one test specimen, and a second operative position, where no solar radiation is reflected on the at least one test specimen; and controlling a plurality of devices, where each device is operatively coupled to one mirror, with a controller to selectively activate the devices to facilitate movement of the mirrors from the first operative position to the second operative position in response to an input. 19. The method as recited in claim 18, wherein the input is generated from a device selected from the group consisting of a temperature sensitive component, an apparatus for replaying a recorded environment temperature cycle, an apparatus for generating a complex temperature cycle, and irradiance monitoring device or a non-contact monitoring device. 20. The method as recited in claim 18, wherein the input is an offset which adjusts for daily, seasonal and atmospheric variations of the irradiance. 21. The method as recited in claim 18, wherein the second operative position is selected from the group consisting of pivotally moving the mirror from the first operative position, removing the mirror from the first operative position and covering the mirror in the first operative position. 22. The method as recited in claim 18, wherein each mirror is pivotally connected to the bed. 23. The method as recited in claim 18, wherein the device is selected from the group consisting of a solenoid, linear actuator, motor, stepper motor, pneumatic actuator, hydraulic actuator or bi-metallic actuator. 24. The method as recited in claim 18, further including the step of logging activation of the devices and duration thereof with the controller to facilitate calculation of radiation exposure. 25. The method as recited in claim 18, wherein each mirror is connected to the bed at a fixed angle and the device facilitates covering of the mirror in the second operative position. 26. The method as recited in claim 18, further including a stop which orients each at least one mirror in the first operative position. 27. An accelerated weathering test apparatus of the type used to concentrate solar radiation upon at least one test specimen, the apparatus comprising: a target board operatively coupled to a reflector device; the target board configured to support at least one test specimen for exposure to concentrated solar radiation; the reflector device configured to reflect and concentrate solar radiation onto the at least one test specimen; and the reflector device including a bed and a plurality of mirrors, each mirror disposed on the bed in one of a first operative position, where solar radiation is reflected on the at least one test specimen, and a second operative position, where no solar radiation is reflected on the at least one test specimen, such that a temperature of the at least one test specimen is adjustable by movement of selected mirrors from the first operative position to the second operative position in response to an input in order to control one of an irradiance incident on the at least one test specimen from the reflector device and the temperature. 28. The apparatus as recited in claim 27, wherein the input is generated from one of the group consisting of a temperature sensitive component, an apparatus for replaying a recorded environment temperature cycle, an apparatus for generating a complex temperature cycle, an irradiance monitoring device or a non-contact monitoring device. 29. The apparatus as recited in claim 27, wherein the input is an offset which adjusts for daily, seasonal and atmospheric variations of the irradiance. 30. The apparatus as recited in claim 27, wherein the second operative position is selected from the group consisting of pivotally moving the mirror from the first operative position, removing the mirror from the first operative position and covering the mirror in the first operative position. 31. The apparatus as recited in claim 27, wherein each mirror is pivotally connected to the bed and operatively coupled to a device that facilitates movement of the mirror from the first operative position to the second operative position. 32. The apparatus as recited in claim 31, wherein the device is selected from the group consisting of a solenoid, linear actuator, motor, stepper motor, pneumatic actuator, hydraulic actuator or bi-metallic actuator. 33. The apparatus as recited in claim 31, further including a controller operatively coupled to each device to selectively activate the devices to facilitate movement of the mirrors from the first operative position to the second operative position. 34. The apparatus as recited in claim 33, wherein the controller selectively activates the devices in response to the irradiance incident on a sensor. 35. The apparatus as recited in claim 33, wherein the controller selectively activates the devices in response to the temperature of the at least one test specimen. 36. The apparatus as recited in claim 33, wherein the controller functions to log activation of the devices and duration thereof to facilitate calculation of radiation exposure. 37. The apparatus as recited in claim 27, wherein each mirror is connected to the bed at a fixed angle and operatively coupled to a device that facilitates covering of the mirror in the second operative position. 38. The apparatus as recited in claim 37, wherein the device is selected from the group consisting of a solenoid, linear actuator, motor, stepper motor, pneumatic actuator, hydraulic actuator or bi-metallic actuator. 39. The apparatus as recited in claim 37, further including a controller operatively coupled to each device to selectively activate the devices to facilitate covering of the mirrors in the second operative position. 40. The apparatus as recited in claim 39, wherein the controller selectively activates the devices in response to the irradiance incident on a sensor. 41. The apparatus as recited in claim 39, wherein the controller selectively activates the devices in response to the temperature of the at least one test specimen. 42. The apparatus as recited in claim 39, wherein the controller functions to log activation of the devices and duration thereof to facilitate calculation of radiation exposure. 43. The apparatus as recited in claim 31, further including a stop which orients each at least one mirror in the first operative position. 44. A method for adjusting a temperature of at least one test specimen in an accelerated weathering test apparatus of the type used to concentrate solar radiation upon the at least one test specimen in order to control an irradiance incident on the at least one test specimen, comprising the following steps: fitting the apparatus with a target board operatively coupled to a reflector device, where the target board is configured to support the at least one test specimen, the reflector device is configured to reflect and concentrate solar radiation on to the at least one test specimen and the reflector device includes a bed with a plurality of mirrors; operatively coupling each mirror to the bed such that each mirror is independently disposed on the bed in one of a first operative position, where solar radiation is reflected on the at least one test specimen, and a second operative position, where no solar radiation is reflected on the at least one test specimen; and controlling a plurality of devices, where each device is operatively coupled to one mirror, with a controller to selectively activate the devices to facilitate movement of the mirrors from the first operative position to the second operative position in response to an input. 45. The method as recited in claim 44, wherein the input is generated from a device selected from the group consisting of a temperature sensitive component, an apparatus for replaying a recorded environment temperature cycle, an apparatus for generating a complex temperature cycle, an irradiance monitoring device or a non-contact monitoring device. 46. The method as recited in claim 44, wherein the input is an offset which adjusts for daily, seasonal and atmospheric variations of the irradiance. 47. The method as recited in claim 44, wherein the second operative position is selected from the group consisting of pivotally moving the mirror from the first operative position, removing the mirror from the first operative position and covering the mirror in the first operative position. 48. The method as recited in claim 44, wherein each mirror is pivotally connected to the bed. 49. The method as recited in claim 44, wherein the device is selected from the group consisting of a solenoid, linear actuator, motor, stepper motor, pneumatic actuator, hydraulic actuator or bi-metallic actuator. 50. The method as recited in claim 44, further including the step of logging activation of the devices and duration thereof with the controller to facilitate calculation of radiation exposure. 51. The method as recited in claim 44, wherein each mirror is connected to the bed at a fixed angle and the device facilitates covering of the mirror in the second operative position. 52. The method as recited in claim 44, further including a stop which orients each at least one mirror in the first operative position. 