A thermal management system for a spacecraft module includes a baseplate and wall system that is precharacterized to provide a given level of thermal performance regardless of an orientation of the spacecraft relative to a source of solar energy. The system is characterized at a worst-case hot orientation, and at a worst-case cold orientation. The characterization provides a maximum temperature and a minimum temperature of components mounted on the baseplate as a function of the height of the walls. The height of the walls is selected to provide a suitable temperature range for the components, based on the power dissipation of the components. The system is designed to be symmetric, so that this temperature range is assured regardless of the orientation of the spacecraft.
Claims 1. A thermal base for use in a spacecraft, comprising: a component interface plate that is configured to provide a mounting surface for spacecraft components, a plurality of heat pipes that are thermally coupled to the component interface plate, each heat pipe of the plurality of heat pipes being coupled to a peripheral section of a plurality of peripheral sections of the base, wherein the plurality of heat pipes are arranged on the component interface plate and on the plurality of peripheral sections so as to provide a substantially equal temperature on the component interface plate, regardless of which peripheral section having a coupled heat pipe is facing a source of environmental energy. 2. The base of claim 1, wherein the peripheral sections of the plurality of peripheral sections are arranged substantially symmetrically about a periphery of the base. 3. The base of claim 2, wherein the heat pipes of the plurality of heat pipes each have a common shape. 4. The base of claim 3, wherein the heat pipes are arranged substantially symmetrically on the component interface plate. 5. The base of claim 2, wherein the heat pipes are arranged substantially symmetrically on the component interface plate. 6. The base of claim 1, wherein the heat pipes are arranged substantially symmetrically on the component interface plate. 7. The base of claim 1, wherein the heat pipes of the plurality of heat pipes each have a common shape. 8. The base of claim 1, wherein the base is substantially hexagonal in shape, and the plurality of heat pipes consists of three heat pipes, symmetrically arranged on the base. 9. The base of claim 1, further including a plurality of wall elements that are arranged substantially perpendicular to the base, each wall element being coupled to each of the plurality of heat pipes at the peripheral segment corresponding to each heat pipe. 10. The base of claim 9, wherein each wall element has a common height, and the common height is determined based on a maximum temperature at the component interface plate when any wall element is facing the source of solar energy. 11. The base of claim 10, wherein the common height is also determined based on a maximum power output of the spacecraft components that are mounted on the component interface plate. 12. The base of claim 11, further including a heating component having a power dissipation that is based on the common height and based on a minimum temperature at the component interface plate when none of the wall elements face the source of solar energy. 13. The base of claim 9, wherein each wall element includes ribs that facilitate thermal transfer. 14. The base of claim 9, wherein each wall element includes an interior surface that faces the component interface plate, and an exterior surface that faces away from the component interface plate, and the interior surface is coated to facilitate thermal isolation, and the exterior surface is coated to facilitate heat rejection. 15. The base of claim 1, further including the components that are mounted on the component interface plate, wherein the components that are mounted are coated to facilitate thermal isolation. 16. The base of claim 1, wherein the component interface plate is machined into the base. 17. The base of claim 1, wherein the heat pipes include grooved aluminum extrusions, with ammonia as a working fluid within the heat pipes. 18. The base of claim 1, wherein the periphery segments to which the heat pipes are coupled correspond to surfaces of the spacecraft at which gaps in deployed solar panels occur. 19. A method of assembling a spacecraft module, comprising: selecting components for inclusion in the spacecraft module, selecting a base that is configured to facilitate mounting of the components, determining a maximum power dissipation of the components in an operational environment, selecting walls that are configured to thermally couple to the base, wherein a height of the walls is determined based on a predetermined characterization of the base, and on the power dissipation of the components, and independent of an expected orientation of the spacecraft in the operational environment, and assembling the components and the walls to the base to form the spacecraft module. 20. The method of claim 19, wherein the height of the walls is further determined based on a maximum temperature to which the components are subjected in the operational environment. 21. The method of claim 20, further including determining a required power dissipation by the components to assure a minimum temperature to which the components are subjected in the operational environment, based on the height of the walls, and the predetermined characterization of the base. 22. The method of claim 21 further including selecting a heating component for mounting to the base to provide the required power dissipation to assure the minimum temperature. 23. A spacecraft module comprising: a baseplate that includes: a component interface plate, and a plurality of heatpipes, one or more components mounted on the component interface plate, and a plurality of walls, each wall couple to a corresponding heatpipe of the plurality of heatpipes, wherein the heatpipes are arranged on the baseplate in a symmetric pattern. 24. The spacecraft module of claim 23, wherein the heatpipes are arranged on the component interface plate in a symmetric pattern. 25. The spacecraft module of claim 23, wherein the plurality of heatpipes includes at least three heatpipes. 26. The spacecraft module of claim 23, wherein each wall has a common height, and the height is based on a heat-dissipation of the components. 27. The spacecraft module of claim 26, wherein the height is further based on a worst-case hot condition of the module. 28. The spacecraft module of claim 23, wherein each wall has a common height, and the height is based on a worst-case hot condition of the module. 29. The spacecraft module of claim 23, wherein each wall has a common height, and the components include a heating element having a heating capacity that is based on the height. 30. The spacecraft module of claim 29, wherein the heating capacity is further based on a worst-case cold condition of the module 