The present invention relates to a system and components thereof for intelligently watering an environment. The system comprises at least one sensor for monitoring particular environmental conditions, and at least one electrically powered valve that receives wireless information signals from the sensor and controls a watering device based on the signals. Power control units repeatedly toggle the sensor and valve between powered and unpowered states to conserve energy. The power control units are configured so that the powered states of the sensor and valve overlap in time to make it possible for the valve to receive the wireless information signals from the sensor.
Claims 1. A system for wirelessly monitoring and watering an area, comprising: one or more electrically powered sensors configured to be deployed in the area, each sensor comprising: a probe configured to measure an aspect of the sensor's environment; a transmitter configured to transmit a wireless signal containing measurements received from the probe; and a sensor power control unit configured to repeatedly toggle componentry of the sensor between powered and unpowered states; and one or more electrically powered valves configured to be connected to a network of irrigation conduits deployed in the area, each valve comprising: a fluid inlet; a fluid outlet, a fluid flow path being defined between the inlet and outlet; an electrically actuated flow restrictor movable to selectively open or close the flow path; a receiver configured to receive the wireless signals sent from the one or more sensors; and a valve power control unit configured to repeatedly toggle componentry of the receiver between powered and unpowered states; wherein at least one sensor power control unit and at least one valve power control unit are configured to produce overlaps of the powered states of their associated sensor and valve so that the valve's receiver can receive wireless signals from the sensor's transmitter during the overlapping powered states. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein each valve is configured to receive and act upon wireless signals only from one or more sensors located within a subregion associated with the valve, the subregion being a portion of the area. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein the sensor power control unit is configured to supply power with a sufficient frequency so that the sensor is powered at least once during a duration of time that the valve power control unit supplies power to the valve. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein the valve power control unit is configured to supply power with a sufficient frequency so that the valve is powered at least once during a duration of time that the sensor power control unit supplies power to the sensor. 5. The system of claim 1, further comprising a controller comprising: a transmitter configured to send wireless control signals to the one or more valves, each valve being configured to move its flow restrictor based on the control signals; and a user interface configured to display information concerning at least some of the valves and/or sensors, and to receive user commands for control of the system. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein a sensor's power control unit is configured to repeatedly toggle the sensor between its powered and unpowered states in a temporal cycle, and to keep the sensor in its powered state less than about 50% of a duration of the cycle. 7. The system of claim 6, wherein the sensor's power control unit is configured to keep the sensor in its powered state less than about 30% of the duration of the cycle. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein a valve's power control unit is configured to repeatedly toggle the valve between its powered and unpowered states in a temporal cycle, and to keep the valve in its powered state less than about 1% of a duration of the cycle. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein the valve's power control unit is configured to keep the valve in its powered state less than about 0.01% of the duration of the cycle. 10. The system of claim 1, wherein each probe is configured to measure at least one aspect selected from the group consisting of soil moisture, temperature, solar radiation, wind, and solar radiation received over a period of time. 11. The system of claim 1, wherein each valve is configured to position its associated flow restrictor at any of a plurality of positions between a completely closed position in which the fluid flow path is completely closed and a completely open position in which the fluid flow path is completely open. 12. The system of claim 1, wherein at least one sensor or valve further comprises a solar cell for collecting and storing solar energy for powering the sensor or valve. 13. The system of claim 1, wherein at least one of the sensor power control units toggles its associated probe between powered and unpowered states. 14. The system of claim 1, wherein at least one of the sensor power control units toggles its associated transmitter between powered and unpowered states. 15. The system of claim 1, wherein at least one of the valve power control units toggles a wireless signal detection unit between powered and unpowered states. 16. A method for wirelessly monitoring and watering an area, comprising: providing a sensor configured to detect an environmental condition and transmit wireless signals associated with the detected condition; providing an electrically powered valve configured to receive the signals and control flow to a watering unit in the area; toggling componentry of the sensor between powered and unpowered states; toggling componentry of the valve between powered and unpowered states; causing time overlaps of the powered states of the sensor and the valve; and sending the signals from the sensor to the valve during the time overlaps. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein toggling comprises repeatedly toggling in a temporal cycle. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein toggling componentry of the valve comprises toggling a wireless signal receiver of the valve between powered and unpowered states, the receiver being toggled with a sufficient frequency so that the receiver is powered at least once during each powered state of the sensor. 19. The method of claim 17, wherein the componentry of the sensor and valve are toggled at substantially the same frequency. 20. The method of claim 17, further comprising substantially synchronizing the powered states of the sensor and the valve. 21. The method of claim 16, wherein toggling componentry of the sensor between powered and unpowered states comprises toggling a wireless signal transmitter between powered and unpowered states. 