A distributed charging system for electric and hybrid electric vehicles includes multiple battery packs of different voltages including high voltage battery packs and one or more low voltage battery packs, each having separate and independent charging systems and multiple sources of electric power. Electric power is distributed from the sources of electric power separately to each of the independent charging systems. A drive system for the electric or hybrid electric vehicle includes a stored energy system made up of these multiple battery packs and a master events controller controlling at least one of a) a traction drive system including a motor and controller for receiving driving electric energy from a stored energy system for propulsion of the vehicle, b), an auxiliary power system for recharging the battery packs and c) a vehicle monitoring and control network for controlling the operation of, and monitoring all bus systems in the vehicle.
Claims 1. A distributed charging system for electric and hybrid electric vehicles comprising: multiple battery packs; said battery packs having separate and independent charging systems; multiple sources of electric power for said independent charging systems; and means for distributing said electric power from said sources of electric power separately to each of said independent charging systems. 2. The distributed charging system of claim 1 wherein said battery packs are of different voltages. 3. The distributed charging system of claim 2 wherein said battery packs are high voltage battery packs. 4. The distributed charging system as in claim 1 further comprising at least one low voltage power pack. 5. The distributed charging system of claim 1 in which the high voltage battery packs are connected in series during motor vehicle operation. 6. The distributed charging system as in claim 1 in which the battery packs are connected in parallel during motor vehicle operation. 7. The distributed charging system of claim 1 in which at least one of said sources of electric power is an onboard auxiliary power unit comprising an internal combustion engine. 8. The distributed charging system of claim 1 in which at least one of said sources of electric power is an off-board power supply. 9. The distributed charging system of claim 1 in which at least one of said sources of electric power is an AC power supply. 10. The distributed charging system of claim 1 in which at least one of said sources of electric power is a DC power supply. 11. The distributed charging system of claim 1 in which power is supplied to each of said battery packs from a mains supply. 12. The distributed charging system of claim 1 in which one of said sources is solar energy. 13. The distributed charging system of claim 1 in which all said sources of electric power are integrated into a single power supply distribution block. 14. The distributed charging system of claim 1 in which each of said independent charging systems has, and is controlled by, its own integrated battery management system. 15. The distributed charging system of claim 14 in which each battery management system is in communication with a vehicle monitoring control system. 16. The distributed charging system of claim 15 in which each battery pack has a thermal management system controlled its respective battery management system. 17. The distributed charging system of claim 1 in which each said battery pack of a battery compartment has associated therewith at least one sub-system requiring a different voltage than that of a main battery voltage for said battery pack, thereby requiring at least one of a lower and/or higher voltage battery compartment for said battery compartment. 18. A drive system in an electric or hybrid electric vehicle comprising: stored energy systems comprising multiple batteries for providing driving electric energy; a traction drive system including a motor, an inverter, controller and dashboard I/O for receiving driving electric energy from said stored energy systems for propulsion of said vehicle; an auxiliary power system for recharging said voltage battery packs within said stored energy systems; a vehicle monitoring and control network for controlling the operation of, and monitoring all bus systems in said vehicle; and, a master event controller interfaced through said vehicle monitoring and control network with each system in said vehicle, said master event controller containing all overall operational software for said vehicle and executing specific commands relating to each of said systems; wherein said vehicle monitoring and control network is configured as a main loop establishing bi-directional communications among the master events controller, the stored energy system, traction drive system and the auxiliary power system. 19. The drive system of claim 18 in which said master event controller has two modes of operation, a drive mode and a stationary mode, said master event controller executing specific commands in each mode to interface with each system, to a driver of the vehicle, and to an off-board system when said vehicle is parked for charging. 20. The drive system of claim 19 in which said auxiliary power system includes one or more of an internal combustion engine, a solar power source, a fuel cell or an AC or DC power source. 21. The drive system of claim 18 further comprising at least one low voltage battery pack for operating accessories within said vehicle. 22. A drive system in an electric or hybrid electric vehicle comprising: a) at least one of: i) stored energy systems comprising multiple batteries for providing driving electric energy; ii) a traction drive system including a motor, inverter, controller and dashboard I/O for receiving driving electric energy from said stored energy systems for propulsion of said vehicle; iii) an auxiliary power system for recharging said voltage battery packs within said stored energy systems; b) a vehicle monitoring and control network for controlling the operation of, and monitoring all bus systems in said vehicle; c) a master event controller interfaced through said vehicle monitoring and control network with each system in said vehicle, said master event controller containing all overall operational software for said vehicle and executing specific commands relating to each of said systems; d) wherein said vehicle monitoring and control network is configured as a main loop establishing bi-directional communications among the master events controller and at least one of said stored energy system, said traction drive system and said auxiliary power system. 23. The drive system of claim 22 in which said master event controller has two modes of operation, a drive mode and a stationary mode, said master event controller executing specific commands in each mode to interface with each system, to a driver of the vehicle, and to an off-board system when said vehicle is parked for charging. 24. The drive system of claim 23 in which said auxiliary power system includes one or more of an internal combustion engine, a solar power source, a fuel cell or an AC or DC power source. 25. The drive system of claim 22 further comprising at least one low voltage battery pack for operating accessories within said vehicle. 26. The drive system of claim 25 in which said master controller further controls at least one additional subsystem. 