This application describes a simplified means to convert Commercial-Off-The-Shelf (COTS) ultra-violet light fluid treatment units (chamber) into an improved advanced oxidation process through a mechanism to efficiently introduce ozone (O.sub.3) into the chamber, converting that chamber into an Advanced Simultaneous Oxidation Process (ASOP.TM.) Reactor. This reactor can be used as a stand-alone fluid treatment device or can be combined with other technologies into an integrated treatment system.
Claims 1. The capability to purify fluids (e.g., drinking water, HVAC distributed air, waste fluid streams, etc.) by simultaneously introducing ozone and UV into the fluid, in such a way as to produce a solution rich in ozone during simultaneous exposure to the UV radiation. This combined ozone and UV device (ASOP.TM.) for treating chemical and biological contaminants in fluids includes the functions: a. Generating ozone employing one or more ozone generator units, either using oxygen from an air-based generator or from a compressed oxygen supply tank, and capable of maintaining a desired concentration of ozone in the reactor vessel b. Compressing the ozone stream to achieve the desired pressure for injection of the ozone into the UV chamber c. Delivering UV radiation to the fluid stream in a specified range of wavelengths (depending on the intended use) using a conventional and available ultra violet fluid treatment unit (UV Reactor) d. Connecting an ozone generator to a diffusion device in the UV Reactor vessel by use of a conduit (hose or pipe) e. Injecting the ozone into the UV Reactor using one or more internal injectors or diffusion devices inside the UV Reactor vessel and connected to the ozone supply through a fluid/gas-tight fitting f. Allowing appropriate reaction time, and time to deplete the ozone by directing the fluid flowing out of the Reactor into a contact tank sized appropriately. 2. The ability to provide automated control for the combined ozone and UV fluid treatment device of claim 1, through the use of electronic sensors and control circuits connected to a programmable logic controller (PLC). The PLC could control such factors as dosage concentrations, rates, and treatment cycles, and could communicate with other parts of a fluid treatment or building security system. Such a controller also could provide system monitoring, both on-site and remotely, and data logging to store and compile reports of operation for later operator/management analysis. 3. The capability to allow treatment of specific characteristics of incoming fluids by integrating the combined ozone and UV fluid treatment device of claim 1, with other pre-treatment units. These units could include screens, particulate filters, carbon beds, minerals for the adjustment of chemical characteristics, electrostatic precipitators, or other devices to physically and chemically prepare the incoming fluid for the treatment process. 4. The capability of integrating the combined ozone and UV fluid treatment device of claim 1, with other treatment components into an integrated fluid treatment system. These other components could include such devices as membrane based units, or a completely integrated system such as is outlined in the related Provisional Patent Application No. 60,595,270, "Integrated Advanced Simultaneous Oxidation Process (ASOP) to Defeat Chemical, Biological, and Radiological Agents in Aqueous Solutions". 5. The ability to add post-treatment units to the combined ozone and UV fluid treatment device of claim 1, designed to condition the product fluid to meet the specific needs of the user. 6. The ability to integrate the combined ozone and UV fluid treatment device of claim 1, with the options described in claims 2 through 5, or with any combination of those options. 7. The capability of creating a self contained unit incorporating the combined ozone and UV fluid treatment device of claim 1, including power from a portable electric generator (either fossil fuel based or renewable energy based), and mounted in a wheeled vehicle (trailer, van, rail car, or truck) or any suitable vessel for mobile deployment and operation. 8. The capability of creating packaged systems to be integrated with building or vehicle HVAC systems to clean the incoming air stream or to clean exhaust air from laboratories, factories, vehicles or other sources of air pollution. 9. The ability to mount the combined ozone and UV fluid treatment device of claim 1, in a surface or undersea vessel to provide shipboard potable water, decontaminate wastewater, or to provide protection from air borne threat agents in the HVAC systems. 10. The capability of configuring the combined ozone and UV fluid treatment device of claim 1, as a skid mounted, self-contained unit, designed for air, rail, water vessel, or truck transport and delivery. 11. The ability to configure the combined ozone and UV fluid treatment device of claim 1, for use of solar radiation to provide the Ultra Violet radiation to the reactor chamber. 