A supplement blind enhancement for a window blind includes a plurality of enhancing blades positioned between every two adjacent slats of the window blind, a control system having a control slider, a blade controller extended from the control slider to slidably shift the control slider between a light shading position and a light enhancing position, and an elongated element extended from the control slider to engage with the enhancing blades. At the light shading position, the control slider is driven to slide the enhancing blades suspendedly disposed between the slats in an alternating manner for substantially blocking sunlight passing through a gap between each two slats, and at the light enhancing position, the control slider is driven to slide that each of the enhancing blades to overlap with the respective slat for allowing the sunlight passing through the gap between each two slats.
Claims 1. A window blind, comprising: a top support adapted for supporting at a window ceiling; a bottom support spacedly disposed underneath said top support; a plurality of slats spacedly disposed between said top and bottom support; a folding unit comprising a pulley system supported by said top support and an elongated cord having a lifting portion extended from said top support to engage with said pulley system and a folding portion extended from said top support to said bottom support to suspendedly support said slats in such a manner that when said lifting portion of said elongated cord is pulled from said top support, said bottom support is lifted up towards said top support to overlap with said slats between said top and bottom supports; and a supplement blind enhancement, which comprises: a plurality of enhancing blades disposed between said top and bottom supports, wherein each of said enhancing blades is positioned between every two adjacent said slats; a control system comprising a control slider slidably mounted at said top support, a blade controller extended from said control slider to slidably shift said control enhancing blades between a light shading position and a light enhancing position, and two elongated elements extended from said control slider to engage with two end portions of each of said enhancing blades respectively, wherein at said light shading position, said control slider is driven to slide that said enhancing blades are suspendedly disposed between said slats in an alternating manner for substantially blocking sunlight passing through a gap between each two said slats, and at said light enhancing position, said control slider is driven to slide that each of said enhancing blades to overlap with said respective slat for allowing said sunlight passing through said gap between each to said slats. 2. The window blind, as recited in claim 1, wherein said control slider comprises two tackles spacedly and slidably mounted at said top support to connect with said elongated elements respectively such that when said blade controller drives said two tackles to slide along said top support at one direction, said enhancing blades are overlapped with said slats for allowing said sunlight passing through said gaps between said slats, and when said blade controller drives said two tackles to slide along said top support at an opposed direction, said enhancing blades are suspendedly disposed between said slats for substantially blocking sunlight passing through said gap between two said slats. 3. The window blind, as recited in claim 2, wherein said top support comprises an axial shaft extending longitudinally that said two tackles are guided to slide along said axial shaft to move said control enhancing blades between said light shading position and said light enhancing position. 4. The window blind, as recited in claim 2, wherein said control slider further comprises a reinforcement arm extended between said two tackles to retain said two tackles at a predetermined distance such that said blade controller drives said two tackles to slide on said top support in a synchronizing manner. 5. The window blind, as recited in claim 3, wherein said control slider further comprises a reinforcement arm extended between said two tackles to retain said two tackles at a predetermined distance such that said blade controller drives said two tackles to slide on said top support in a synchronizing manner. 6. The window blind, as recited in claim 2, further comprising a distributing system comprising a plurality of sliding pins transversely and spacedly provided at said top support, wherein said sliding pins guide said elongated elements to connect with said blade controller for minimizing a friction force of each of said elongated element when said elongated element slides on said sliding pins. 7. The window blind, as recited in claim 4, further comprising a distributing system comprising a plurality of sliding pins transversely and spacedly provided at said top support, wherein said sliding pins guide said elongated elements to connect with said blade controller for minimizing a friction force of each of said elongated element when said elongated element slides on said sliding pins. 8. The window blind, as recited in claim 5, further comprising a distributing system comprising a plurality of sliding pins transversely and spacedly provided at said top support, wherein said sliding pins guide said elongated elements to connect with said blade controller for minimizing a friction force of each of said elongated element when said elongated element slides on said sliding pins. 9. The window blind, as recited in claim 6, wherein said distributing system further comprises a positioning pin transversely provided at said top support at a position next to one of said sliding pins, wherein one of said elongated elements is guided to slide on said positioning pin and is detoured to connect with said respective tackle. 10. The window blind, as recited in claim 7, wherein said distributing system further comprises a positioning pin transversely provided at said top support at a position next to one of said sliding pins, wherein one of said elongated elements is guided to slide on said positioning pin and is detoured to connect with said respective tackle. 11. The window blind, as recited in claim 1, wherein said blade controller comprises a lift cord having an affixing end extended from said control slider and an opposed free end which is extended out of said top support and is arranged in such a manner that when said lift cord is pulled away from said top support, each of said enhancing blades is lifted up to overlap underneath said respective slat for allowing said sunlight passing through said gap between each to said slats. 12. The window blind, as recited in claim 6, wherein said blade controller comprises a lift cord having an affixing end extended from said control slider and an opposed free end which is extended out of said top support and is arranged in such a manner that when said lift cord is pulled away from said top support, each of said enhancing blades is lifted up to overlap underneath said respective slat for allowing said sunlight passing through said gap between each to said slats. 13. The window blind, as recited in claim 8, wherein said blade controller comprises a lift cord having an affixing end extended from said control slider and an opposed free end which is extended out of said top support and is arranged in such a manner that when said lift cord is pulled away from said top support, each of said enhancing blades is lifted up to overlap underneath said respective slat for allowing said sunlight passing through said gap between each to said slats. 14. The window blind, as recited in claim 11, wherein said blade controller further comprises a locking arrangement for locking said control slider in said light enhancing position, wherein said locking arrangement comprises a lock housing provided at said top support, a stationary roller rotatably supported in said lock housing that said lift cord is slid on said stationary roller to control said control slider, and two floating gears movably disposed in said lock housing, wherein when said lift cord is pulled to lift up said enhancing blades, said two floating gears are locked up with each other within said lock housing to substantially lock up a sliding movement of said lift cord on said stationary roller so as to lock up said control slider in said light enhancing position, and when said lift cord drives said two floating gears freely to move within said lock housing, said lift cord is allowed to freely slide on said stationary roller so as to release said sliding movement of said blade controller. 15. The window blind, as recited in claim 12, wherein said blade controller further comprises a locking arrangement for locking said control slider in said light enhancing position, wherein said locking arrangement comprises a lock housing provided at said top support, a stationary roller rotatably supported in said lock housing that said lift cord is slid on said stationary roller to control said control slider, and two floating gears movably disposed in said lock housing, wherein when said lift cord is pulled to lift up said enhancing blades, said two floating gears are locked up with each other within said lock housing to substantially lock up a sliding movement of said lift cord on said stationary roller so as to lock up said control slider in said light enhancing position, and when said lift cord drives said two floating gears freely to move within said lock housing, said lift cord is allowed to freely slide on said stationary roller so as to release said sliding movement of said blade controller. 16. The window blind, as recited in claim 13, wherein said blade controller further comprises a locking arrangement for locking said control slider in said light enhancing position, wherein said locking arrangement comprises a lock housing provided at said top support, a stationary roller rotatably supported in said lock housing that said lift cord is slid on said stationary roller to control said control slider, and two floating gears movably disposed in said lock housing, wherein when said lift cord is pulled to lift up said enhancing blades, said two floating gears are locked up with each other within said lock housing to substantially lock up a sliding movement of said lift cord on said stationary roller so as to lock up said control slider in said light enhancing position, and when said lift cord drives said two floating gears freely to move within said lock housing, said lift cord is allowed to freely slide on said stationary roller so as to release said sliding movement of said blade controller. 17. The window blind, as recited in claim 11, wherein said blade controller further comprises a locking arrangement for locking said control slider in said light enhancing position, wherein said locking arrangement, which is adapted for mounting on a sidewall of a window frame, comprises a locker body and a locking lever which is fastened to said free end of said lift cord and is arranged when said locking lever is pulled pivotally and downwardly to engage with said locker body, said lift cord is pulled to lift up said enhancing blades. 18. The window blind, as recited in claim 12, wherein said blade controller further comprises a locking arrangement for locking said control slider in said light enhancing position, wherein said locking arrangement, which is adapted for mounting on a sidewall of a window frame, comprises a locker body and a locking lever which is fastened to said free end of said lift cord and is arranged when said locking lever is pulled pivotally and downwardly to engage with said locker body, said lift cord is pulled to lift up said enhancing blades. 19. The window blind, as recited in claim 13, wherein said blade controller further comprises a locking arrangement for locking said control slider in said light enhancing position, wherein said locking arrangement, which is adapted for mounting on a sidewall of a window frame, comprises a locker body and a locking lever which is fastened to said free end of said lift cord and is arranged when said locking lever is pulled pivotally and downwardly to engage with said locker body, said lift cord is pulled to lift up said enhancing blades. 20. The window blind, as recited in claim 11, wherein said blade controller further comprises a locking arrangement for locking said control slider in said light enhancing position, wherein said locking arrangement comprises a motor adapted for mounting on a sidewall of a window frame, and a driving lever driven by said motor for pivotally folding on said sidewall of said window frame, wherein said free end of said lift cord is fastened to said driving lever and is arranged when said driving lever is driven to move pivotally and downwardly by said motor, said lift cord is pulled to lift up said enhancing blades. 21. The window blind, as recited in claim 12, wherein said blade controller further comprises a locking arrangement for locking said control slider in said light enhancing position, wherein said locking arrangement comprises a motor adapted for mounting on a sidewall of a window frame, and a driving lever driven by said motor for pivotally folding on said sidewall of said window frame, wherein said free end of said lift cord is fastened to said driving lever and is arranged when said driving lever is driven to move pivotally and downwardly by said motor, said lift cord is pulled to lift up said enhancing blades. 22. The window blind, as recited in claim 13, wherein said blade controller further comprises a locking arrangement for locking said control slider in said light enhancing position, wherein said locking arrangement comprises a motor adapted for mounting on a sidewall of a window frame, and a driving lever driven by said motor for pivotally folding on said sidewall of said window frame, wherein said free end of said lift cord is fastened to said driving lever and is arranged when said driving lever is driven to move pivotally and downwardly by said motor, said lift cord is pulled to lift up said enhancing blades. 23. The window blind, as recited in claim 1, wherein said control slider comprises a sliding block slidably disposed at said top support, said blade controller comprises a unidirectional gear wheel supported by said top and laterally disposed with respect to said control slider, wherein a lift cord is extended from one side of said control slider and is reeled onto an axis of said unidirectional gear wheel for driving said unidirectional gear wheel into rotation, such than when a free end of said lift cord is pulled to drive said unidirectional gear wheel rotate at one dirction, said sliding block is capable of being laterally shifted along said top support enabling said enhancing blades are overlapped with said slats for allowing said sunlight passing through said gaps between said slats, and when said unidirectional gear wheel is rotated at an opposed direction, said enhancing blades are suspendedly disposed between said slats for substantially blocking sunlight passing through said gap between two said slats. 24. The window blind, as recited in claim 23, wherein said blade controller further comprises a rotation stopper engaged with said unidirectional gear wheel for preventing said unidirectional gear wheel rotated at said opposed direction. 25. The window blind, as recited in claim 24, wherein said rotation stopper comprises a stopper housing supported at said top support, a retractable probe upwardly projected from said stopper housing for engaging with said unidirectional gear wheel, a resilient member disposed within said stopper housing for biasing said retractable probe projected upwardly, and a release cord coupled to said resilient member for disengaging said resilient member from sustaining said retractable probe. 26. The window blind, as recited in claim 25, wherein each tooth of said unidirectional gear wheel is identically curve-shaped, each of which has a curved sliding side and a stopping side, and said retractable probe is triangle shaped having a vertical plane and an inclined plane, wherein each said sliding side is adapted to be subsequently engage with said inclined plane of said retractable probe, and said vertical plane is adapted to prevent said unidirectional gear wheel from rotating in said opposed direction, such that when said lift cord is pulled, said retractable probe is capable of automatically and constantly securing said unidirectional gear wheel in position so as to hold a shading status unchanged. 27. The window blind, as recited in claim 23, further comprising an electrical motor for selectively driving said unidirectional gear wheel rotating between a clockwise and a counter-clockwise manner. 28. The window blind, as recited in claim 20, further comprising a solar panel provided at said top support for electrically charging said motor. 29. The window blind, as recited in claim 27, further comprising a solar panel provided at said top support for electrically charging said motor. 