Disclosed is a maximum power point tracking charge controller for double layer capacitors intended for uses with non-ideal power sources such as photovoltaics.
Claims 1. A energy system comprising a photovoltaic array, energy storage system, and a charge controller, wherein: said energy storage system is comprised of a least one electric double layer capacitor; and said charge controller is electrically interposed between said photovoltaic array and said electric double layer capacitor(s); and wherein said charge controller comprises a DC-DC switched-mode converter, a photovoltaic maximum power-point tracking algorithm, and a capacitor constant-power charging algorithm; and wherein the conversion ratio of the DC-DC converter is adjusted by the aforementioned algorithms, whereby the electric double layer capacitor(s) are constant-power charged as regulated by said DC-DC converter, while simultaneously the photovoltaic array power is maintained within a margin of the maximum power-point by said DC-DC converter. 2. The DC-DC converter circuit of claim 1, wherein the DC-DC switched-mode converter provides both said maximum power point tracking and said constant power charging functionality with a single DC-DC converter circuit. 3. The DC-DC converter circuit of claim 1, wherein the DC-DC switch-mode converter topology is comprised of one of the group: boost, buck, buck-boost, Cuk, SEPIC, ZETA, series connected boost converter, series connected buck converter, series connected buck-boost converter, and bidirectional buck-boost converters. 4. The DC-DC converter circuit of claim 3 where two or more topologies are cascaded, including the topologies from the group: boost-buck cascaded converters, buck-boost cascaded converters, boost-cascaded-by-buck converters (BoCBB), buck-cascaded-by-boost converters (BuCBB), buck-interleaved-boost-buck converters (BuIBB), boost-interleaved-boost-buck converters (BoIBB), and superimposed buck-boost converters (BuSBB & BOSBB). 5. The DC-DC converter circuit of claim 1, wherein the DC-DC switch-mode converter is comprised of multiple parallel connected DC-DC converter phases or legs, whereby the individual power requirements of each converter is reduced. 6. The DC-DC switch-mode converter circuit of claim 1, wherein the DC-DC switch-mode converter switch timing is adjusted by pulse modulation electrically connected to the switching elements, wherein the pulse modulation method is selected from the group: pulse frequency modulation, current limited minimum-off-time pulse frequency modulation, power-mode pulse width modulation, current-mode pulse width modulation, current-mode pulse width modulation with slope compensation, and pulse width modulation with pulse skipping at low power load. 7. The DC-DC switch-mode converter circuit of claim 1, wherein the feedback to the pulse modulation logic may consist one from the group: voltage and current feedback on the double layer capacitor side of the DC-DC converter, voltage and current feedback on the source side of the DC-DC converter, voltage and current feedback on both sides of the DC-DC converter, and current feedback on the double layer capacitor side. 8. The maximum power point tracking algorithm of claim 1, wherein the algorithm is comprised of at least one the group: perturb and observe, incremental conductance, open-voltage and calculate, short circuit current and calculate, scan and compare, interrupt and scan, nonlinear optimization, neural network, and fuzzy logic. 9. The maximum power point tracking algorithm of claim 8, wherein the maximum power point tracking algorithm is comprised of interrupt and scan together with one of the other algorithms from said group, wherein the other algorithm provides localized tracking after the region of the maximum power point is located. 10. The capacitor constant-power charging algorithm and maximum power point tracking algorithm of claim 1, wherein the voltage and current feedback from said capacitor are multiplied to give a power feedback signal, which is then perturbed by the maximum power point tracking algorithm to generate an error signal to drive the pulse modulation of said DC-DC switch-mode converter. 11. The error signal of claim 10, wherein the error signal is further altered by one or more of: scaling factor, numerical function, or offset voltage. 12. The capacitor constant-power charging algorithm and maximum power point tracking algorithm of claim 1, wherein the voltage and current feedback from said photovoltaic array are multiplied to give a power feedback signal, which is then perturbed by the maximum power point tracking algorithm to generate an error signal that alters the capacitor DC-DC converter power feedback signal, as calculated from the multiplication of the capacitor voltage and charge current, driving the pulse modulation of said DC-DC switch-mode converter. 13. The charge controller of claim 1, wherein controller also contains one or more of voltage or current power conditioning circuitry to condition the electricity for the end-use load. 14. The power conditioning circuitry of claim 13, wherein the power conditioning comprises one or more of: linear regulator, switch-mode regulator, or AC inverter. 15. A energy system comprising a non-ideal power source, energy storage system, and a charge controller, wherein: said non-ideal power source has an I-V curve exhibiting a maximum power point; and said energy storage system is comprised of a least one electric double layer capacitor; and said charge controller is electrically interposed between said photovoltaic array and said electric double layer capacitor(s); and wherein said charge controller comprises a DC-DC switched-mode converter, a photovoltaic maximum power-point tracking algorithm, and a capacitor constant-power charging algorithm; and wherein the conversion ratio of the DC-DC converter is adjusted by the aforementioned algorithms, whereby the electric double layer capacitor(s) are constant-power charged as regulated by said DC-DC converter, while simultaneously the non-ideal power source power is maintained within a margin of the maximum power-point by said DC-DC converter. 16. The non-ideal power source of claim 15, wherein the non-ideal power source in comprised of at least one of the group: photovoltaic(s), wind turbine(s), fuel cell(s), turbine(s), internal combustion engine(s), and sterling engine(s). 17. The power source and DC-DC converter circuit of claim 15, wherein the system has a multiplicity of power sources each with its own DC-DC converter, electrically connected on the double layer capacitor side of the converters, wherein the DC-DC converters conversion ratios are coordinated such that the output voltages of the individual converters are equal and the currents are additive. 