A self-contained surveillance unit includes a climb-resistant tower and a heavy, but portable, base supporting the tower. The tower has various components affixed thereto. All components sufficient for operation of the surveillance unit, including observation, wireless-communication and self-powering components, are located on the tower well above the ground at a height sufficient to render them difficult to access from the ground. At least one such self-contained surveillance unit may form part of a surveillance communications network in which the network also has one or more central transmitting and receiving sites having monitoring facilities.
Claims 1. A self-contained surveillance unit, comprising a climb-resistant tower, a heavy, but portable, base supporting the tower, the tower having various components affixed thereto, wherein all components sufficient for operation of the surveillance unit, including observation, wireless-communication and self-powering components, are located on the tower well above the ground at a height sufficient to render them difficult to access from the ground. 2. A self-contained surveillance unit according to claim 1 wherein the base does not penetrate the ground. 3. A self-contained surveillance unit according to claim 1 wherein the weight of the base is transportable by suitable heavy equipment but is sufficiently heavy to discourage manual movement. 4. A self-contained surveillance unit according to claim 1 wherein the base is a mobile trailer. 5. A self-contained surveillance unit according to claim 1 wherein the tower is a telescoping tubular tower. 6. A self-contained surveillance unit according to claim 5 wherein the tower is a tilt-over telescoping tubular tower. 7. A self-contained surveillance unit according to claim 1 wherein the tower is a lattice tower having coverings to discourage climbing. 8. A self-contained surveillance unit according to claim 7 wherein the tower is a telescoping lattice tower. 9. A self-contained surveillance unit according to claim 1 wherein the self-powering components include solar power components. 10. A self-contained surveillance unit according to claim 1 wherein the observation components include one or more video cameras, still cameras, microphones, motion detectors, and lights. 11. A self-contained surveillance unit according to claim 1 wherein the wireless communication components communicate wirelessly with one or more transmitting and receiving sites that include monitoring facilities. 12. A self-contained surveillance unit according to claim 1 wherein the wireless communication components include a transmitter for sending observation information. 13. A self-contained surveillance unit according to claim 12 wherein the wireless communication components include a receiver for receiving information for controlling one or more observation components. 14. A self-contained surveillance unit according to claim 1 wherein: the self-powering components include solar power components, the observation components include one or more video cameras, still cameras, microphones, motion detectors, and lights, and the wireless communication components communicate wirelessly with one or more transmitting and receiving sites that include monitoring facilities. 15. A self-contained surveillance unit according to claim 1 wherein: the self-powering components include solar power components, the observation components include one or more video cameras, still cameras, microphones, motion detectors, and lights, and the wireless communication components include a transmitter for sending observation information. 16. A self-contained surveillance unit according to claim 1 wherein: the self-powering components include solar power components, the observation components include one or more video cameras, still cameras, microphones, motion detectors, and lights, and the wireless communication components include a transmitter for sending observation information and a receiver for receiving information for controlling one or more observation components. 17. A surveillance communications network, comprising one or more surveillance units, and one or more central transmitting and receiving sites having monitoring facilities, wherein at least one surveillance unit is a self-contained surveillance unit in accordance with claim 1. 18. A surveillance communications network in accordance with claim 17 in which the network is local network that is a part of wide-area network, the Internet, whereby monitoring access is available at locations other than said one or more central transmitting and receiving sites. 19. A surveillance communications network in accordance with claim 17 in which at least one central site includes one or more of: computers with monitors for use by human operators, and a device for recording video images from surveillance units. 20. A surveillance communications network in accordance with claim 17 in which at least one central site sends information or instructions to ones of the remote surveillance units either automatically or under the control of one or more human operators. 21. A surveillance communications network in accordance with claim 20 in which the information or instructions turn various observation components on or off or change their direction of observation. 