A fiber optic panel illuminated mailbox having a solar energy collection system and a control circuit which illuminates a light emitting diode which feeds a fiber optic panel. The fiber optic panel is placed behind cutouts which represent address numbers in order to provide mailbox address location during nighttime hours. The control circuitry turns on the light emitting diode during nighttime hours and charges batteries during daytime hours. The fiber optic panel illuminated mailbox is a self contained illuminated mailbox address number identification system which does not require external wiring.
Claims 1. A fiber optic panel illuminated mailbox comprising: a mailbox having a mounting post mounted with said mailbox, said mounting post having one or more cutouts through which light may transmit; and a solar cell electrically connected through a control circuitry to a battery; and a light emitting diode electrically connected with said control circuitry and powered by said battery; and a fiber optic panel mounted substantially behind said one or more cutouts, said fiber optic panel fed by a fiber optic bundle which is physically connected with said light emitting diode; and said control circuitry capable of sensing nighttime whereby said light emitting diode is turned on thereby illuminating said fiber optic panel and making said one or more cutouts visible during nighttime. 2. The fiber optic panel illuminated mailbox as set forth in claim 1 whereby: said mounting post has a substantially triangular cross section and said single fiber optic panel is mounted on a first wall of the triangular cross section with said one or more cutouts placed opposite on one or more other walls of the triangular cross section. 3. The fiber optic panel illuminated mailbox as set forth in claim 1 whereby: said cutouts have the form of one or more numbers which represent the address of said mailbox. 4. The fiber optic panel illuminated mailbox as set forth in claim 2 whereby: said cutouts have the form of one or more numbers which represent the address of said mailbox. 5. The fiber optic panel illuminated mailbox as set forth in claim 1 whereby: said control circuitry comprises a diode through which said solar cell is electrically connected with said battery; and a cathode of said solar cell connected through a voltage divider to a base of a first transistor; and a second transistor having a base electrically connected with said battery through a bias resistor and electrically connected with said first transistor whereby if said first transistor is not biased on, current flows through the base of said second transistor; and a collector of said second transistor electrically connected with a cathode of said light emitting diode through a current limiting resistor and an emitter of said second transistor connected with a common ground; and an anode of said light emitting diode electrically connected with said battery, whereby whenever said second transistor is biased on, current flows from said battery, through said light emitting diode through said current limiting resistor, through said second transistor collector-emitter path to common ground. 6. The fiber optic panel illuminated mailbox as set forth in claim 1 whereby: said solar cell is mounted with a housing whereby sunlight may illuminate said solar cell; and said control circuitry, battery, and light emitting diode mounted within said housing whereby said fiber optic panel is placed through a mounting opening within said mounting post and said housing is mounted on said mounting post over said mounting opening. 7. The fiber optic panel illuminated mailbox as set forth in claim 6 further comprising: a panel base mounted with said housing upon which said fiber optic panel is mounted. 8. A fiber optic panel illuminated mailbox comprising: a mailbox having a mounting post; and one or more identifying cutouts within said mailbox or said post; and one or more fiber optic panels mounted behind said cutouts; and a solar cell, a battery, one or more light emitting diodes connected with said fiber optic panels, and a control circuitry, said control circuitry capable of charging said battery from power supplied by said solar cell and further capable of illuminating said light emitting diode during nighttime hours. 9. A fiber optic panel illuminated mailbox comprising: a mailbox having a mounting post; and a control circuit, a solar cell, and a battery charged by said solar cell through said control circuitry; and an illumination source powered by said battery and controlled by said control circuit, said illumination source feeding a fiber optic panel; and said fiber optic panel formed and positioned to represent address numbers of said mailbox whereby said control circuit illuminates said fiber optic panel during nighttime. 10. The fiber optic panel illuminated mailbox as set forth in claim 9 whereby: said mailbox is substantially triangular in cross section and said mounting post is substantially triangular and hollow in cross section. 11. The fiber optic panel illuminated mailbox as set forth in claim 10 whereby: said fiber optic panel is positioned behind one or more cutouts within said mounting post whereby said address numbers are represented by an illumination from said fiber optic panel shining through said one or more cutouts. 12. The fiber optic panel illuminated mailbox as set forth in claim 11 whereby: said control circuit comprises a diode through which said solar cell is electrically connected with said battery; and a cathode of said solar cell connected through a voltage divider to a base of a first transistor; and a second transistor having a base electrically connected with said battery through a bias resistor and electrically connected with said first transistor whereby if said first transistor is not biased on, current flows through the base of said second transistor; and a collector of said second transistor electrically connected with a cathode of said light emitting diode through a current limiting resistor and an emitter of said second transistor connected with a common ground; and an anode of said light emitting diode electrically connected with said battery, whereby whenever said second transistor is biased on, current flows from said battery, through said light emitting diode through said current limiting resistor, through said second transistor collector-emitter path to common ground. 