An automated animal deterrent apparatus for mounting to a culvert, the apparatus includes attached weatherproof housings to protect its other components; a passive infrared sensor to detect pest animals within a detection zone; a siren to produce noise; a scent releasing assembly to emit an odor; a strobe light to produce light flashes; a solar panel and battery to power the apparatus; and a tube and clamp assembly for attaching the apparatus to the end of a culvert.
Claims 1. An animal deterrent apparatus comprising: a sensor capable of detecting passive infrared radiation emitted by an animal present within the sensor's detection zone; a strobe light in electrical communication with the sensor, the strobe light for emitting light flashes upon being activated by the sensor; a siren in electrical communication with the sensor, the siren for emitting sound upon being activated by the sensor; and a culvert mounting assembly for releasably securing the apparatus to a culvert. 2. The animal deterrent apparatus of claim 1, wherein said culvert mounting assembly comprises: a clamping device; and a mounting member for connecting the clamping device to the rest of the apparatus. 3. The animal deterrent apparatus of claim 1, wherein said sensor comprises a passive infrared heat and motion sensor. 4. The beaver deterrent apparatus of claim 3, wherein said sensor further comprises the following adjustable settings: a first setting which adjusts the sensitivity of said sensor to passive infrared heat and motion; a second setting which adjusts the sensitivity of said sensor to sunlight, whereby the second setting regulates operability of said sensor based upon the level of sunlight present; and a third setting which adjusts the duration of time for which said siren and said strobe light will remain active. 5. The animal deterrent apparatus of claim 3, wherein said sensor further comprises a resettable counter for counting the number of times that said sensor is actuated. 6. The animal deterrent apparatus of claim 1, wherein said apparatus further comprises a power source consisting of either: a battery; or a solar panel in electrical communication with a battery, wherein the solar panel captures sunlight and converts it to electricity to be stored in the battery. 7. The animal deterrent apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a scent releasing assembly in electrical communication with the sensor, the scent releasing assembly for emitting scent upon being activated by the sensor; 8. The animal deterrent apparatus of claim 7, wherein said scent releasing assembly comprises: a reservoir containing a scented fluid; a solenoid for regulating release of the scented fluid from the reservoir; and a nozzle for dispersing the fluid into the environment. 9. An animal deterrent apparatus adapted for mounting to a culvert, the apparatus comprising: a sensor capable of detecting passive infrared radiation emitted by an animal present within a detection zone; a siren in electrical communication with the sensor, the siren for emitting sound upon being activated by the sensor; a strobe light in electrical communication with the sensor, the strobe light for emitting light flashes upon being activated by the sensor; a first housing within which the siren and strobe light are disposed; a second housing within which the sensor is disposed, the second housing being pivotably attached to the first housing to allow adjustment of the sensor's detection zone; and a culvert mounting assembly for releasably securing the apparatus to a culvert. 10. The animal deterrent apparatus of claim 9, wherein said culvert mounting assembly comprises: a clamping device; and a mounting member for connecting the clamping device to the rest of the apparatus. 11. The animal deterrent apparatus of claim 9, wherein said sensor comprises a passive infrared heat and motion sensor. 12. The beaver deterrent apparatus of claim 11, wherein said sensor further comprises the following adjustable settings: a first setting which adjusts the sensitivity of said sensor to passive infrared heat and motion; a second setting which adjusts the sensitivity of said sensor to sunlight, whereby the second setting regulates operability of said sensor based upon the level of sunlight present; and a third setting which adjusts the duration of time for which said siren and said strobe light will remain active. 13. The animal deterrent apparatus of claim 11, wherein said sensor further comprises a resettable counter for counting the number of times that said sensor is actuated. 14. The animal deterrent apparatus of claim 9, wherein said apparatus further comprises a power source consisting of either: a battery; or a solar panel in electrical communication with a battery, wherein the solar panel captures sunlight and converts it to electricity to be stored in the battery. 15. The animal deterrent apparatus of claim 9, further comprising a scent releasing assembly in electrical communication with the sensor, the scent releasing means for emitting scent upon being activated by the sensor; 16. The animal deterrent apparatus of claim 15, wherein said scent releasing assembly comprises: a reservoir containing a scented fluid; a solenoid for regulating release of the scented fluid from the reservoir; and a nozzle for dispersing the fluid into the environment. 