An active anti-theft device for protecting movable property having a computer device, at least one stationary connector, at least one portable connector, at least one sensor, a power source and an alarm is described. The active anti-theft device may also have a key switch, remote control and light. The computer device is the central unit which sends a signal to the other components of the active anti-theft device. The stationary connector attaches to a stationary object. The portable connector(s) and sensor(s) attach to various parts of the movable property. The connectors and sensors connect to the computer device by cable connections, which enable the connector(s) and sensor(s) to be connected to and thereby protect various components of the movable property. If a signal sent by the computer device to a connector or sensor does not return to the computer device as predetermined by a monitoring setup, the alarm sounds indicating that a connection to a component has been broken or disabled.
Claims 1. An active anti-theft device for protecting movable property comprising: a computer device; at least one stationary connector connecting to said computer device by a first connection; at least one portable connector connecting to said computer device by a second connection; at least one sensor connecting to said computer device by a third connection; a power source; and an alarm member, wherein said computer device sends a signal to said at least one stationary connector, said at least one portable connector and said at least one sensor, wherein said alarm member is activated if said signal from said computer device going to said at least one stationary connector, said at least one portable connector or said at least one sensor does not return to said computer device as predetermined by a monitoring setup. 2. The active anti-theft device of claim 1, wherein said power source is a solar panel device or an electric outlet connecting to said computer device by cables or wires, wherein said power source connects to a battery of said movable property which then connects to said computer device or wherein said power source connects directly to said computer device. 3. The active anti-theft device of claim 1, wherein said at least one stationary connector affixes to a stationary object. 4. The active anti-theft device of claim 1, wherein said at least one portable connector connects to at least one component of said movable property. 5. The active anti-theft device of claim 4, wherein said at least one component of said movable property has an opening that said at least one portable connector can be inserted through and secured therein. 6. The active anti-theft device of claim 1, wherein said at least one sensor connects to at least one component of said movable property. 7. The active anti-theft device of claim 6, wherein said third connection comprises a first end of a first member connecting to said computer device, a second end of said first member connecting to said at least one sensor on said component of said movable property, a first end of a second member connecting to said computer device, a second end of said second member connecting to said sensor on said component of said movable property, wherein said third connection creates a loop for said signal from said computer device to be sent to said sensor and then return to said computer device, wherein said alarm member is activated if said signal does not return to said computer device as predetermined by said monitoring setup, thereby indicating that said third connection has been detached, cut or disturbed. 8. The active anti-theft device of claim 6, wherein said at least one component of said movable property is a door or a battery compartment door. 9. The active anti-theft device of claim 1, further comprising a key switch connecting to said computer device by a fourth connection, wherein said key switch activates and deactivates said anti-theft device. 10. The active anti-theft device of claim 9, wherein said fourth connection comprises a first end of a first member connecting to a battery of said movable property, a second end of said first member connecting to said key switch, a first end of a second member connecting to said key switch, a second end of said second member connecting to said computer device, a first end of a third member connecting to said computer device and a second end of said third member connecting to said battery of said movable property, wherein activation of said key switch provides power to said active anti-theft device, wherein said alarm member is activated if said signal does not return to said computer device as predetermined by said monitoring setup, thereby indicating that said fourth connection has been detached, cut or disturbed. 11. The active anti-theft device of claim 9, wherein said key switch operates by a remote control. 12. The active anti-theft device of claim 1, wherein each of said at least one stationary connector and said at least one portable connector comprises: a housing having a body, a first end and a second end; a wire inside of said housing; a first end cap on said first end of said housing; and a connection attachment member in or on said first end cap, wherein a first end of said wire connects to a first side of said connection attachment member, said wire extends through an inside of said body of said housing to said second end of said housing, wherein said wire secures to a catch member therein, said wire therein extends through said inside of said body of said housing to said first end of said housing and wherein said second end of said wire connects to said first side of said connection attachment member. 13. The active anti-theft device of claim 12, wherein a first end of a connection member attaches to said computer device and a second end of said connection member attaches to a second side of said connection attachment member thereby forming said first connection of said at least one stationary connector. 14. The active anti-theft device of claim 12, wherein a first end of a connection member attaches to said computer device and a second end of said connection member attaches to a second side of said connection attachment member thereby forming said second connection of said at least one portable connector. 15. The active anti-theft device of claim 12, wherein said at least one portable connector further comprises a second end cap on said second end of said housing, wherein said catch member is positioned on an inside of said second end cap. 16. The active anti-theft device of claim 15, wherein said first end cap and said second end cap of said at least one portable connector have a diameter or width greater than a diameter or width of said body of said housing. 17. The active anti-theft device of claim 12, wherein said connection attachment member is a telephone jack receiver. 18. The active anti-theft device of claim 1, wherein at least one of said first connection, said second connection and/or said third connection is a telephone cable. 19. The active anti-theft device of claim 1, wherein at least one of said first connection, said second connection and/or said third connection is a wireless connection means. 20. The active anti-theft device of claim 1, wherein said computer device connects to a battery of said movable property by a first cable means and wherein said battery connects to said power source by a second cable means. 21. The active anti-theft device of claim 1, wherein said movable property is a boat, an automobile, a motorcycle, a camper, a motor home, a plane, a trailer, a bicycle, or heavy machinery. 22. The active anti-theft device of claim 1, wherein said alarm member comprises a siren and/or a light. 