The present invention relates to a sunshade with an illuminating device including a biased-arranging post and a canopy assembly having a upright central short pole (17) carrying a rib-mounting member, a runner, electric wiring and winding line; the rib-mounting member (16) mounted on top of a central short pole (17); a plurality of ribs (14) each having an upper end hinged on the rib-mounting member (16); a runner (18) slide-ably mounted on the central short pole (17) of the canopy assembly; a plurality of stretchers (15) each having an upper end pivotally connected to an intermediate portion of an associated rib and a lower end pivotally connected to the runner (18); a fabric covering surface supported by a plurality of ribs (14) forming a canopy of umbrella. An automated opening and closing system includes a motor, a transmission, a line-winding shaft, a pulley system, and a cable system; a pulley system is coupled to an electric motor, a switch (33) is electrically connected between a power-supply unit (22) and an electric motor; a main light member (32) is fixed at the bottom end of the central positioned short pole (17) of the canopy and energized by a self-contained power source. A cantilever connects with the biased post (11) as a radius rod suspends and supports the canopy assembly.
Claims 1. A sunshade with an illuminating device comprising: a biased-arranging post; a canopy assembly having an upright central short pole carrying a rib-mounting member, a runner, electric wiring; a rib-mounting member mounted on top of the central short pole; a plurality of ribs each having an upper end hinged on the rib-mounting member; the runner slide-ably mounted on the central short pole of the canopy assembly; a plurality of stretchers each having an upper end pivotally connected to an intermediate portion of the associated rib and a lower end pivotally connected to the runner; a fabric covering surface supported by the ribs forming a canopy of umbrella; a main light member energized by a self-contained power source; and a cantilever, which connects with the biased post to suspend and support the canopy assembly. 2. The sunshade with an illuminating device of claim 1, wherein there is a pull bar over the cantilever, which having one end through a collar slide-ably engaged with the cantilever member, and the other end pivotally connects to top portion of the biased-arranging post. 3. The sunshade with an illuminating device of claim 1, wherein the rib has an upwards opened first chamber and a second chamber being a rectangular chamber formed by four surrounding walls, a plurality of bulbs being attached on the rib. 4. The sunshade with an illuminating device of claim 3 wherein the first chamber is a longitudinally long slot in the rib, which opens upwards for accommodating the electrical wiring cables, a wiring-fastener inserted in the first chamber has a long-thin section of plastic arranged between adjacent light bulbs along the rib to retain the wiring in place, the wiring-fastener has an inclined surface facing to the wiring cables. 5. The sunshade with an illuminating device of claim 3 wherein on bottom wall of the second chamber there are a plurality of light bulbs arranged in series along the rib, each socket of the light bulbs penetrates through the second chamber and projects into the first chamber of the rib. 6. The sunshade with an illuminating device of claim 1, wherein the self-contained power source is a power unit having a DC battery pack provided as an input to an inverter which supplies alternating current to the lights, and having a solar panel provided at the uppermost portion of the umbrella to collect solar energy. 7. The sunshade with an illuminating device of claim 3, wherein the self-contained power source is a power unit having a DC battery pack provided as an input to an inverter which supplies alternating current to the lights, and having a solar panel provided at the uppermost portion of the umbrella to collect solar energy. 8. The sunshade with an illuminating device of claim 1, wherein there is a plug-socket electrical connection relationship between the self-contained power source and rib mounting member located at top position of the central short pole. 9. The sunshade with an illuminating device of claim 8 wherein a bottom portion of power unit defines an interior battery compartment. 10. The sunshade with an illuminating device of claim 8, wherein power unit carries a coupling mechanism to allow coupling between power unit and a rib-mounting member of a short central pole. 11. The sunshade with an illuminating device of claim 1, wherein said main lighting member is disposed at lowest end of the central short pole of canopy assembly. 