The present invention is a mobile-energy generating system. It comprises a turbine, a fuel cell, commercial electrical power hookups, capacitors used for bridging purposes, and hydrogen-storage tanks. Pressurized hydrogen is maintained in the tanks using a hydrogen liberator which is optionally powered by a solar panel.
Claims 1. A power supply system comprising: a first source of alternating current (AC); a conversion device for converting said first source of AC into a first source of direct current (DC); a hydrogen liberator for producing hydrogen; and a device adapted to consume said hydrogen produced to generate a second source of DC. 2. The system of claim 1 comprising a turbine for generating said first source of AC. 3. The system of claim 2 wherein said turbine is adapted to combust natural gas. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein said system is adapted to receive said first source of AC from a utility. 5. The system of claim 1 including a control system which is operable to switch between one of a turbine and an electrical utility to obtain said first source of AC. 6. The system of claim 1 wherein said device comprises a fuel cell. 7. The system of claim 6 wherein said fuel cell comprises at least one proton exchange membrane. 8. The system of claim 1 wherein said hydrogen liberator is powered using said first source of AC. 9. The system of claim 1 wherein said hydrogen libertor is powered using a solar energy source. 10. The system of claim 1 comprising: a switch enabling said hydrogen liberator to be optionally powered by one of said first source of AC and a solar energy source. 11. The system of claim 10 wherein said switch is adapted to be activated depending on an amount of solar energy available. 12. The system of claim 10 including at least one capacitor to bridge when switching between said first and second sources of DC. 13. The system of claim 1 wherein said hydrogen liberator produces said hydrogen from water. 14. The system of claim 1 wherein at least a substantial portion of a total of components of said system are located on a mobile platform for the purpose of making the system easily transportable. 15. A mobile power system comprising: a mobile platform; a turbine on said platform for generating electricity; and a hydrogen-consuming device on said platform for generating electricity. 16. The system of claim 15 wherein said hydrogen-consuming device comprises a fuel cell. 17. The system of claim 15 wherein said mobile platform comprises wheels. 18. The system of claim 17 wherein said mobile platform comprises a trailer hitch. 19. The system of claim 15 including an additional device, said additional device comprising on of: (i) a solar panel, (ii) a hydrogen-generating device, (iii) an AC to DC conversion device, (iv) a capacitor, and (v) fuel tanks; said additional device being on or about said mobile platform. 20. A method of delivering power to a location, comprising: providing a plurality of energy-generating devices; mounting said devices on a mobile platform; and transporting said platform to a place of need so that said energy-generating devices may be used to power equipment. 