A device is provided for monitoring an electric overhead line, which device is constituted by an independently operating real time multisensor for mounting in a position on a span of the overhead line. The device has a built-in transmitter for transmitting sensor signals to a remote central, and comprises a laser range finder for measuring distance to the ground beneath the overhead line, as well as a camera for visual inspection of the line and its surroundings. Further, there is provided a system for maintaining the operation of a power line network, based on remote-controlled shut-off of switches installed in special appliances, particularly electric hot water tanks, at the premises of small consumers/private households.
Claims 1. A device for monitoring an electric overhead line, the device being an independently operating real time multisensor for mounting in a position on a line span, with a built-in transmitter for transmitting sensor signals to a remote central, from built-in sensors for sensing at least one parameter in a parameter group that comprises angle of inclination, line sag increase, wind speed, wind direction, quality/stability of line current, line temperature and air temperature, characterized in that the multisensor further comprises a camera for real time image monitoring of the line and its surroundings, the camera further being operative to present at least one of said parameters visually as a part of the camera image, the camera image being transmitted as a sensor signal in real time to the central. 2. The device of claim 1, characterized in that the multisensor further comprises a laser range finder for direct measurement of distance to ground right therebelow, said distance being included in said parameter group, and being presentable in the camera image that is transmitted. 3. The device of claim 1, characterized in that the multisensor further comprises bimetallic temperature probes, mercury inclination switches, ball relays, camera, wind gauge, laser range finder and a measuring transformer, for sensing said parameters and for optional display in the camera image that is transmitted. 4. The device of claim 1, characterized in that the multisensor is equipped with circuitry for providing a trigger function for transmitting an alarm signal when pre-set threshold values of temperature or others among said parameters are exceeded. 5. The device of claim 1, characterized in that the multisensor comprises a current transformer for fetching operating power from the overhead line itself. 6. The device of claim 1, characterized in that the multisensor comprises a system of solar cells and battery for providing operating power. 7. The device of claim 1, characterized in that the multisensor or a part thereof is shaped as two semi-cylinders hinged to each other, for mounting by folding the semi-cylinders together round the line. 8. The device of claim 1, characterized in that the outer surface thereof is equipped with visible information/advertising. 9. The device of claim 1, characterized in that the multisensor comprises a receiver for control signals from the central. 10. The device of claim 1, characterized in that the transmitter is a radio transmitter. 11. The device of claim 1, characterized in that the transmitter is connected to the power line itself, in order to use the power line as a transmission medium to the central. 