An accelerated weathering test apparatus of the type used to concentrate solar radiation upon test specimens including a heating element that transfers energy to the test specimens. A temperature sensor is operatively coupled to one of the test specimens for generating a test signal representative of the operating temperature of the test specimens. A controller for generating a temperature set point is connected to the temperature sensor and responsive to the test signal for selectively controlling a power level applied to the heating element in order to control a rate at which energy is transferred to the test specimens.
Claims 1. An accelerated weathering test apparatus of the type used to concentrate solar radiation upon test specimens operatively coupled to a target board, including a reflecting solar concentrator operatively coupled and disposed in opposition to the target board and adapted for adjusting an operating temperature of the test specimens, the accelerated weathering test apparatus comprising: a heating element that transfers energy to the test specimens, the heating element operatively coupled to the apparatus; a temperature sensor operatively coupled to at least one of the test specimens for generating a test signal representative of the operating temperature of the test specimens; and a controller for generating a temperature set point connected to the temperature sensor and responsive to the test signal for selectively controlling a power level applied to the heating element in order to control a rate at which energy is transferred to the test specimens, the rate being generally decreased when the operating temperature of the test specimens is greater than the temperature set point, and the rate being generally increased when the operating temperature of the test specimens is less than the temperature set point, and the rate being generally maintained constant when the operating temperature of the test specimens is substantially equal to the temperature set point. 2. The apparatus as recited in claim 1, wherein the heating element is a platen disposed contiguous with the target board and the test specimens. 3. The apparatus as recited in claim 2, wherein the platen includes a pair of aluminum plates disposed on opposing sides of a wire wound silicone rubber heating device. 4. The apparatus as recited in claim 1, wherein the heating element is a platen disposed contiguous with the target board and spaced from the test specimens. 5. The apparatus as recited in claim 4, wherein the platen includes a pair of aluminum plates disposed on opposing sides of a wire wound silicone rubber heating device. 6. The apparatus as recited in claim 4, wherein standoffs separate the platen from the test specimens to define an air gap. 7. The apparatus as recited in claim 1, wherein the heating element is an infra red device for emitting energy incident on an exposure surface of the test specimens. 8. The apparatus as recited in claim 7, wherein the infra red device is disposed at a spaced location from the test specimens. 9. The apparatus as recited in claim 7, wherein the infra red device further includes a reflector directed at the test specimens. 10. The apparatus as recited in claim 1, wherein the temperature sensor may be selected from the group consisting of a thermistor, thermocouple, resistance temperature device, integrated circuit temperature device, semiconductor temperature device, bimetallic sensor, filled system thermometer, liquid or gas. 11. The apparatus as recited in claim 10, wherein the temperature sensor is embedded within one of the test specimens. 12. The apparatus as recited in claim 10, wherein the temperature sensor is disposed on an exposure surface of one of the test specimens. 13. The apparatus as recited in claim 1, wherein the temperature sensor is a non-contact device for monitoring an exposure surface of the test specimens. 14. The apparatus as recited in claim 13, wherein the non-contact device may be selected from a group consisting of an optical pyrometer, infrared sensor, radiation thermometer, pyrometric sensor, or thermal imaging system. 15. The apparatus as recited in claim 1, wherein the controller includes a processing unit and memory that stores programming instructions that, when used by the processing unit, causes the controller to function to: monitor the generated temperature set point, apply the power level to the heating element relative to the temperature set point, determine the operating temperature of the test specimen from the test signal, compare the operating temperature to the temperature set point, adjust the power level to the heating element, and repeat the above steps at pre-selected intervals for a desired period of time. 16. The apparatus as recited in claim 1, wherein the temperature set point is generated by an input to the controller. 17. The apparatus as recited in claim 16, wherein the input is a signal from a temperature sensitive component, an apparatus for replaying a recorded environment temperature cycle, an apparatus for generating a static set point or an apparatus for generating a complex temperature cycle. 18. The apparatus as recited in claim 1, wherein the controller determines the power level for transferring energy based upon the heating element, the temperature set point and the test specimens. 19. The apparatus as recited in claim 1, wherein the controller compares the operating temperature of the test specimens and the temperature set point to adjust the power level and repeats the above steps at pre-selected intervals for a desired period of time. 