Novel flat plate solar panels are disclosed, which, using low profile multiple axes tracking, keep the surface of each flat plate panel upon which rays of the sun are impinged essentially perpendicular to those rays enabling a higher rate of conversion to electrical energy and a long interval each day during which conversion of sunlight to electricity is accommodated. Side peripheral sunlight deflectors redirect rays of sunlight perpendicular to the face fo the flat plate panel but directly adjacent to and somewhat out of alignment with the impingement surface of the flat plate panels upon the impingement surfaces thereby concentrating a greater amount of sunlight to produce a greater quantity of electricity. A cooling system for the flat plate panels, using circulated fluid is disclosed whereby the thermal energy so obtained may be used to perform work to make the system more cost effective.
Claims 1-31. (canceled) 32. A method of deriving electricity from sunlight via an angularly and rotationally variable low profile solar-to-electricity apparatus comprising acts characterized by: supporting a low profile flat plate solar panel upon several engagement locations so as to be vertically compact and disposed at a variable angle to the vertical and at a variable rotational position; impinging sunlight upon a surface comprised of solar cells of the moving flat plate solar panel and deriving electricity therefrom; and bi-axially tracking the flat plate solar panel automatically changing the angle to the vertical and the rotational position of the flat plate solar panel without changing the vertically compact nature of the flat plate solar panel to thereby follow the sun so that the surface is automatically kept essentially perpendicular to rays of the sun. 33. A method according to claim 32 further characterized by generating heat at the solar cells and transferring the heat to elevate the temperature of a fluid circulated adjacent to the solar cells. 34. A method according to claim 33 further characterized by passing the heat from the solar cells to the fluid across a dielectric heat transferring medium. 35. A method according to claim 32 wherein the impinging act is further characterized by impinging sunlight out of alignment with the surface by angular side panel mirror deflection onto the surface of the flat plate solar panel. 36. A method according to claim 32 further characterized by rotating the flat plate solar panel to face generally downward in times when there is little or no sunlight. 37. A method according to claim 32 wherein the bi-axially tracking act is characterized by continuously optically sensing the position of the sun in the sky and issuing signals a displacement mechanism by which the perpendicularity is maintained. 38. A method according to claim 37 wherein the optically sensing act is characterized by sensing at one location the instantaneous azimuth position of the sun and at another location the instantaneous latitude position of the sun. 39. A solar generator comprising: a solar energy-to-electrical energy flat plate panel converter comprised of at least one surface comprised of solar cells angularly disposed to the vertical upon which sunlight is impinged, the converter being characterized by being low profile and mounted in flat angular relation on a vertically narrow support for biaxial displacement; at least one optical sensor continuously monitoring the location of the sun in the sky and issuing signals representative of the instantaneous position of the sun; and at least one control responsive to the signals from the optical sensor continuously varying the angular and rotational position of the surface of the converter to maintain perpendicularity between the rays of the sun and the solar cells without human intervention. 40. A solar generator according to claim 39 further characterized by an eccentric sunlight concentrator offset from the flat plate panel surface comprising at least one fixed angle side deflector adapted to extend angularly skyward away from and rigidly affixed to a peripheral location adjacent to the surface and from which rays of sunlight offset from but adjacent to the surface are deflected therefrom against the solar cells whereby the amount of sunlight impinging on the solar element is increased. 41. A solar generator according to claim 40 wherein the deflector is further characterized by at least two opposed upwardly diverging fixed angle side mirrors angularly disposed peripherally and eccentric to the surface. 42. A solar generator according to claim 39 wherein the surface is generally flat, and further characterized by a heat transfer system disposed behind the solar cells comprising a passageway through which fluid is passed to transfer heat to the fluid. 43. A solar generator according to claim 42 wherein the passageway is defined at least in party by a thermally conductive serpentine metal tube. 44. A solar generator according to claim 42 further characterized by material interposed between the surface and the heat transfer system, the material being thermally conductive but electrically non-conductive. 45. A solar generator according to claim 42 further characterized by a mechanism by which the solar generator is generally inverted during times of low and no sunlight to protect the surface and deflector for environmental contaminate. 46. A solar generator according to claim 42 further characterized by a one-piece uninterrupted light transmitting envelope encapsulating the energy converter in a hermetically sealed, evacuated manner. 