An automaton intelligent robot device use to watch cars and transportation for possible theft, crime activities, and automatic make calls to seek medical aid for passenger if serious accident occurs, that built in and attached as parts and accessory of cars and transportations. The robot device has computer control center and adapters to connect and control with server modules that can attach sensors, video cameras, Global Position System, and video cell phone communication channels. Using micro controllers to control sensors' input, output signals, the robot will consistently monitor and watch our cars and transportation, when robot detect any suspicious signals of theft, crime activities, serious accident, the intelligent robot will able to decide what actions base on its programming list making decision to make video cell phone calls to who should call for the issue, and transfer video in real time and brief situation report to the owner and who is concern the issue such as police, 911, medical department. The robot device has built with authenticate encryption process security hardware, the security unit has listening ability for specific assigned activate signals of radio wave and digital signals, once the robot receive the correct encryption password, it will perform secure activate robot steps in the transportation.
Claims 1. A secure remote activate communication intelligent robot protector able Anti-crime and automatic make emergency help calls in real time using multiple sensors, video cameras, Global Position System, and cell phone communication channels that built in and attached as parts and accessories of cars and transportations. 2. A device according to claim 1 a secure remote activate said the robot device has two activate mode, standard mode that operate always on; in addition, for privacy or special reason the robot device can use a secure remote activate mode that is set in listening status waiting for receive specific activate signals that using radio wave, digital channels from radio stations, satellites, cell phone stations broadcasting the encryption passwords, authentication encryption processor security hardware to processing steps to activate the robot device in the transportations. 3. A device according to claim I Anti-crime and automatic emergency help calls said when detect suspicious theft break in, crime activities and serious traffic accident by attached sensors. 4. A device according to claim I multiple sensors and video cameras, cell phone communication channels said use 1 to many of all kind of sensors, light sensor, touch sensor, sonar sensor, rotation sensor, video visual vision camera sensor, temperature sensor, sound sensor, ultrasonic sensor, infrared sensor, motor speed sensor, pressure sensor, angle degree sensor, etc all kind of sensors) 1 to many of all type of motor, (servo motor, DC motor, step motor, etc all kind motor), 1 to many of all type of video cameras, (normal, wide angle, sphere, hidden video camera, etc all kind video) and 1 to many of all kind of cell phone communication channels, (GSM, CDMA, TDMA. Etc all kind of cell phone communication channels) to be built in, attached as parts, accessories of car, and public transportation as many as it needs to satisfy the protection purpose. 5. A device according to claim I intelligent robot protector said the robot device is automaton intelligent device will able to decide what actions to do and make actions when situation condition meets in real time. 6. A device according to claim 5 the actions said the robot device can do actions like that whom should be call to alert the issue and make short brief detection situation report, transmit real time video phone to see people and rooms in that transportation and outside environment video view of the transportation, and other necessary helpful information base on giving actions instruction list and take pictures to be save and transmit the pictures to other cell phone when it detect theft, or crime activities. 7. A device according to claim 6 base on giving actions instruction list said the robot device is preprogramming able has user interface for human or machine device to giving the instruction programming and the robot able to save the program in its memory. 8. A robot device has use redundant power sources, power source from transportation's for normal situation use; in addition, has 1 to many self-rechargeable batteries for emergency situation when the transportation has lost power. Power charge type can be batteries charge from transportation regularly, solar cell, and manual rotation electric generator but not limited, can use any suitable power source charge methods for the device operations power. 9. A device according to claim 1 Global Position System said the robot device has position report function that cooperate use with Global Position System tools, or built in GPS module to able to forward the location info for its current location. 10. A robot device can be use 1 to many in the car or public transportation, as many as it needs, the robot device can be operate all same duty functions, and can be define separate function of duties for the car and public transportation protection. 11. A Intelligent Robot Protector device equips a center control unit that include micro controllers, processors, memories and electable circle board components with input output connector ports to adapter that connect, and operation control the sensors modules, video cameras modules, and GPS modules, and video cell phone modules. All the device units' attaches on each module can use a center power source or has its own separate power source attached. 12. The device also can equip authenticate encryption processor hardware unit for secure remote activate and special purpose. 13. A robot device can use Relay Switch and any type of suitable switch to be activate the video cell phone, has digital dialer generator high low frequency dial tone to make numbers and send call signals, can direct make send command when cell phone has select fix phone number to call and transfer real time video to the other cell phone to alert notify and show the situation of the transportation to the owner and others who may concern the issue. 14. A device can install necessary antenna to meet the communication method when the general video cell phone method is not available. The Robot device has self-checking modules that show the working condition of the systems to have user verify the robot working condition. 15. A device according to claim 6 make short brief situation report said can be in display code that represent situation such as possible theft for code 1, possible accident for code 2, possible fire code 3 and other situations for each sensors that detected. 16. A device built cell phone microphone and speaker install inside the drive's control panel and rooms of transportation to provide have two-way voice communications. The Automaton Intelligent Robot Protector can built as many type of shapes, separate components to fit the installation need also can be built as single cell phone with whole functions that require. 17. A device to able to dialogic to hang up when the receiver's video cell phone to discount the communication. The robot Protector detects phone discount and switch back to monitor standard mode again. 18. A device use wire and wireless adapter connection methods to connect the device video cameras, sensors, units, and modules. 19. A device has intelligent functions built in and attached as parts and accessories of the car and transportation that can automatic operate video cell phone calls, transfer thought video cell phone communication channels. 20. A Device has intelligent functions able to control video cameras shooting view direction and speed, and plate cell phone holder rotation direction and speed by controlling the motors spin direction and speed. 21. A device has user interface that able to accept user command programming download from machine or input buttons manual from human and save the setting program into memory, when specific program conditions detected, the intelligent protect device will automatic do the actions what the program define and making video cell phone calls and broadcast video info and other tasks defined in the program without people's action. 22. A device can intelligent Robot device able automatic to make security video cell phone calls for all cars, transportation on main use purpose area; in addition, the robot device can use where properties need to be protect such as warehouse, buildings, houses, and inside security room, etc where need this intelligent robot. 