A data acquisition and notification system associated with an array of receptacles having sensors adapted to observe at least one condition or event associated with at least one receptacle. A system database is configured to maintain data representing sensor information. Monitoring hardware is communicatively coupled to each sensor of the array of receptacles and controlled by a data acquisition program that causes the monitoring hardware to gather sensor information from the sensors and communicate the data representing the sensor information to the system database. A notification system is communicatively coupled to the system database and adapted to issue notifications that are based on data maintained by the system database.
Claims 1. A scalable monitoring system for monitoring at least one receptacle array that includes a plurality of receptacles, the system comprising: a scalable acquisition platform communicatively coupled with the plurality of receptacles, the acquisition platform having a configurable architecture comprising: a first processor; a first primary communication channel having a primary node set of at least one primary node; and at least one secondary communication channel having a secondary node set set of at least one secondary node, wherein the first primary communication channel is interfaced with the processor, and the at least one secondary communication channel is interfaced with the first primary communication channel via the primary node set; a plurality of sensors of at least one type, each sensor configured to monitor at least a presence of selectively-definable subject material within a corresponding at least one of the plurality of receptacles, wherein the plurality of sensors communicate with the scalable acquisition platform via the secondary node set; a system database that maintains database records of information related to each receptacle of the plurality of receptacles including at least state information of the presence of the subject material; and a dynamic system configuration definition that associates at least one of the plurality of sensors with at least one of the database records, and that associates the primary nodes with selected of the at least one secondary communication channel; wherein the scalable acquisition platform utilizes the dynamic system configuration definition to enable the scalable monitoring system to be selectively configured to accommodate a variety of receptacle array configurations with addition or removal of sensors, with addition or removal of communication channels, with adjustment of communication channel node associations or sensor-communication node associations, or with adjustment of sensor-database record associations. 2. The scalable monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the plurality of sensors includes sensors of at least one type selected from the group consisting of infrared sensors, ionic sensors, photonic sensors, photovoltaic sensors, mechanical sensors, pressure sensors, temperature sensors, chemical sensors, radioactive sensors, capacitive sensors, and inductive sensors. 3. The scalable monitoring system of claim 1, wherein each sensor of the plurality of sensors comprises: a sensor interface circuit that converts sensor output into a digital representation; and an addressable communication circuit that transmits sensor information via the secondary node set. 4. The scalable monitoring system of claim 1, wherein at least one of the first primary and the at least one secondary communication channels is a data bus. 5. The scalable monitoring system of claim 1, wherein at least one of the first primary and the at least one secondary communication channels is a wireless communication channel. 6. The scalable monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the scalable acquisition platform includes a first tertiary communication channel that interfaces a first primary node with a first plurality of secondary communication channels. 7. The scalable monitoring system of claim 6, wherein the first tertiary communication channel includes an expansion communication channel that interfaces the first tertiary communication channel with a second tertiary communication channel that interfaces the first primary node with a second plurality of secondary communication channels. 8. The scalable monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the processor is at least a part of a PC workstation. 9. The scalable monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the first primary communication channel is a relatively high-bandwidth communication channel, and wherein the at least one secondary communication channel is a relatively low-bandwidth communication channel. 10. The scalable monitoring system of claim 1, wherein each of the plurality of receptacles is monitored by a corresponding group of sensors, and wherein the dynamic system configuration associates secondary nodes into groups such that each of the groups of secondary nodes relates to a corresponding receptacle. 11. The scalable monitoring system of claim 10, wherein a first group of secondary nodes includes a first secondary node from a first secondary communication channel and a second secondary node from the first secondary communication channel. 12. The scalable monitoring system of claim 11, wherein a second group of secondary nodes includes a third secondary node from the first secondary communication channel and a fourth secondary node from the second secondary communication channel. 13. The scalable monitoring system of claim 1, wherein each of the database records include a user account identification, and wherein the dynamic system configuration definition associates each secondary node with a corresponding at least one user account identification. 14. The scalable monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the system database is a centralized database. 15. The scalable monitoring system of claim 1, wherein the scalable acquisition platform includes an acquisition engine that: individually addresses secondary nodes of the secondary node set based on the dynamic system configuration definition to read sensor data from the plurality of sensors; and stores sensor data from each addressed secondary node in at least one corresponding database record. 16. The scalable monitoring system of claim 1, further comprising: a dynamically-configurable notification engine that: reads the database records to obtain the information related to each receptacle of the plurality of receptacles; and issues notification based on the obtained information to at least one notification recipient. 17. The scalable monitoring system of claim 16, wherein the dynamically-configurable notification engine issues a first type notification to a first notification recipient, and issues a second type notification to a second notification recipient. 18. The scalable monitoring system of claim 16, wherein the dynamically-configurable notification engine is configurable to issue at least one selectable notification type to each notification recipient, wherein the at least one notification type selected from the group consisting of: an alarm signal, a telephonic voice communication, a page, a text message, a facsimile, an email, a network communication, and via interactive Web access. 19. A data acquisition and notification system adapted to be associated with at least one array of receptacles, the system comprising: a sensor group of at least one sensor in each receptacle of the array, the sensor group adapted to detect a presence of a subject material placed in the receptacle, wherein at least one sensor of the sensor group includes an electromagnetic emitter and photovoltaic detector, wherein emitted electromagnetic radiation by the emitter reflects off of any subject material present in the receptacle and any reflection is sensed by the photovoltaic detector; a system database configured to maintain data representing sensor information; monitoring hardware communicatively coupled to each sensor of the array of receptacles and controlled by a data acquisition program that causes the monitoring hardware to gather sensor information from the sensors and communicate the data representing the sensor information to the system database; and a notification system communicatively coupled to the system database and adapted to issue notifications that are based on data maintained by the system database. 20. A data acquisition and notification system adapted to be associated with at least one array of receptacles, the system comprising: a sensor group of at least one sensor in each receptacle of the array, the sensor group adapted to detect a presence of a subject material placed in the receptacle, wherein at least one sensor of the sensor group includes data analysis and storage capability; a system database configured to maintain data representing sensor information; monitoring hardware communicatively coupled to each sensor of the array of receptacles and controlled by a data acquisition program that causes the monitoring hardware to gather sensor information from the sensors and communicate the data representing the sensor information to the system database; and a notification system communicatively coupled to the system database and adapted to issue notifications that are based on data maintained by the system database. 