In a multifunction display device, a plurality of display units have a sheet-like or plate-like configuration and different displaying capabilities. A holding unit holds the plurality of display units. A power supply unit supplies power to the plurality of display units. In the multifunction display device, the plurality of display units, the holding unit, and the power supply unit are united, and the holding unit allows a display surface of each of the plurality of display units to be freely opened or closed in a rotatable manner.
Claims 1. A multifunction display device comprising: a plurality of display units having a sheet-like or plate-like configuration and different display capabilities; a holding unit holding the plurality of display units; and a power supply unit supplying power to the plurality of display units, wherein the plurality of display units, the holding unit, and the power supply unit are united, and a display surface of each of the plurality of display units is allowed to be freely opened or closed in a rotatable manner by the holding unit. 2. The multifunction display device according to claim 1 wherein the plurality of display units comprise an electronic display unit and a non-electronic display unit, the non-electronic display unit being smaller in thickness and weight than the electronic display unit. 3. The multifunction display device according to claim 2 wherein one of the electronic display unit and the non-electronic display unit is detachable from the multifunction display device. 4. The multifunction display device according to claim 2 wherein each of the electronic display unit and the non-electronic display unit has a mounting part connected to the holding unit, and the mounting parts of the electronic display unit and the non-electronic display unit are compatible with each other. 5. The multifunction display device according to claim 2 further comprising an information input unit inputting information used to control information which is displayed on the electronic display unit. 6. The multifunction display device according to claim 5 wherein the information input unit is detachable from the multifunction display device. 7. The multifunction display device according to claim 5 wherein the information input unit is a keyboard unit. 8. The multifunction display device according to claim 5 wherein the information input unit is a stylusoperated unit. 9. The multifunction display device according to claim 5 wherein the information input unit is a scanner unit. 10. The multifunction display device according to claim 5 wherein the information input unit is an image capture unit. 11. The multifunction display device according to claim 1 further comprising a storage unit which is detachably attached to the multifunction display device. 12. The multifunction display device according to claim 1 wherein at least one of the plurality of display units has a flexibility. 13. The multifunction display device according to claim 2 wherein the electronic display unit is provided to display a motion picture. 14. The multifunction display device according to claim 2 wherein the electronic display unit is provided to display a color image. 15. The multifunction display device according to claim 2 wherein the non-electronic display unit is provided to perform display indication and erasing in a reversible manner. 16. The multifunction display device according to claim 15 wherein the display indication and erasing is performed in the reversible manner by controlling a thermal energy supplied to a display surface of the non-electronic display unit. 17. The multifunction display device according to claim 15 wherein the display indication and erasing is performed in the reversible manner by controlling a light energy supplied to a display surface of the non-electronic display unit. 18. The multifunction display device according to claim 2 wherein the non-electronic display unit is a paper having a density of 0.50 g/cm3 or more. 19. The multifunction display device according to claim 1 further comprising: an information input unit inputting information used to control information which is displayed on an electronic display unit among the plurality of display units; and a cover member disposed to hold an outside of the multifunction display device and having a sheet-like or plate-like configuration and a surface which is freely opened or closed in a rotatable manner, wherein the plurality of display units and the information input unit are stacked, and the cover member has outside dimensions larger than dimensions of the plurality of display units and the information input unit. 20. The multifunction display device according to claim 19 wherein the cover member is larger in thickness than a non-electronic display unit among the plurality of display units, and formed integrally with the holding unit. 21. The multifunction display device according to claim 19 wherein the cover member has a laminated sheet structure of a plurality of layers containing a shock absorbing layer. 22. The multifunction display device according to claim 19 wherein the cover member has a rigidity larger than a rigidity of the plurality of display units. 23. The multifunction display device according to claim 19 further comprising a thickness maintaining unit maintaining a thickness of a region where the plurality of display units are held by the cover member. 24. The multifunction display device according to claim 19 wherein the cover member is provided to have a shock-absorbing surface which faces the plurality of display units or the information input unit. 25. The multifunction display device according to claim 2 wherein the cover member is provided to serve as the power supply unit which supplies power to the electronic display unit. 26. The multifunction display device according to claim 25 wherein the cover member is made from a sheet polymer battery. 27. The multifunction display device according to claim 25 wherein the cover member is made from a solar battery. 28. The multifunction display device according to claim 27 further comprising a secondary cell which stores electric power generated by the solar battery. 