The water surface cleaning machine is a self contained unit that travels on a water surface and collects floating debris. This water surface cleaning machine contains a propulsion means for propelling itself across the water. Debris is collected in a net or porous basket. The water surface cleaning machine contains a microcontroller to control its operations. The water surface cleaning machine has a manually operated mode and an automated mode. A radio controller can be used in the manual mode to remotely steer the water surface cleaning machine towards any floating debris for extremely quick and efficient cleaning of a water surface. In the automated mode, the water surface cleaning machine operates without intervention cleaning the pool of water and recharging its batteries. The water surface cleaning machine contains preprogrammed routines for efficiently cleaning the water surface. Switches or pressure sensors located on the exterior of its housing detect contact with external objects and a flow sensor monitors the water surface cleaning machine's motion. The microcontroller is programmed to redirect the water surface cleaning machine if its motion is prevented. The water surface cleaning machine is powered by batteries and solar cells. The microcontroller monitors the battery's charge, the solar cell's output and controls the recharging of the battery. The water surface cleaning machine includes an energy conservation mode to conserve the batteries energy. An analog to digital converter converts input from the batteries, flow sensors and switches to a form useable by the microcontroller.
Claims 1. A machine for cleaning a surface of a pool of water comprising: a housing that floats on or near said surface of water; and a means to collect debris from said surface of water; and a propulsion system for propelling and steering said machine; and a battery for powering said water surface cleaning machine; and a receive antenna whereby electromagnetic control signals such as direction and speed can be collected; and a receiver whereby said control signals can be received from said receive antenna; and a transmitter and transmit antenna whereby a remote user can transmit said control signals to steer said machine towards floating debris for rapid cleaning of said surface of water. 2. The machine according to claim 1, wherein said means to collect debris from said surface of water includes a net or water permeable basket. 3. The machine according to claim 1, wherein said means to collect debris from said surface of water includes a weir whereby collected debris remains substantially within said collection means. 4. The machine according to claim 1, further including a means to monitor the stored charge of said battery. 5. The machine according to claim 1, further including a solar cell whereby said solar cell can recharge said battery or power said water surface cleaning machine. 6. The machine according to claim 1, wherein said propulsion system includes one or more DC motors for propelling said machine. 7. The machine according to claim 6, further including speed control for controlling the speed of said DC motor. 8. The machine according to claim 7, wherein said speed control uses H bridges to supply current to said DC motors. 9. The machine according to claim 1, wherein said machine's movements are controlled by controlling the thrust of one paddle wheel or propeller relative to a second paddle wheel or propeller. 10. A machine for cleaning a surface of a pool of water comprising: a housing that floats on or near said surface of water; and a propulsion system for propelling and steering said machine; and a means to collect debris from said surface of water; and a controller for controlling the operation of said machine; and an automatic mode, whereby said machine operates substantially autonomously collecting debris from said surface of water. 11. The machine according to claim 10, further including an analog to digital converter for converting analog inputs into digital data, whereby analog data from sensors and switches can be inputted into said controller. 12. The machine according to claim 10, wherein said propulsion system includes one or more DC motors for propelling said machine. 13. The machine according to claim 10, further including speed control for controlling the speed of said DC motor. 14. The machine according to claim 10, wherein said machine's movement is controlled by controlling the thrust of one paddle wheel or propeller relative to a second paddle wheel or propeller. 15. The machine according to claim 10, further including a rechargeable battery for powering said water surface cleaning machine. 16. The machine according to claim 10, further including a means to monitor the stored charge of said rechargeable battery. 17. The machine according to claim 16, wherein said means to monitor the stored charge of said rechargeable battery includes a means to measure the temperature of said rechargeable battery. 18. The machine according to claim 10, further including a solar cell as a power source whereby said solar cell can recharge said battery or power said water surface cleaning machine. 19. The machine according to claim 10, further including separate batteries to power said DC motor and said controller. 20. The machine according to claim 10, wherein said automatic mode manages said machine's resources whereby said machine's performance is maximized, while maintaining the functionality of said battery. 21. The machine according to claim 10, further including an energy conservation mode, whereby said propulsion system can be put into a low power consumption mode to preserve said machine's stored energy. 22. The energy conservation mode according to claim 21, wherein said energy conservation mode includes controlling the duty cycle or on time of the pulse width modulator to reduce said rechargeable battery's energy drain. 23. The energy conservation mode according to claim 21, further including turning off the DC motors for extended periods of time. 24. The machine according to claim 10, further including a motion sensor whereby motion of said machine can be monitored. 25. The machine according to claim 10, further including switches or pressure sensors located on the exterior of said machine's housing whereby contact between said machine and a wall or other obstacle can be detected 26. The machine according to claim 25, wherein said automatic mode monitors the state of switches or pressure sensors located on the exterior of said machine's housing whereby contact between said machine and a wall or other obstacle can be detected 27. The machine according to claim 10, wherein said automatic mode includes programmed routines for traveling around a pool of water whereby said machine can more efficiently clean said surface of water. 28. The machine according to claim 10, further including a receive antenna whereby electromagnetic control signals including direction and speed can be collected. 29. The machine according to claim 28, further including a receiver whereby said control signals can be received from said receive antenna. 30. The machine according to claim 10, further including a manual operating mode, whereby said machine can be manually steered to desired location. 