A testing system for optical and electrical monitoring of a production quality and/or for determining optical and electrical properties of solar cells, comprising a first conveyor device for conveying the solar cells to a test region, a second conveyor device for moving the solar cells through the test region, a third conveyor device for conveying the solar cells out of the test region, an optical checking device located in the test region for visual checking of the solar, and an electrical checking device also located in the test region for checking electrical functions of the solar cells, the electrical checking device including an illumination device for shining light on light-sensitive surfaces of the solar cells and also including an electrical contacting device for picking up voltages and/or currents and electrical contacts of the solar cells, the first, second and third conveyor devices including a common, linear conveyor belt system which passes through the test region and has a vacuum suction device for holding the solar cells on a surface of a conveyor belt system.
Claims 1. A testing system for optical and electrical monitoring of a production quality and/or for determining optical and electrical properties of solar cells, comprising a first conveyor device for conveying the solar cells to a test region; a second conveyor device for moving the solar cells through the test region; a third conveyor device for conveying the solar cells out of the test region; an optical checking device located in the test region for visual checking of the solar cells; and an electrical checking device also located in the test region for checking electrical functions of the solar cells, said electrical checking device including an illumination device for shining light on light-sensitive surfaces of the solar cells and also including an electrical contacting device for picking up voltages and/or currents at electrical contacts of the solar cells, said first, second and third conveyor devices including a common, linear conveyor belt system which passes through the test region and has a vacuum suction device for holding the solar cells on a surface of said conveyor belt system. 2. A testing system as defined in claim 1, wherein said conveyor belt system is arranged so that the solar cells are located with their light-sensitive surfaces facing upwards on said conveyor belt system, said illumination device of said electrical checking device being mounted above said conveyor belt system in the test region, and said electrical contacting device being mounted below and/or above said conveyor belt system. 3. A testing system as defined in claim 1, wherein said conveyor belt system includes at least two parallel belts extending parallel to a conveying direction, at least one of said belts having openings that are open toward a belt surface and communicate with said vacuum suction device. 4. A testing system as defined in claim 3, wherein said parallel belts are spaced apart from one another in a direction crosswise to a conveying direction of said conveyor belt system. 5. A testing system as defined in claim 3, wherein at least a part of said contacting device of said electrical checking device in the test region is located in gaps between said parallel belts below said conveyor belt system. 6. A testing system as defined in claim 3, wherein said conveyor belt system includes a third parallel belt, so that said conveyor belt system has three said parallel belts, at least a middle one of said three parallel belts having openings that are open toward the belt surface and communicate with said vacuum suction device. 7. A testing system as defined in claim 3, wherein parallel belts have openings that are open toward the belt surface and communicate with said vacuum suction device. 8. A testing system as defined in claim 7, wherein said openings that communicate with said vacuum suction device are distributed uniformly over a surface of a respective one of said belts. 9. A testing system as defined in claim 3, wherein said parallel belts of said conveyor belt system are driven in common, but for purposes of adjustment are movable independently of one another in a conveying direction. 10. A testing system as defined in claim 1, wherein said conveyor belt system includes a plurality of belt segments in succession in a conveying direction, each of said belt segments having a length which is a multiple of a length of one solar cell, and in operation a solar cell arriving at an end of a respective one of said belt segments is transferred to a beginning of a subsequent one of said belt segments and from a final one of said belt segments is transferred to a further device. 11. A testing system as defined in claim 10, wherein said further device is formed as a sorter. 12. A testing system as defined in claim 10, wherein said belt segments are driven synchronously. 13. A testing system as defined in claim 10, wherein said successive belt segments are spaced apart from one another three-dimensionally in the conveying direction by less than a length of one solar cell. 14. A testing system as defined in claim 1, wherein said optical checking device includes at least one line scanning camera. 15. A testing system as defined in claim 13, wherein said at least one line scanning camera scans the solar cells moving past it on said conveyor belt system from above. 16. A testing system as defined in claim 14, wherein said line scanning camera operates in synchronization with a travel speed of said conveyor belt system. 17. A testing system as defined in claim 14, wherein said line scanning camera is located in a gap between successive belt segments of said conveyor belt system. 18. A testing system as defined in claim 1, wherein said optical checking device is configured so that the visual checking of the solar cells is done in operation with said conveyor belt system running. 19. A testing system as defined in claim 18, wherein said optical checking device is configured so that the visual checking of the solar cells is done in operation continuously with said conveyor belt system running. 20. A testing system as defined in claim 1, wherein said electrical checking device is configured so that the checking of the electrical functions of the solar cells is doable in clocked fashion, in each case in a stopped period between two conveying periods of said conveyor device. 21. A testing system as defined in claim 1, wherein said electrical contacting device has contacts that move intermittently with a solar cell traveling past, said contacts, after passing through a portion, automatically returning to their outset position, said electrical checking device being configured so that the checking of the electrical functions of the solar cells is doable in operation with said conveyor belt system running. 