A sunshade includes a post having a rib-mounting member mounted thereon, a plurality of ribs each having an upper end pivotally connected to the rib-mounting member, a runner slidably mounted on the post, a plurality of stretchers each having an upper end pivotally connected to an intermediate portion of an associated rib and a lower end pivotally connected to the runner, and an illuminating device mounted in the runner or the rib-mounting member. Damage to the illuminating device is avoided, as the light modules and the wires of the illuminating device are hidden in the runner or the rib-mounting member.
Claims 1. A sunshade comprising: a post having a rib-mounting member mounted thereon; a plurality of ribs each having an upper end pivotally connected to the rib-mounting member; a runner slidably mounted on the post; a plurality of stretchers each having an upper end pivotally connected to an intermediate portion of an associated one of the ribs and a lower end pivotally connected to the runner; and an illuminating device mounted in one of the runner and the rib-mounting member; said one of the runner and the rib-mounting member comprising a body for accommodating the illuminating device and a cover removably mounted to the body. 2. The sunshade as claimed in claim 1, with the sunshade further comprising a solar energy device mounted on the sunshade for receiving solar energy and transforming solar energy into electricity, the solar energy device being electrically connected to the illuminating device. 3-4. (canceled) 5. The sunshade as claimed in claim 7, with the sunshade further comprising a stop mounted on the post above the runner for preventing further upward movement of the runner after the sunshade is unfolded, with the second conductive pins being mounted on the stop. 6. The sunshade as claimed in claim 1, with said one of the runner and the rib-mounting member comprising a plurality of compartments, the illuminating device comprising a plurality of light modules respectively and removably mounted in the compartments. 7. The sunshade as claimed in claim 6, with the illuminating device comprising two common wires to which each said light module is electrically connected, with a first conductive pin being mounted on an end of each said common wire, with the illuminating device further comprising two wires each having an upper end electrically connected to the solar energy device and a lower end, with a second conductive pin being mounted on the lower end of each said wire, with the light modules being turned on when the sunshade is in an unfolded state in which the first conductive pins are respectively in contact with the second conductive pins, and with the light modules being turned off when the sunshade is not in the unfolded state in which the first conductive pins are disengaged from the second conductive pins. 8. The sunshade as claimed in claim 1, with the sunshade further comprising a battery mounting portion for receiving at least one cell that is adapted to be electrically connected to the illuminating device. 9. The sunshade as claimed in claim 6, with the sunshade further comprising a battery mounting portion for receiving at least one cell that is adapted to be electrically connected to the light modules. 10. The sunshade as claimed in claim 8, with the battery mounting portion being mounted on a circumference of said one of the runner and the rib-mounting member. 11. A sunshade comprising: a post having a rib-mounting member mounted thereon; a plurality of ribs each having an upper end pivotally connected to the rib-mounting member; a runner slidably mounted on the post; a plurality of stretchers each having an upper end pivotally connected to an intermediate portion of an associated one of the ribs and a lower end pivotally connected to the runner; and at least one lighting element removably mounted in one of the runner and the rib-mounting member; said one of the runner and the rib-mounting member comprising a battery mounting portion mounted on a circumference thereof, a battery unit being removably mounted in the battery mounting portion and electrically connected to said at least one lighting element. 12. The sunshade as claimed in claim 11, with the sunshade further comprising a solar energy device mounted on the sunshade for receiving solar energy and transforming solar energy into electricity, the solar energy device being electrically connected to said at least one lighting element. 13-14. (canceled) 15. The sunshade as claimed in claim 17, with the sunshade further comprising a stop mounted on the post above the runner for preventing further upward movement of the runner after the sunshade is unfolded, with the second conductive pins being mounted on the stop. 16. The sunshade as claimed in claim 12, with said one of the runner and the rib-mounting member comprising at least one compartment for removably receiving said at least one lighting element. 17. The sunshade as claimed in claim 16, with said at least one lighting element comprising two first wires, with a first conductive pin being mounted on an end of each said wire, further comprising two second wires each having an upper end electrically connected to the solar energy device and a lower end, with a second conductive pin being mounted on the lower end of each said wire, with said at least one lighting element being turned on when the sunshade is in an unfolded state in which the first conductive pins are respectively in contact with the second conductive pins, and with said at least one lighting element being turned off when the sunshade is not in the unfolded state in which the first conductive pins are disengaged from the second conductive pins. 18-20. (canceled) 21. The sunshade as claimed in claim 6, with the compartments being defined in the body, and with each said light module being directly removable from an associated one of the compartments via an outside of the body. 22. The sunshade as claimed in claim 7, with the compartments being defined in the body, and with each said light module being directly removable from an associated one of the compartments via an outside of the body. 23. The sunshade as claimed in claim 1, with the illuminating device comprising a plurality of light modules and a plurality of connectors, with each said connector having a first end electrically connected to a power source and a second end to which an associated one of the light modules is removably and electrically coupled. 24. The sunshade as claimed in claim 6, with the illuminating device further comprising a plurality of connectors, with each said connector having a first end electrically connected to a power source and a second end to which an associated one of the light modules is removably and electrically coupled. 25. The sunshade as claimed in claim 24, with the illuminating device comprising two common wires to which each said light module is electrically connected, with a first conductive pin being mounted on an end of each said common wire, with the illuminating device further comprising two wires each having an upper end electrically connected to the solar energy device and a lower end, with a second conductive pin being mounted on the lower end of each said wire, with the light modules being turned on when the sunshade is in an unfolded state in which the first conductive pins are respectively in contact with the second conductive pins, and with the light modules being turned off when the sunshade is not in the unfolded state in which the first conductive pins are disengaged from the second conductive pins. 26. The sunshade as claimed in claim 25, with the sunshade further comprising a stop mounted on the post above the runner for preventing further upward movement of the runner after the sunshade is unfolded, with the second conductive pins being mounted on the stop. 27. The sunshade as claimed in claim 6, with the sunshade further comprising a solar energy device mounted on the sunshade for receiving solar energy and transforming solar energy into electricity, and with the light modules being electrically connected to the solar energy device. 28. The sunshade as claimed in claim 21, with the sunshade further comprising a solar energy device mounted on the sunshade for receiving solar energy and transforming solar energy into electricity, and with the light modules being electrically connected to the solar energy device. 29. The sunshade as claimed in claim 22, with the sunshade further comprising a solar energy device mounted on the sunshade for receiving solar energy and transforming solar energy into electricity, and with the light modules being electrically connected to the solar energy device. 30. The sunshade as claimed in claim 11, with said one of the runner and the rib-mounting member comprising a body for accommodating said at least one lighting element and a cover removably mounted to the body. 31. The sunshade as claimed in claim 15, with said one of the runner and the rib-mounting member comprising a body for accommodating said at least one lighting element and a cover removably mounted to the body. 32. The sunshade as claimed in claim 16, with said one of the runner and the rib-mounting member comprising a body for accommodating said at least one lighting element and a cover removably mounted to the body. 33. The sunshade as claimed in claim 17, with said one of the runner and the rib-mounting member comprising a body for accommodating said at least one lighting element and a cover removably mounted to the body. 34. The sunshade as claimed in claim 32, with said at least one compartment being defined in the body, and with said at least one lighting element being directly removable from said at least one compartment via an outside of the body. 35. The sunshade as claimed in claim 11, with the battery mounting portion being mounted on the circumference of the runner. 36. The sunshade as claimed in claim 11, with the sunshade further comprising at least one connector having a first end electrically connected to the battery unit and a second end to which said at least one lighting element is removably and electrically coupled. 37. The sunshade as claimed in claim 12, with the sunshade further comprising at least one connector having a first end electrically connected to each of the battery unit and the solar energy device and a second end to which said at least one lighting element is removably and electrically coupled. 38. The sunshade as claimed in claim 15, with the sunshade further comprising at least one connector having a first end electrically connected to each of the battery unit and the solar energy device and a second end to which said at least one lighting element is removably and electrically coupled. 39. The sunshade as claimed in claim 16, with the sunshade further comprising at least one connector having a first end electrically connected to each of the battery unit and the solar energy device and a second end to which said at least one lighting element is removably and electrically coupled. 40. The sunshade as claimed in claim 17, with the sunshade further comprising at least one connector having a first end electrically connected to the battery unit and a second end to which said at least one lighting element is removably and electrically coupled. 41. The sunshade as claimed in claim 1 1, with said one of the runner and the rib-mounting member comprising at least one compartment for removably receiving said at least one lighting element. 42. The sunshade as claimed in claim 41, with the sunshade further comprising at least one connector having a first end electrically connected to the battery unit and a second end to which said at least one lighting element is removably and electrically coupled. 