An apparatus for producing hydrogen may include a collector of radiation to concentrate solar radiation on a converter having an absorptivity to convert the solar radiation to thermal energy to drive a chemical process using a feedstock to dissociate into an output chemical and a byproduct. A separator separates the output and byproduct, after which a reactor reacts the output to form a storage chemical, reactive to produce energy but sufficiently stable for safe handling outside designation as an energetic material. The separator may have a porosity to substantially pass hydrogen and block oxygen and water. A sweep gas may sweep hydrogen away from the separation barrier to change equilibrium. Catalysts may reduce temperature of dissociation and a subsequent reaction to combine it in a more stable, storable form.
Claims 1. An apparatus for producing hydrogen, the apparatus comprising: a collector of radiation to concentrate solar radiation on a converter; the converter having an absorptivity with respect to solar radiation to substantially convert the solar radiation to thermal energy, introduce the thermal energy to an input chemical, and drive a chemical process using the input chemical as a feedstock to produce an output chemical and a byproduct chemical; a separator to separate the output chemical from the byproduct chemical; a reactor to react the output chemical to form a storage chemical, reactive to produce energy but sufficiently stable for safe handling outside designation as an energetic material; and a processor to modify at least one of the density, temperature, and pressure of the storage chemical for transportation and handling. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein an energetic material has a characteristic selected from explosive, readily combustible at substantially ambient conditions, readily ignitable by at least one of a spark and a sustained flame at ambient conditions, detonable at conditions corresponding to common transportation and handling, and detonable upon exposure to a shock under ambient conditions. 3. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the collector comprises reflector formed to be substantially flat to maintain a diffusion of the energy impinging on the converter. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the converter comprises a window formed of a material selected to pass solar radiation and substantially resist passage of the thermal energy re-radiated from the collector. 5. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a counterflow heat exchanger having first and second passages operably connected to receive, respectively, the feedstock and at least one of the output chemical and the byproduct chemical, exchanging heat therebetween to heat the feedstock. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a heat exchanger having a wall, dividing first and second passages, across which energy is transferred from the byproduct chemical to the feedstock to recycle energy from the byproduct chemical to pre-heat the feedstock. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the converter and reactor are integrated with the separator to share a single wall and material common to all. 8. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein the separator comprises a porous wall defined by first and second surfaces opposite one another, the first surface bounding a first passage carrying the feedstock, absorbing solar radiation from the collector, converting the solar radiation to thermal energy, and passing the thermal energy into the feedstock. 9. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein: the porous wall has a porosity selected to pass the output chemical and substantially block passage of the byproduct chemical therethrough, the second surface bounds a second passage carrying the output chemical away therefrom; the converter comprises the first passage and the first surface of the wall, which first passage operates to carry away the byproduct chemical; and the reactor comprises at least one of the second passage and the second surface of the wall. 10. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the converter further comprises a surface having a catalyst disposed thereon to dissociate the first chemical into the output chemical and the byproduct chemical. 11. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising: a conduit conducting the output chemical from the separator to the reactor; a heat exchanger operably connected to the conduit to remove heat from the output chemical and reduce the temperature thereof; and the reactor, further including a catalytic surface to convert the output chemical to the storage chemical. 12. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the reactor further comprises: a first conduit conducting the output chemical and a sweep chemical therethrough; a first catalyst located within the first conduit and selected to react the output chemical and the sweep chemical to form the storage chemical. 13. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein the output chemical is hydrogen, the sweep chemical is nitrogen, and the storage chemical is ammonia. 14. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein the first catalyst comprises a metal. 15. The apparatus of claim 12, wherein the converter comprises a chamber having a wall defined by a porous material having a porosity sized to pass the output chemical and block passage of the feedstock. 16. The apparatus of claim 15, wherein the wall has first and second surfaces, the second surface operating to convert the solar radiation to thermal energy and being coated with a second catalyst to dissociate the feedstock into hydrogen, as the output chemical, and the byproduct chemical. 17. The apparatus of claim 16 wherein the first surface is coated with the first catalyst operating to react the output chemical to produce the storage chemical 18. The apparatus of claim 17, wherein the wall is formed of a ceramic having the first and second surfaces opposite one another. 19. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising: a tracking system to determine and control the orientation of the collector with respect to the sun; a storage system to hold the storage chemical for transport; and a system of heat exchangers to recover thermal energy from at least one of the byproduct chemical and the output chemical into the feedstock to improve the energy efficiency of the apparatus. 20. An apparatus for generating an exothermically reactive composition comprising hydrogen, the apparatus comprising: a solar collector for collecting incident radiation in the electromagnetic spectrum to be redirected as redirected radiation; a generator comprising: an energy conversion system to convert redirected radiation to thermal energy; a reactor receiving the thermal energy to dissociate water at temperatures less than 1800 degrees centigrade, producing hydrogen and byproducts therefrom; and a separator to separate the hydrogen from the byproducts; and a processor to reformulate the hydrogen into a compound of hydrogen stable at substantially standard temperature and pressure and reactive to produce energy. 21. An apparatus for generating ammonia as a reactive hydrogen compound for subsequent exothermic reaction as a fuel, the apparatus comprising: a solar collector for collecting radiation in the electromagnetic spectrum incident thereon from the sun, concentrating the radiation, and redirecting the radiation to a converter; a generator comprising: the converter to convert radiation redirected thereto into thermal energy; a reactor comprising a first catalyst, the reactor receiving the thermal energy, introducing the thermal energy to water, directly dissociating the water thermally at a temperature substantially less than 1800 degrees centigrade, and producing hydrogen and byproducts therefrom; and a separator to filter non-electronically the hydrogen from the byproducts; and a processor to reformulate the hydrogen into ammonia liquid to be stable proximate substantially standard temperature and pressure. 22. The apparatus of claim 21, wherein the collector, generator, and processor are integrated and supported on a movable support to move with one another and the solar collector. 23. The apparatus of claim 21, wherein the separator further comprises a barrier, semi-permeable and having a porosity sized to substantially pass hydrogen therethrough and to substantially block oxygen and water from passing therethrough. 24. The apparatus of claim 23, wherein the barrier has walls defining passages constituting porosity and the first catalyst is coated on the walls. 25. The apparatus of claim 24, wherein the separator further comprises a reaction chamber and a sweep chamber on opposite sides of the barrier, the sweep chamber carrying nitrogen to sweep hydrogen away from the barrier to urge an equilibrium condition producing more hydrogen in the reaction chamber. 26. The apparatus of claim 25, wherein the barrier proximate the sweep chamber is coated with a second catalyst selected to promote reaction of the nitrogen with the hydrogen to form ammonia. 27. The apparatus of claim 21, wherein the first catalyst is formed as a surface having a porosity sized to pass hydrogen and block oxygen, forming thereby the reactor and separator. 28. The apparatus of claim 21, wherein the separator comprises a scavenger comprising a material reactive with oxygen to remove oxygen from the hydrogen. 29. The apparatus of claim 21, wherein the separator comprises a binding material to selectively absorb hydrogen to the exclusion of the byproducts. 30. The apparatus of claim 29, further comprising a purge mechanism to recover the hydrogen from the binding material. 31. The apparatus of claim 21 wherein the separator further comprises carbon nano-fibers oriented and positioned opposite the water with respect to the first catalyst to filter oxygen from the hydrogen and to draw the hydrogen away from the first catalyst. 32. An apparatus for generating a chemical having an exothermic reactivity, the apparatus comprising: a collector for collecting energy from a source thereof; a generator comprising: a conversion system to convert at least one first chemical species and energy into a second chemical species and first byproducts; a separation system to separate the second chemical species from the first byproducts; and a first processor to stabilize the second chemical species for use as a feedstock to produce energy and a second byproduct; and a second processor to provide energy to the first and second byproducts and regenerate the at least one first chemical species therefrom. 33. An apparatus for storing solar energy as chemical energy, the apparatus comprising: a source of water; a collector of solar radiation; a collector for converting solar radiation to thermal energy and introducing that thermal energy into the water; a frame containing an array of mirrors fixed in an orientation to reflect incoming radiation to the collector, and to maintain all the mirrors in the array in substantially rigid body relation to one another and to the frame and with respect to the collector; a drive system comprising motors for orienting the frame in order to optimize the received incoming radiation from the sun; a pivot system for aiming the array and associated frame with respect to the direction of incoming solar radiation; a base for mounting the pivot with respect to the earth; a reactor for providing the heated water and a catalyst in order to dissociate hydrogen and oxygen from one another; a dryer for removing water from the hydrogen; a separator for removing dissociated oxygen from the water; a drive mechanism for moving the hydrogen; and a storage system for storing the hydrogen. 34. The apparatus of claim 32 further comprising a processor to react the hydrogen into a composition more readily adaptable to storage of the hydrogen in the storage system. 35. The apparatus of claim 32, wherein the state of the hydrogen is selected from gaseous hydrogen, liquid hydrogen, nanofiber binding of gaseous hydrogen, and a liquid composition of hydrogen. 