A temperature sensing device adapted for attachment to a suspended line employing a sonar pulse propagated through the length of the line wherein the reflection of the pulse along the line is proportional to the temperature of the line.
Claims 1. A temperature sensing device comprising: a mounting clamp adapted for attachment to a line, a sonar pulse generator affixed to the mounting clamp, an acoustic sensor affixed to a mounting clamp, a control module in communicably linked to the acoustic sensor, a communication module communicably linked to the control module, and a power module in communication with at least one of the aforementioned components. 2. The device of claim 1 wherein the control module comprises a CPU. 3. The device of claim 2 wherein the CPU controls pulse generation, measurement of reflected pulses, and communication via the communication module. 4. The device of claim 1 wherein the control module further comprises an ambient temperature sensor. 5. The device of claim 1 wherein the communication module comprises a radio-frequency transmitter. 6. The device of claim 5 wherein the communication module comprises a radio-frequency receiver. 7. The device of claim 1 wherein the power module comprises an energy storage means. 8. The device of claim 7 wherein the energy storage means comprises a battery. 9. The device of claim 7 wherein the energy storage means comprises a capacitor. 10. The device of claim 1 wherein the power module comprises an inductive coil. 11. The device of claim 1 wherein the power module comprises a wind driven turbine. 12. The device of claim 1 wherein the power module comprises a pendulum. 13. The device of claim 1 wherein the power module comprises a shape memory alloy. 14. The device of claim 1 wherein the power module comprises a solenoid. 15. The device of claim 1 wherein the power module comprises a photovoltaic cell. 16. The device of claim 1 wherein the power module comprises a direct wire tap to a power line. 17. The device of claim 1 wherein the control module is mechanically attached to one or more components of the device. 18. The device of claim 1 wherein the control module is not mechanically attached to one or more components of the device but is communicably linked via telemetry. 19. The device of claim 18 wherein the telemetry is achieved using radio frequency signals. 20. The device of claim 1 adapted for attachment to a suspended power line. 