An industrial sensing network includes a plurality of sensors, each sensor being configured to monitor at least one condition associated with equipment deployed in an industrial complex. The sensing network also includes at least one fixed aggregator configured to gather data collected by one or more of the plurality of sensors and relay the data to a user. The aggregator includes a local communication arrangement configured for communication with other devices deployed within the complex, an external communication arrangement configured for communication with devices external to the complex, a self-contained power source configured to power the aggregator, a processor programmed to at least partially process data, and a storage arrangement configured to at least temporarily store data. At least one sensor is configured to at least partially process sensor measurements into data prior to transmission to the aggregator.
Claims 1. An industrial sensing network, comprising: a plurality of sensors, each sensor being configured to monitor at least one condition associated with equipment deployed in an industrial complex; and at least one fixed aggregator configured to gather data collected by one or more of the plurality of sensors and relay the data to a user, the aggregator including: a local communication arrangement configured for communication with other devices deployed within the complex; an external communication arrangement configured for communication with devices external to the complex; a self-contained power source configured to power the aggregator; a processor programmed to at least partially process data; and a storage arrangement configured to at least temporarily store data; wherein at least one sensor is configured to at least partially process sensor measurements into data prior to transmission to the aggregator. 2. The industrial sensing network of claim 1, wherein the fixed aggregator is configured to poll the one or more sensors to cause the sensors to transmit data. 3. The industrial sensing network of claim 1, wherein the fixed aggregator is configured to receive data from the one or more sensors according to a predetermined schedule. 4. The industrial sensing network of claim 1, further comprising a virtual sensor configured to calculate an engineering value using data acquired from multiple sensors and thereafter transmit the engineering value to a fixed aggregator or a device external to the complex. 5. The industrial sensing network of claim 4, wherein the fixed aggregator is programmed to cause field-deployed equipment to be manipulated based on the engineering value. 6. The industrial sensing network of claim 1, wherein the local communication arrangement comprises a bidirectional radio configured for communication in an Industrial, Scientific, Medical (ISM) spectral band, wherein the ISM band comprises a license free band allocated by the FCC. 7. The industrial sensing network of claim 1, wherein the external communication arrangement is configured to communicate with devices external to the complex via a selection from a group consisting of satellite link, cellular link, and long range radio link. 8. The industrial sensing network of claim 1, wherein the external communication arrangement comprises a unidirectional transmitter configured for transmission in a spectral bad from about 1611 MHz to about 1618 MHz. 9. The industrial sensing network of claim 1, wherein the self-contained power source comprises: a rechargeable battery; and a solar panel. 10. The industrial sensing network of claim 1, wherein the aggregator further comprises an enclosure having a rating for use in explosive environments. 11. The industrial sensing network of claim 1, further comprising a handheld aggregator, wherein the handheld aggregator includes: a local communication arrangement configured for communication with other devices deployed within the complex; a processor programmed to at least partially process data; and a storage arrangement configured to at least temporarily store data. 12. The industrial sensing network of claim 11, wherein the handheld aggregator is configured to receive instantaneous sensor data directly from a sensor. 13. The industrial sensing complex of claim 11, wherein the handheld aggregator is configured to receive stored sensor data from the fixed aggregator. 14. The industrial sensing complex of claim 11, wherein the handheld aggregator further comprises memory configured to store configuration programming and wherein the handheld aggregator is configured to transmit the configuration programming to a device within the network to thereby configure the device. 15. An aggregator configured to gather data collected by one or more field-deployed sensors and to relay the data to a user, the aggregator including: a local communication arrangement configured for communication with other field-deployed devices; a power source configured to power the aggregator; a processor programmed to at least partially process data; and a storage arrangement configured to at least temporarily store data; wherein the processor is programmed to calculate an engineering value using data from multiple sensors and thereafter transmit the engineering value to a device external to the field. 16. The aggregator of claim 15, wherein the aggregator is programmed to cause field-deployed equipment to be manipulated based on the engineering value. 17. The aggregator of claim 15, wherein the aggregator is configured to poll the one or more sensors to cause the sensors to transmit data. 18. The aggregator of claim 15, wherein the aggregator is configured to receive data from the one or more sensors according to a predetermined schedule. 19. The aggregator of claim 15, further comprising an external communication arrangement configured for communication with devices external to the field. 20. The aggregator of claim 15, wherein the aggregator comprises a handheld aggregator configured to store configuration programming and wherein the handheld aggregator is configured to transmit the configuration programming to a device within the network to thereby configure the device. 