A smart drug delivery system is disclosed. The system includes a sensor component, an analytical component coupled to the sensor component and a drug delivery component coupled to the analytical component for delivering a drug to a host.
Claims 1. A smart drug delivery system comprising: a sensor component; an analytical component coupled to the sensor component; and a drug delivery component coupled to the analytical component for delivering a drug to a host. 2. The system of claim 1 further comprising: a communication interface coupled to the analytical component for communicating with an external device. 3. The system of claim 1 further comprising: an energy harvesting component coupled to the sensor component, the analytical component and the drug delivery component. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein the sensor component further comprises at least one biological sensor. 5. The system of claim 1 wherein the analytical component further comprises on-board logic and storage components for storing and tracking biological data. 6. The system of claim 1 wherein the drug delivery component further comprises a micro fluidic delivery system. 7. The system of claim 1 wherein the system is an implantable system. 8. The system of claim 1 wherein the system is an external system. 9. The system of claim 1 wherein the system is a closed loop system. 10. The system of claim 2 wherein the communication interface further comprises a wireless interface for communicating with the external device. 11. The system of claim 3 wherein the energy harvesting component generates and stores energy based on movement of the host. 12. The system of claim 3 wherein the energy harvesting component comprises a solar-powered energy harvesting component. 13. The system of claim 3 wherein the energy harvesting component comprises a piezoelectric energy harvesting component. 14. The system of claim 4 wherein the at least one biological sensor further comprises a plurality of biological sensors for: detecting a physiological state of the host; monitoring at least one biological system of the host; and monitoring at least one biological quantity within the host. 15. The system of claim 5 wherein the on-board logic is programmable. 16. The system of claim 5 wherein the on-board logic and storage components: analyze data from the sensor component; and actuate the delivery component based on the data from the sensor component. 17. The system of claim 6 wherein the micro-fluidic delivery system further comprises MEMS based pumps. 18. The system of claim 6 wherein the micro-fluidic delivery system further comprises MEMS based valves. 19. A method of delivering drugs to a host comprising: utilizing biological sensors to detect biological information; analyzing the biological information; and actuating a drug delivery system based on the analysis of the biological information. 20. The method of claim 19 wherein utilizing biological sensors to detect biological information further comprises: detecting a physiological state of the host; monitoring biological systems within the host; and monitoring at least one biological quantity within the host. 21. The method of claim 19 wherein analyzing the biological information further comprises: calculating a quantity of drugs to deliver to the host; determining when to deliver the drugs. 22. The method of claim 19 further comprising: utilizing a communication interface within the host to transmit the biological information to an external device. 23. The method of claim 19 wherein analyzing the biological information further comprises: utilizing on-board logic and storage components located within the host to analyze the biological information. 24. The method of claim 19 wherein the drug delivery system further comprises a micro-fluidic delivery system. 25. The method of claim 19 further comprising: utilizing an energy harvesting component to generate and store energy based on movement of the host. 26. The method of claim 22 wherein the communication interface further comprises a wireless communication interface. 