A dish assembly is disclosed which has a central hub (11), an outer rim member (12), and a plurality of concentric arcuate structural members (13) extending from the central hub to the outer rim member; the arcuate structural members being of box-section configuration and abutting along their inner and outer arcuate surfaces such that load can be transferred from an outer arcuate structural member to an inner arcuate structural member.
Claims 1. A dish assembly including: a central hub; an outer rim member, and a plurality of concentric arcuate structural members extending from the central hub to the outer rim member; the arcuate structural members being of box--section configuration and abutting along their inner and outer arcuate surfaces such that load can be transferred from an outer arcuate structural member to an inner arcuate structural member. 2. A dish assembly as claimed in claim 1, and including a plurality of radial support arms extending from the central hub to the outer rim member and adapted to support the ends of the arcuate structural members. 3. A dish assembly as claimed in claim 1, wherein the arcuate structural members have an upper and lower channel member which cooperate to constitute the box--section configuration. 4. A dish assembly as claimed in claim 3, wherein the upper and lower channel members are formed from substantially rectangular metal sheeting. 5. A dish assembly as claimed in claim 4, wherein the gauge of the metal sheeting from which the arcuate structural members are made is greater in an inner arcuate structural member than in an outer arcuate structural member. 6. A dish assembly as claimed in claim 5, wherein the upper and lower channel members have a transverse rib formed within the channel across the channel base between the channel flanges, the rib being formed from the base. 7. A dish assembly as claimed in claim 6, wherein the rib is formed by folding inwardly a portion of the base, the fold being deeper at one flange than the other such that the rib is correspondingly deeper at one flange than the other, whereby the rib constitutes a cantilever and whereby the edges of the substantially rectangular sheet becomes angled about the rib to thereby form the arc in the arcuate member. 8. A dish assembly as claimed in claim 3, wherein the flanges of the upper and lower channel members have outwardly and inwardly directed returns at the respective toes thereof, such that when the upper and lower channel members cooperate to constitute the arcuate structural member of box--section configuration, the returns constitute cooperating keys and recesses respectively of adjoining concentric arcuate structural members whereby load can be transferred from an outer arcuate structural member to an 40 adjoining inner arcuate structural member. 9. A dish assembly as claimed in claim 3, and including a plurality of mirrors affixed to the bases of the upper channel members whereby the dish assembly constitutes a solar collector. 10. A dish assembly as claimed in claim 9, wherein the mirrors are substantially square with sides substantially the width of the arcuate structural members. 11. A dish assembly as claimed in claim 1, and including a dish support member supportable on a; foundation and receivable within an opening in the hub member and adapted to cooperate therewith to elevate the dish assembly with respect to the foundation. 12. A dish assembly including: a central hub having a central opening therein, and a dish support member supportable on a foundation and receivable within the central opening of the hub member and adapted to cooperate with the hub member whereby the dish assembly is elevated with respect to the foundation. 13. A dish assembly as claimed in claim 12, wherein the dish support member is an arcuate beam along which the hub member travels whereby the dish can be positioned between a f ret position where it rests substantially on the ground with its axis substantially vertical and a second position where it is supported on the dish support member with its axis substantially horizontal. 14. A dish assembly as claimed in claim 13, wherein the dish support member is mounted on a rotatable platform such that the azimuthal positioning of the dish can be varied. 15. A method of erecting a dish assembly at a remote location, the dish assembly having a central hub and an outer rim member, the method including: transporting to the remote location a plurality of flat stacked substantially rectangular metal sheets or nested sections formed therefrom at the remote location forming a plurality of arcuate structural members of box--section configuration from the substantially rectangular metal sheets or from the sections formed therefrom, and positioning the plurality of arcuate structural members to extend concentrically from the central hub to the outer rim member, the arcuate structural members abutting along their inner and outer arcuate surfaces such that load can be transferred from an outer arcuate structural member to an adjoining inner arcuate structural member. 16. A method of erecting a dish assembly as claimed in claim 15, and including: positioning a plurality of radial support arms extending from the central hub to the outer rim member, and supporting the arcuate structural members on the radial support arms. 17. A method of erecting a dish assembly as claimed in claim 16, and including:--forming the substantially rectangular metal sheets or the sections formed therefrom into upper and lower channel members, and joining the upper and lower channel members to form the arcuate structural members. 18. A method of erecting a dish assembly as claimed in claim 17, and including: forming from the channel base a transverse rib across the channel base between the channel flanges within the channel. 19. A method of erecting a dish assembly as claimed in claim 18, and including: folding inwardly a portion of the base, the fold being deeper at one flange than the other such that the rib formed thereby is correspondingly deeper at one flange than the other, whereby the rib constitutes a! cantilever and whereby the edges of the substantially rectangular sheet becomes angled about the rib to thereby form the arc in the arcuate member. 20. A method of erecting a dish assembly as claimed in claim 15, and including: mounting a dish support member on a foundation, and supporting the dish assembly on the dish support member within an opening in the hub member which is adapted to cooperate with the dish support member to elevate the dish assembly with respect to the foundation. 21. A method of elevating a dish assembly above a foundation including: providing an opening in a central portion of the dish assembly; ! mounting a dish support member on the foundation; supporting the dish assembly on the dish support member within the opening, and causing the dish assembly to travel along the dish support 