A system for detecting an actual or impending overflow condition from a washroom fixture includes an overflow sensor configured with the fixture at a location to detect an abnormal rise in water level within the fixture before water overflows the fixture. A water sensor may also be disposed to detect an abnormal amount of water on the washroom floor. A data communications unit is in communication with the sensors. A washroom monitoring station is provided in wireless communication with the data communications unit and in communication with the sensors through the data communications unit. The washroom monitoring station is configured for indicating the presence of water when detected by the overflow or water sensors.
Claims 1. A system for detecting an actual or impending overflow condition from a washroom fixture, comprising: an overflow sensor configured with the fixture at a location to detect an abnormal rise in water level within the fixture before water overflows the fixture; a data communications unit in communication with said overflow sensor; and a washroom monitoring station in wireless communication with said data communications unit and in communication with said overflow sensor through said data communications unit, wherein said washroom monitoring station is configured for indicating the presence of water when detected by said overflow sensor. 2. The system as set forth in claim 1, wherein said overflow sensor is in wireless communication with said data communications unit. 3. The system as set forth in claim 1, wherein the washroom includes a plurality of toilet and sink fixtures, and further comprising a respective said overflow sensor associated with each of said fixtures, each said overflow sensor identified by a unique identification tag at said washroom monitoring station. 4. The system as set forth in claim 1, wherein said overflow sensor comprises a detector, a power supply, and control electronics, said detector located remotely from said power supply and control electronics. 5. The system as set forth in claim 4, wherein said detector is in wireless communication with said control electronics. 6. The system as set forth in claim 5, wherein said detector comprises its own power supply. 7. The system as set forth in claim 4, wherein said detector is in wired communication with said control electronics and is supplied power through said wired connection to said control electronics. 8. The system as set forth in claim 1, wherein said overflow sensor is configured with a toilet and comprises a detector located to detect an abnormal rise in water within the toilet bowl, and control electronics configured with the toilet seat. 9. The system as set forth in claim 8, wherein said control electronics are embedded within the toilet seat. 10. The system as set forth in claim 8, wherein said control electronics are attached to an underside of the toilet seat. 11. The system as set forth in claim 8, wherein said detector is adjustable in height within the toilet bowl. 12. The system as set forth in claim 8, wherein said detector is configured for mounting under the toilet bowl rim. 13. The system as set forth in claim 1, further comprising a solar panel configured for delivering power to said overflow sensor, sail solar panel generating power responsive to light conditions within the washroom. 14. The system as set forth in claim 13, wherein said overflow sensor comprises a primary rechargeable battery power source, said solar panel providing a trickle charge to said battery. 15. The system as set forth in claim 13, wherein said solar panel is a primary power source for said overflow sensor during lighted conditions within the washroom. 16. The system as set forth in claim 1, further comprising a motion generator power source configured for delivering power to said overflow sensor, said motion generator configured on a member within the washroom that is moved by patrons during normal use of the washroom to convert motion of the member into electrical power. 17. The system as set forth in claim 16, wherein said motion generator is configured with a door within the washroom to convert opening and closing motion of the door into electrical power. 18. The system as set forth in claim 17, wherein said overflow sensor comprises a primary rechargeable battery power source, said motion generator providing a periodic trickle charge to said battery. 19. The system as set forth in claim 1, wherein said overflow sensor comprises a UWB detector disposed to detect water level through a receptacle wall of the fixture. 20. The system as set forth in claim 1, wherein said overflow sensor comprises a tuned radio frequency oscillator circuit that generates a detectable shift in frequency at a predetermined water level within the fixture. 21. The system as set forth in claim 1, wherein said overflow sensor comprises an active transmitter disposed to direct a beam into a water receptacle of a washroom fixture, said overflow sensor detecting a height of water within said receptacle as a function of a characteristic of the reflected beam from the water. 22. The system as set forth in claim 21, wherein said overflow sensor comprises an ultrasonic transmitter. 23. The system as set forth in claim 21, wherein said overflow sensor comprises a laser transmitter. 24. The system as set forth in claim 21, wherein said active transmitter is recessed in a ceiling location above the fixture. 25. The system as set forth in claim 21, wherein said active transmitter is configured to remain in a rest mode until activated by a trigger signal in response to a detected activity in the washroom. 26. The system as set forth in claim 1, wherein the washroom fixture is automatically actuated, said washroom monitoring station in communication with control circuitry for the fixture and disables the fixture upon detection of an overflow condition. 27. The system as set forth in claim 1, wherein the washroom includes at least one remotely actuated isolation valve in a water supply line to said fixture, said washroom monitoring station in communication with control circuitry for said isolation valve to automatically close said isolation valve upon detection of an overflow condition. 28. The system as set forth in claim 1, further comprising at least one water sensor configured at a location to detect an abnormal amount of water at a monitored location of the washroom floor. 29. The system as set forth in claim 28, wherein said water sensor is configured to detect changes in temperature resulting from water on the washroom floor in the monitored area. 30. The system as set forth in claim 29, wherein said water sensor comprises an infrared detector. 31. The system as set forth in claim 29, wherein said infrared detector is disposed above a fixture in the washroom to monitor the floor around the fixture. 32. The system as set forth in claim 28, wherein said water sensor comprises conductive members configured to detect electrical characteristic changes resulting from water on the washroom floor in the monitored area. 33. The system as set forth in claim 32, wherein said conductive members define an open electrical circuit in the monitored floor area such that water entering the monitored area crosses at least two of said conductive members to complete the circuit, said water sensor detecting the completed circuit. 34. The system as set forth in claim 32, wherein said conductive members define a closed loop circuit in the monitored floor area such that water entering the monitored area shorts at least at part of the loop circuit, said water sensor detecting the shorted loop. 35. The system as set forth in claim 32, wherein said conductive members comprise exposed conductive polymeric beads defined in a desired pattern to provide coverage of the monitored floor area. 36. The system as set forth in claim 35, wherein said polymeric beads are electrically linked in individual legs of an open circuit configuration of said conductive members. 37. The system as set forth in claim 36, wherein said individual legs are arranged in an alternating pattern such that water crossing at least two adjacent legs completes a circuit that is detected by said water sensor. 38. The system as set fort in claim 35, wherein said polymeric beads are electrically isolated from each other and connected to common charged member. 39. The system as set fort in claim 32, wherein said conductive members are disposed on a pad placed at a desired location within the washroom. 40. The system as set forth in claim 32, wherein said conductive members are disposed directly in floor covering material in the washroom. 41. The system as set forth in claim 40, wherein said conductive members define an aesthetic design on the washroom floor. 42. The system as set forth in claim 40, wherein said conductive members are disposed in a pattern corresponding to an existing pattern on the washroom floor such that said conductive members are generally indistinguishable form other areas of the washroom floor. 43. The system as set forth in claim 32, further comprising a plurality of said water sensors provided at different locations in the washroom and in communication with said washroom monitoring station, said washroom monitoring station configured to determine any combination of location, flow rate, and flow direction of water on the washroom floor as a function of timing and sequence of detections from said plurality of water sensors. 44. A system for detecting an abnormal amount of water on the floor of a washroom, comprising: a water sensor configured at a location to detect an abnormal amount of water at a monitored location of the washroom floor. a data communications unit in communication with said overflow sensor; and a washroom monitoring station in wireless communication with said data communications unit and in communication with said water sensor through said data communications unit, wherein said washroom monitoring station is configured for indicating the presence of water when detected by said water sensor. 45. The system as set forth in claim 44, wherein said water sensor is configured to detect changes in temperature resulting from water on the washroom floor in the monitored area. 46. The system as set forth in claim 45, wherein said water sensor comprises an infrared detector. 47. The system as set forth in claim 46, wherein said infrared detector is disposed above a fixture in the washroom to monitor the floor around the fixture. 48. The system as set forth in claim 44, wherein said water sensor comprises conductive members configured to detect electrical conductance changes resulting from water on the washroom floor in the monitored area. 49. The system as set forth in claim 48, wherein said conductive members define an open electrical circuit in the monitored floor area such that water entering the monitored area completes crosses at least two of said conductive members to complete the circuit, said water sensor detecting the completed circuit. 50. The system as set forth in claim 48, wherein said conductive members define a closed loop circuit in the monitored floor area such that water entering the monitored are shorts at least at part of the loop circuit, said water sensor detecting the shorted loop. 51. The system as set forth in claim 48, wherein said conductive members comprise exposed conductive polymeric beads defined in a desired pattern to provide coverage of the monitored floor area. 52. The system as set forth in claim 51, wherein said polymeric beads are electrically linked in individual legs of an open circuit configuration of said conductive members. 53. The system as set forth in claim 52, wherein said individual legs are arranged in an alternating pattern such that water crossing at least two adjacent legs completes a circuit that is detected by said water sensor. 54. The system as set fort in claim 51, wherein said polymeric beads are electrically isolated from each other and connected to a common charged member. 55. The system as set fort in claim 48, wherein said conductive members are disposed on a pad placed at a desired location within the washroom. 56. The system as set forth in claim 48, wherein said conductive members are disposed directly in floor covering material in the washroom. 57. The system as set forth in claim 56, wherein said conductive members define an aesthetic design on the washroom floor. 58. The system as set forth in claim 56, wherein said conductive members are disposed in a pattern corresponding to an existing pattern on the washroom floor such that said conductive members are generally indistinguishable form other areas of the washroom floor. 59. The system as set forth in claim 48, further comprising a plurality of said water sensors provided at different locations in the washroom and in communication with said washroom monitoring station, said washroom monitoring station configured to determine any combination of location, flow rate, and flow direction of water on the washroom floor as a function of timing and sequence of detections from said plurality of water sensors. 