An apparatus (10) for radiant energy transfer has at least one radiant energy transfer panel (20) having a light-energy transfer surface (21) and a back surface (23). The back surface has a panel electrode (42) for an electrical connection with the at least one radiant energy transfer panel. The panel electrode is conductively coupled to a first member of a separable flexible conductive fastener. A second member of the separable flexible conductive fastener has a power connection electrode. The power connection electrode is conductively coupled to a power device (12). Mechanically engaging the first and second members of the separable flexible conductive fastener connects the panel electrode on the at least one radiant energy transfer panel to the power connection electrode.
Claims 1. An apparatus for radiant energy transfer comprising: a) at least one radiant energy transfer panel having a light-energy transfer surface and a back surface, wherein the back surface comprises a panel electrode for electrical connection with the at least one radiant energy transfer panel and wherein the panel electrode is conductively coupled to a first member of a separable flexible conductive fastener; and b) a second member of the separable flexible conductive fastener comprising a power connection electrode, wherein the power connection electrode is conductively coupled to a power device, whereby mechanically engaging the first and second members of the separable flexible conductive fastener connects the panel electrode on the at least one radiant energy transfer panel to the power connection electrode. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the separable flexible conductive fastener is a hook-and-loop type fastener. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the separable flexible conductive fastener is a beaded stem type fastener. 4. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the radiant energy transfer panel is an OLED panel. 5. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the radiant energy transfer panel comprises a plurality of individually sealed OLED segments. 6. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising an edge member extending along an edge of the at least one radiant energy transfer panel, wherein the at least one edge member redirects light from the at least one radiant energy transfer panel. 7. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the power device comprises a power supply. 8. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the power device comprises a battery. 9. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the power device obtains at least a portion of its electrical power from the radiant energy transfer panel. 10. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the radiant energy transfer panel is a photovoltaic energy panel. 11. The apparatus of claim 10 further comprising an edge member extending along an edge of the at least one radiant energy transfer panel, wherein the at least one edge member redirects light to the at least one radiant energy transfer panel. 12. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the light-energy transfer surface comprises quantum dots. 13. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the light-energy transfer surface comprises nanoparticles. 14. The apparatus of claim 1 further comprising an edge member extending along an edge of the at least one radiant energy transfer panel, wherein the at least one edge member blocks light from the at least one radiant energy transfer panel. 15. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the second member of the flexible separable conductive fastener is mechanically coupled to a supporting structure, mounting the radiant energy transfer panel thereby. 16. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the radiant energy transfer panel further has an edge comprising at least one conductive portion and wherein the power connection electrode further conductively engages an edge member such that, when the edge member is fitted against the edge of the radiant energy transfer panel, the edge member makes electrical contact with the at least one conductive portion. 17. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the second member of the separable flexible conductive fastener further comprises at least one signal trace. 18. The apparatus of claim 17 wherein the second member of the separable flexible conductive fastener comprises a removable patch for exposing the at least one signal trace. 19. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the first and second members of the separable flexible conductive fastener are mechanically keyed to allow their engagement in a proper orientation. 20. An apparatus for radiant energy transfer comprising: a) a power connection providing a power positive electrode and a power negative electrode for connection to a power device; b) at least one radiant energy transfer panel having a light-energy transfer surface and a back surface, wherein the back surface comprises a panel positive electrode and a panel negative electrode for electrical connection with the at least one radiant energy transfer panel, wherein the panel positive electrode is conductively coupled to a first member of a positive separable flexible conductive fastener; wherein the negative panel electrode is conductively coupled to a first member of a negative separable flexible conductive fastener; wherein a second member of the positive separable flexible conductive fastener is conductively coupled to the power positive electrode; wherein a second member of the negative separable flexible conductive fastener is conductively coupled to the power negative electrode; wherein connection of the panel positive electrode to the power positive electrode is made by mechanical engagement of the first and second members of the positive separable flexible conductive fastener; and wherein connection of the panel negative electrode to the power negative electrode is made by mechanical engagement of the first and second members of the negative separable flexible conductive fastener. 21. The apparatus of claim 20 wherein the separable flexible conductive fastener is a hook-and-loop type fastener. 22. The apparatus of claim 20 wherein the separable flexible conductive fastener is a beaded stem type fastener. 23. The apparatus of claim 20 wherein the radiant energy transfer panel is an OLED panel. 24. The apparatus of claim 20 wherein the radiant energy transfer panel comprises a plurality of individually sealed OLED segments. 25. The apparatus of claim 20 further comprising an edge member extending along an edge of the at least one radiant energy transfer panel, wherein the at least one edge member redirects light from the at least one radiant energy transfer panel. 26. The apparatus of claim 20 wherein the power device comprises a power supply. 27. The apparatus of claim 20 wherein the power device comprises a battery. 28. The apparatus of claim 20 wherein the power device obtains at least a portion of its electrical power from the radiant energy transfer panel. 29. The apparatus of claim 20 wherein the radiant energy transfer panel is a photovoltaic energy panel. 30. The apparatus of claim 20 wherein the light-energy transfer surface comprises quantum dots. 31. The apparatus of claim 20 wherein the light-energy transfer surface comprises nanoparticles. 32. The apparatus of claim 20 further comprising an edge member extending along an edge of the at least one radiant energy transfer panel, wherein the at least one edge member blocks light from the at least one radiant energy transfer panel. 33. An illumination apparatus comprising: a) a plurality of radiant energy transfer panels, each radiant energy transfer panel having a light-energy transfer surface and a back surface, wherein each back surface comprises at least one electrode for providing electrical connection to the radiant energy transfer panel and wherein the at least one electrode is conductively coupled to a first member of a separable flexible conductive fastener; b) a power electrode conductively coupled to a second member of the separable flexible conductive fastener, whereby the second member of the separable flexible conductive fastener is conductively coupled to a power device, whereby mechanically engaging the first and second members of the separable flexible conductive fastener connects the at least one electrode on the radiant energy transfer panel to the power electrode; and c) at least one edge member extending between adjacent radiant energy transfer panels. 34. The illumination apparatus of claim 33 wherein the at least one edge member blocks light from at least one of the plurality of radiant energy transfer panels. 35. The illumination apparatus of claim 33 wherein the at least one edge member redirects the light with respect to at least one of the radiant energy transfer panels. 36. The illumination apparatus of claim 33 wherein the second member of the separable flexible conductive fastener has a separate connection to each of two or more radiant energy transfer panels. 37. The illumination apparatus of claim 33 wherein the second member of the separable flexible conductive fastener has a separate connection to each of two or more segments within a radiant energy transfer panel. 38. An electroluminescent panel having a light-emitting surface and a back surface, wherein the electroluminescent panel comprises a plurality of individually sealed segments, wherein the electroluminescent panel is operable after being cut in a direction parallel to at least one edge, thereby allowing reduction of electroluminescent panel size in at least one dimension. 39. A photovoltaic panel having a light-emitting surface and a back surface, wherein the photovoltaic panel comprises a plurality of individually sealed segments, wherein the photovoltaic panel is operable after being cut in a direction parallel to at least one edge, thereby allowing reduction of photovoltaic panel size in at least one dimension. 40. An electrical connector comprising: a) a first member comprising a plurality of first beaded stem elements extending outward from a first base, wherein each first beaded stem element comprises at least one conductive portion; b) a second member comprising a plurality of second beaded stem elements extending outward from a second base, wherein each second beaded stem element comprises a non-conductive outer surface portion, and wherein at least a portion of the second beaded stem element extending between the non-conductive outer surface portion and the second base is conductive; and whereby engagement of the first member with the second member completes an electrical connection between conductive portions of the first and second members. 41. An electrical connector comprising: a) a first member comprising a conductive mesh along a first base; b) a second member comprising a plurality of electrically isolated beaded stem elements extending outward from a second base, wherein each beaded stem element comprises a head that has a non-conductive outer surface portion, and wherein at least a portion of the electrically-isolated beaded stem element extending between the non-conductive outer surface portion and the second base is conductive; and whereby engagement of the first member with the second member completes an electrical connection between the conductive mesh of the first member and conductive portions of the electrically isolated beaded stem elements of the second member. 42. A method for making an electrical connection to a radiant energy transfer panel, the method comprising: a) providing a radiant energy transfer panel having a light-energy transfer surface and a back surface, the back surface comprising at least one panel electrode; b) coupling a first member of a separable flexible conductive fastener to the panel electrode, whereby the panel electrode is both conductively and mechanically coupled to the first member of the separable flexible conductive fastener; and c) engaging the first member of the separable flexible conductive fastener with a second member of the separable flexible conductive fastener, wherein the second member of the separable flexible conductive fastener comprises a power connection electrode that is conductively coupled to a power device, providing electrical connection between the power device and the radiant energy transfer panel thereby. 