A solar energy supplemental air-conditioner includes a solar energy collector adapted for placing on the dashboard of the vehicle to collect solar energy and a cooling fan electrically connecting to the solar energy collector, wherein the cooling fan is located within the vehicle at a position that when the cooling fan is operated, the cooling fan is adapted for generating a cooling air as a cooling effect towards a driver side of the vehicle so as to cool down an interior temperature of the vehicle at the driver side.
Claims 1. A solar energy supplemental air-conditioner for a vehicle having a dashboard, comprising: a solar energy collector adapted for placing on said dashboard of said vehicle to collect solar energy; and a cooling fan electrically connecting to said solar energy collector, wherein said cooling fan is located within said vehicle at a position that when said cooling fan is operated, said cooling fan is adapted for generating a cooling air as a cooling effect towards a driver side of said vehicle so as to cool down an interior temperature of said vehicle at said driver side. 2. The solar energy supplemental air-conditioner, as recited in claim 1, wherein said solar energy collector comprises a plurality of solar energy collecting panels aligned side by side to form a solar energy collecting surface adapted for covering on said dashboard so as to not only collect said solar energy through a windshield of said vehicle but also to shield said dashboard. 3. The solar energy supplemental air conditioner, as recited in claim 2, wherein said solar energy collector further comprises a foldable lining having a size smaller than a size of said dashboard, wherein said solar energy collecting panels are overlapped mounted on said foldable lining for placing on said dashboard such that said solar energy collecting panels are adapted to overlappedly fold to form a compact structure for storage. 4. The solar energy supplemental air-conditioner, as recited in claim 2, wherein said solar energy collector further comprises a converting circuit electrically connecting to said solar energy collecting panels with said cooling fan for converting said solar energy into an electrical energy. 5. The solar energy supplemental air-conditioner, as recited in claim 3, wherein said solar energy collector further comprises a converting circuit electrically connecting to said solar energy collecting panels with said cooling fan for converting said solar energy into an electrical energy. 6. The solar energy supplemental air-conditioner, as recited in claim 1, further comprising a sensor switch which is electrically connecting between said solar energy collector and said cooling fan and is arranged to automatically actuate said cooling fan when said solar energy collector collects a predetermined amount of said solar energy. 7. The solar energy supplemental air-conditioner, as recited in claim 2, further comprising a sensor switch which is electrically connecting between said solar energy collector and said cooling fan and is arranged to automatically actuate said cooling fan when said solar energy collector collects a predetermined amount of said solar energy. 8. The solar energy supplemental air-conditioner, as recited in claim 5, further comprising a sensor switch which is electrically connecting between said solar energy collector and said cooling fan and is arranged to automatically actuate said cooling fan when said solar energy collector collects a predetermined amount of said solar energy. 9. The solar energy supplemental air-conditioner, as recited in claim 1, further comprising a fan housing supporting said cooling fan and a cooling agent received in said fan housing for enhancing said cooling effect of said cooling air towards said driver side of said vehicle. 10. The solar energy supplemental air-conditioner, as recited in claim 5, further comprising a fan housing supporting said cooling fan and a cooling agent received in said fan housing for enhancing said cooling effect of said cooling air towards said driver side of said vehicle. 11. The solar energy supplemental air-conditioner, as recited in claim 8, further comprising a fan housing supporting said cooling fan and a cooling agent received in said fan housing for enhancing said cooling effect of said cooling air towards said driver side of said vehicle. 12. The solar energy supplemental air-conditioner, as recited in claim 9, wherein said cooling agent, having water absorbing ability, disposed in a construction pocket for absorbing and retaining water therein and releasing said water by evaporation so as to provide a cooling effect for said cooling air. 13. The solar energy supplemental air-conditioner, as recited in claim 10, wherein said cooling agent, having water absorbing ability, disposed in a construction pocket for absorbing and retaining water therein and releasing said water by evaporation so as to provide a cooling effect for said cooling air. 14. The solar energy supplemental air-conditioner, as recited in claim 11, wherein said cooling agent, having water absorbing ability, disposed in a construction pocket for absorbing and retaining water therein and releasing said water by evaporation so as to provide a cooling effect for said cooling air. 15. The solar energy supplemental air-conditioner, as recited in claim 12, wherein said cooling agent is a solid resin disposed in said construction pocket in such a manner that when said cooling agent is soaked with water, said water is absorbed by said cooling agent to expand a size thereof and change a phase from solid to liquid, and when said interior temperature is increased, said cooling agent starts to exchange a heat energy to evaporate said water in said cooling agent. 16. The solar energy supplemental air-conditioner, as recited in claim 13, wherein said cooling agent is a solid resin disposed in said construction pocket in such a manner that when said cooling agent is soaked with water, said water is absorbed by said cooling agent to expand a size thereof and change a phase from solid to liquid, and when said interior temperature is increased, said cooling agent starts to exchange a heat energy to evaporate said water in said cooling agent. 17. The solar energy supplemental air-conditioner, as recited in claim 14, wherein said cooling agent is a solid resin disposed in said construction pocket in such a manner that when said cooling agent is soaked with water, said water is absorbed by said cooling agent to expand a size thereof and change a phase from solid to liquid, and when said interior temperature is increased, said cooling agent starts to exchange a heat energy to evaporate said water in said cooling agent. 18. The solar energy supplemental air-conditioner, as recited in claim 8, further comprising a detachable stand supporting said cooling fan thereon for detachably mounting on said dashboard to align said cooling fan towards said driver side of said vehicle. 19. The solar energy supplemental air-conditioner, as recited in claim 11, further comprising a detachable stand supporting said cooling fan thereon for detachably mounting on said dashboard to align said cooling fan towards said driver side of said vehicle. 20. The solar energy supplemental air-conditioner, as recited in claim 17, further comprising a detachable stand supporting said cooling fan thereon for detachably mounting on said dashboard to align said cooling fan towards said driver side of said vehicle. 