A construction object (a structure) that enables access to high altitudes.
Claims 1. A structure comprising: at least one base inflatable object disposed on a surface; and at least one other inflatable object disposed on said at least one base inflatable object; said at least one base inflatable object being operatively connected to said at least one other inflatable object; said operative connection enabling airflow between said at least one base inflatable object and said at least one other inflatable object. 2. The structure of claim 1 further comprising at least one conduit from said surface to the top surface of said structure, said conduit being disposed on said at least one base inflatable object and on said at least one other inflatable object. 3. The structure of claim 1 further comprising further comprising at least one further other inflatable object disposed on said at least one other inflatable object; said at least one other inflatable object being operatively connected to said at least one further other inflatable object; said operative connection enabling airflow between said at least one other inflatable object and said at least one further other inflatable object. 4. The structure of claim 1 wherein said at least one base inflatable object comprises at least two base inflatable objects; and wherein said at least one other inflatable object comprises at least two other inflatable objects. 5. The structure of claim 4 further comprising a conduit; said conduit being disposed between one of said at least two base inflatable objects and another one of said at least two base inflatable objects. 6. The structure of claim 5 where in said conduit is also disposed between one of said at least two other inflatable objects and another one of said at least two other inflatable objects. 7. The structure of claim 5 wherein said conduit is also substantially vertically disposed at a center of said structure. 8. The structure of claim 1 wherein a width of the structure, in a direction substantially parallel to said surface and at a height smaller than a height of the structure, decreases with increasing height. 9. The structure of claim 1 wherein said structure serves as an anchor point for a space elevator. 10. The structure of claim 1 wherein said at least one base inflatable object comprises at least three base inflatable objects; wherein each one of said at least three base inflatable objects comprises a compressor; each one of said at least three base inflatable objects being operatively connected in series to another one of said at least three base inflatable objects; outer ones of said at least three base inflatable objects receiving fluid from an external atmosphere, said outer ones being located substantially at a periphery of the structure; inner ones of said at least three base inflatable objects receiving fluid and providing fluid to neighboring ones of said at least three base inflatable objects; whereby high pressure inside each of the at least three base inflatable objects is achieved. 11. The structure of claim 1 wherein said at least one other inflatable object comprises at least two other inflatable objects; wherein each one of said at least two other inflatable objects comprises a compressor; each one of said at least two other inflatable objects being operatively connected in series to another one of said at least two other inflatable objects; outer ones of said at least two other inflatable objects receiving fluid from an external atmosphere, said outer ones being located substantially at a periphery of the structure; inner ones of said at least two other inflatable objects receiving fluid and providing fluid to neighboring ones of said at least two other inflatable objects; each one said at least two other inflatable objects being operatively connected to one base inflatable object from said at least three base inflatable objects; the operative connection enabling flow from one of said at least two other inflatable objects to a corresponding one of said at least three base inflatable objects. 12. A method for forming a structure, the method comprising the steps of: (a) Laying down a first layer of inflatable objects disposed on a surface, a characteristic dimension of the first layer of inflatable objects being selected in order to substantially achieve a predetermined structure height; (b) Laying down a second layer of inflatable objects, a characteristic dimension of the second layer of inflatable objects being at most equal to the characteristic dimension of the first layer of inflatable objects; (c) Repeating steps (a) and (b) until sufficient layers are obtained so that, when inflated, the predetermined structure height is substantially obtained. (d) Inflating the layers starting with an uppermost layer. 13. The method of claim 12 wherein another structure is located on top of the uppermost layer, and wherein the method comprises the step of building said another structure before inflating the layers. 14. The method of claim 13 wherein said another structure provides a function selected from space harbor, space observatory, industrial facility, science research facility, tourist facility, communication tower, solar power plant, rain water collection, and wind farm. 15. A structure comprising: a plurality of base inflatable objects disposed on a surface; wherein each one of said plurality of base inflatable objects comprises a compressor and a control component; each one of said at plurality of base inflatable objects being operatively connected in series to another one of said at least three base inflatable objects; outer ones of said plurality of base inflatable objects receiving fluid from an external atmosphere, said outer ones being located substantially at a periphery of the structure; inner ones of said plurality of base inflatable objects receiving fluid and providing fluid to neighboring ones of said plurality of base inflatable objects; and a number of pluralities of other inflatable objects; a first plurality of said number of pluralities of other inflatable objects being disposed on said plurality of base inflatable objects; wherein each inflatable object from said number of pluralities of other inflatable objects comprises a compressor and a control component; each inflatable object from one plurality of said number of pluralities of other inflatable objects being operatively connected in series to another inflatable object from said one plurality from said number of pluralities of other inflatable objects; outer inflatable objects from said number of pluralities of other inflatable objects receiving fluid from an external atmosphere, said outer inflatable objects being located substantially at a periphery of the structure; inner inflatable objects from said number of pluralities of other inflatable objects receiving fluid and providing fluid to neighboring inflatable objects from said number of pluralities of other inflatable objects; each inflatable object from said first plurality from said number of pluralities of other inflatable objects being operatively connected to one base inflatable object from said plurality of base inflatable objects; the operative connection enabling flow from one inflatable object from said first plurality from said number of pluralities of other inflatable objects to a corresponding one of said plurality of base inflatable objects; a number of inflatable objects in an uppermost plurality from said number of pluralities of other inflatable objects being smaller than a number of base inflatable objects in said plurality of base inflatable objects. 16. The structure of claim 15 wherein each base inflatable object from said plurality of base inflatable objects further comprises means for monitoring dimensions of said each base inflatable object when inflated; and wherein each inflatable object from said number of pluralities of other inflatable objects further comprises means for monitoring dimensions of said each inflatable object when inflated. 17. The structure of claim 15 wherein another structure is disposed on said uppermost plurality from said number of pluralities of other inflatable objects. 18. The structure of claim 17 wherein said another structure provides a function selected from space harbor, space observatory, industrial facility, science research facility, tourist facility, communication tower, solar power plant, rain water collection, and wind farm. 