A solar collector structural support system that affixes to a mounting surface without penetrating the mounting surface is disclosed. The invention in the preferred embodiment includes a base assembly comprising: a plurality of leg members, a center junction elements configured to receive (a) the proximal end of each of the plurality of leg members and (b) a support member configured to securely uphold at least one of the one or more one solar collectors, and at least one footing adapted to frictionally engage the mounting surface. Multiple base assemblies may be interconnected using peripheral junction elements to form arrays of solar collectors of arbitrarily large size. The peripheral junction element is configured to couple the leg members of multiple base assemblies. When connected with the present invention, a plurality of solar concentrators form an array with greater structural integrity and less susceptibility.
Claims 1. A solar collector support system for mounting one or more solar collectors to a mounting surface, the support system comprising: a plurality of base assemblies, each base assembly comprising: a plurality of leg members, each of the plurality of leg members comprising a proximal end and a distal end; a center junction element configured to connect to: (a) the proximal end of each of the plurality of leg members; and (b) a support member configured to securely uphold at least one of the one or more one solar collectors; and at least one footing adapted to frictionally engage the mounting surface; and at least one peripheral junction element configured to couple distal ends of leg members of two or more base assemblies; wherein the plurality of base assemblies are rigidly affix together in an array. 2. The solar collector support system of claim 1, wherein the plurality of leg members of one or more base assemblies are rotatably connected to the corresponding center junction element. 3. The solar collector support system of claim 2, wherein the plurality of leg members are configured to pivot to a deployed configuration in which the plurality of leg members project from the center junction element in a substantially radial pattern. 4. The solar collector support system of claim 3, wherein the plurality of leg members in the deployed configuration lie in a substantially common plane at the mounting surface. 5. The solar collector support system of claim 1, wherein the peripheral junction elements are adapted to support a wind shield. 6. The solar collector support system of claim 1, wherein the peripheral junction elements are adapted to support a ballast element. 7. The solar collector support system of claim 1, wherein the mounting surface is a roof. 8. The solar collector support system of claim 1, wherein the distal end of at least one of the plurality of leg members is configured to securely abut a structure extending from the mounting surface. 9. The solar collector support system of claim 1, wherein the distal end of the at least one of the plurality of leg members is configured to extend beyond and about a mounting surface boundary. 10. The solar collector support system of claim 1, wherein the center junction element and support member are rotatably coupled. 11. The solar collector support system of claim 10, wherein the center junction element and support member are coupled by rack and pinion gear. 12. A solar collector support system for mounting one or more solar collectors to a mounting surface, the support system comprising: a plurality of base assemblies, each base assembly comprising: a carousel configured to provide rotation about a substantially vertical axis; a plurality of leg members connected to the carousel; at least one footing adapted to frictionally engage the mounting surface; and at least one peripheral junction element configured to couple leg members of two or more base assemblies; wherein the plurality of base assemblies are rigidly affixed together in an array. 13. The solar collector support system of claim 12, wherein the plurality of leg members are rotatably affixed to the at least one footing of the corresponding base assembly. 14. The solar collector support system of claim 13, wherein the plurality of leg members are configured to rotate between a stowed configuration and a deployed configuration. 15. The solar collector support system of claim 14, wherein the plurality of leg members are configured to rotate inward adjacent to the carousel. 16. The solar collector support system of claim 12, wherein the at least one peripheral junction element is configured to support a ballast element. 