A display device including a base member and a display member affixed to at least one surface of the base member. The display member includes an image that is both fixed and selectively alterable. The display device can includes an LED circuit strip having a plurality of LEDs, which provides the appearance of a moving image or other LED display. The display device can also be a multi-media display device including a display member and identification and data capture member for receiving a wireless transmission The display device can be in the form of a wristband and can include an audio chip a power source and fastening member for securing the display device to a body or an article.
Claims 1. A display device comprising: a base member; a display member affixed to at least one surface of the base member, the display member including an image that is both fixed and selectively alterable; and a fastening member for securing the display device to an article. 2. The display device according to claim 1, wherein the display member comprises at least one of a lenticular and a photographic image. 3. The display device according to claim 1, wherein the display member comprises a continuum of images that display for a predetermined time. 4. The display device according to claim 1, wherein the base member is formed from an anti-dermatitic material. 5. The display device according to claim 1, wherein the display member is formed from a polymeric material. 6. The display device according to claim 1, wherein the display device is water repellent and moisture proof. 7. The display device according to claim 1, wherein the fastening member is selected from the group consisting of snaps, clips, hooks, buckles, Velcro.RTM., a lanyard and a lanyard pouch. 8. The display device according to claim 1, wherein the display device is a wristband. 9. A method of making a display device comprising a display member and a base member, the method comprising: mounting at least one display member onto a first image sheet comprising at least one base member, affixing the at least one display member to the at least one base member; cutting the first image sheet to into a plurality of image sheets; simultaneously removing sharp edges from the combined display member and base member; and heat sealing the at least one display member to the base member at adjoining edges. 10. The method of making a display device according to claim 9, wherein mounting a display member comprises: mounting a display member including an image that is both fixed and selectively alterable image. 11. The method of making a display device according to claim 9, wherein mounting a display member comprises: mounting a display member including a lenticular image. 12. The method of making a display device according to claim 9, wherein mounting a display member comprises: mounting at least one display member onto a first image sheet comprising at least one base member formed from an anti-dermatitic material. 13. The method of making a display device according to claim 9, wherein mounting a display member comprises: mounting at least one display member onto a first image sheet comprising at least one base member formed from a polymeric material. 14. A display device comprising: a first substrate including at least one circuit line on a surface thereof and at least one light-emitting member mounted on the at least one circuit line; a second substrate coupled to the first substrate, a plurality of controls for controlling the at least one light-emitting member, and a power source mounted on the second substrate; and a fastening member for securing the display device to an article. 15. The display device according to claim 14, wherein the first substrate comprises a rigid member, and wherein the second substrate comprises a flexible member. 16. The display device according to claim 14, wherein the fastening member is selected from the group consisting of snaps, clips, hooks, buckles, Velcro.RTM., a lanyard and a lanyard pouch. 17. The display device according to claim 16, wherein the light-emitting member is selected from the group consisting of a polymer light-emitting diode, a light-emitting diode circuit, an organic light-emitting diode, a dendrimer member and a photovoltaic member. 18. The display device according to claim 14, wherein the flexible member comprises a flexible printed circuit board material. 19. The display device according to claim 18, wherein the plurality of controls comprise an integrated circuit (IC) controller to issue timed pulses to the at least one light-emitting diode. 20. The display device according to claim 14, wherein the first and second substrates are formed from an anti-dermatitic material. 21. The display device according to claim 14, wherein the display device is a wristband. 22. A multi-media display device comprising: a display member; an identification and data capture member for receiving a wireless transmission; an audio chip; a fastening member; and a power source. 23. The multi-media display device according to claim 22, wherein the display member comprises a liquid crystal display screen. 24. The multi-media display device according to claim 22, wherein the identification and data capture member comprises one of a microprocessor and a nano-integrated circuit. 25. The multi-media display device according to claim 22, wherein the identification and data capture member comprises a device selected from the group consisting of a bar code, a Radio Frequency Identification tag, wireless and a combination Radio Frequency Identification and wireless fidelity tag. 26. The multi-media display device according to claim 22, wherein the identification and data capture member comprises a subscriber identity module card. 27. The multi-media display device according to claim 22, wherein the identification and data capture member comprises a nano-electronic member. 28. The display device according to claim 22, wherein the display device is a wristband. 29. A display device comprising: a base member; a display means for displaying an image that is both fixed and selectively alterable, the display means being affixed to at least one surface of the base member; and a fastening means for securing the display means to an article. 30. The display device according to claim 29, wherein the display means comprises at least one of a lenticular and a photographic image. 31. The display device according to claim 29, wherein the display means comprises a continuum of images that display for a predetermined time. 