An ambient electromagnetic energy collector has a magnetic core of high permeability ferromagnetic material wrapped in an inductor coil for coupling primarily to a magnetic field component of a propagating transverse electromagnetic (TEM) wave. For coupling to electromagnetic waves of a wide range of frequencies and magnitudes, the collector is coupled to a multi-phase transformer connected to a multi-phase diode voltage multiplier to provide a current source output to an associated energy storage device. An output controller supplies output power as needed to the associated energy-using device. Preferred types of ferromagnetic materials include nickel-iron alloys with a small percentage of silicon, molybdenum, or copper. It may be combined with other types of ambient energy collectors, such as acoustic/vibration, thermoelectric, and photovoltaic collectors, in a multi-source device provided with a collector interface for converting the different outputs for storage in a common energy storage device. The multi-source ambient energy collector device can be used to supply power to embedded devices, remotely deployed wireless sensors or RFID tags, and other types of monitoring devices distributed over large areas or in industrial environments.
Claims 1. An ambient energy collector and power supply device comprising: an ambient electromagnetic energy collector that couples to an ambient electromagnetic field around the device to extract energy from the ambient electromagnetic field, and an associated energy storage device for storing the extracted energy and supplying an energy output therefrom to an energy-using device, wherein the ambient electromagnetic energy collector has an inductor structure for coupling to a magnetic field component of the ambient electromagnetic field so that it can be substantially reduced in size as compared to an antenna structure for coupling to the electric field component of the ambient electromagnetic field. 2. An ambient energy collector and power supply device according to claim 1, wherein the inductor structure comprises a magnetic core element of high permeability ferromagnetic material that is wrapped in an inductor coil. 3. An ambient energy collector and power supply device according to claim 1, wherein the inductor structure is designed to couple primarily to the magnetic field component of a propagating transverse electromagnetic (TEM) wave. 4. An ambient energy collector and power supply device according to claim 1, wherein the inductor structure provides an induced voltage output from coupling to the magnetic field component of a wide range of frequencies in the ambient electromagnetic field, and said device includes a multi-phase transformer which receives the induced voltage output and is connected to a multi-phase diode voltage multiplier to provide a current source output that is stored in the energy storage device. 5. An ambient energy collector and power supply device according to claim 1, wherein the ferromagnetic material for the magnetic core element is selected from nickel-iron alloys comprising a high percentage of nickel, smaller percentage of iron, and very small percentage of an added element such as silicon, molybdenum, or copper. 6. An ambient energy collector and power supply device according to claim 1, further comprising another ambient energy collector selected from the group consisting of: an ambient acoustic/vibration energy collector; an ambient thermoelectric energy collector; and an ambient photovoltaic energy collector. 7. A method for collecting ambient energy and supplying power to a low-power energy-using device deployed or embedded remotely in a field application comprising: coupling an ambient electromagnetic energy collector to a magnetic field component of an ambient electromagnetic field in order to extract energy from the ambient electromagnetic field, and storing the extracted energy in an associated energy storage device, so that power can be supplied therefrom to the low-power energy-using device. 8. A method for collecting ambient energy and supplying power according to claim 7, wherein the ambient electromagnetic energy collector has an inductor structure comprising a magnetic core element of high permeability ferromagnetic material that is wrapped in an inductor coil. 9. A method for collecting ambient energy and supplying power according to claim 7, which is used to supply power to an energy-using device selected from the group consisting of: embedded devices; wireless sensors; RFID tags; disposable microsensors for "persistent surveillance"; continuous monitoring devices distributed over large areas; industrial sensors; self-powered actuators for automobiles; home automation, security and fire/smoke detectors systems; biomedical sensors; and bio-weapons sensors. 10. A method for collecting ambient energy and supplying power according to claim 7, further combining the ambient electromagnetic energy collector with another ambient energy collector selected from the group consisting of: an ambient acoustic and/or vibration energy collector; an ambient thermoelectric energy collector; and an ambient photovoltaic energy collector. 11. A multi-source ambient energy collector and power supply device for supplying power to a low-power energy-using device deployed or embedded remotely in a field application comprising: a plurality of types of ambient energy collectors each for extracting energy from a different source of ambient energy available in the field around the device; and a multi-source ambient energy collector interface which is coupled to the different outputs of the plurality of types of ambient energy collectors and converts the outputs into a common electrical form for storage in an associated electrical energy storage device. 12. A multi-source ambient energy collector and power supply device according to claim 11, wherein the multi-source ambient energy collector interface controls the supply of energy converted from the outputs of the plurality of types of ambient energy collectors to the electrical energy storage device by adapting the converted electrical output in correspondence to operating requirements of the electrical energy storage device. 13. A multi-source ambient energy collector and power supply device according to claim 11, wherein the electrical energy storage device is a type selected from the group consisting of: a passive electrical energy storage device like a capacitor; and an active electrochemical energy storage device like a battery. 14. A multi-source ambient energy collector and power supply device according to claim 11, wherein the plurality of types of ambient energy collectors includes types selected from the group consisting of: ambient energy collectors having AC outputs; and ambient energy collectors having DC outputs. 15. A multi-source ambient energy collector and power supply device according to claim 11, wherein the plurality of types of ambient energy collectors includes types selected from the group consisting of: electromagnetic energy collectors; acoustic/vibration energy collectors; thermoelectric energy collectors; and photovoltaic energy collectors. 16. A multi-source ambient energy collector and power supply device according to claim 11, wherein the plurality of types of ambient energy collectors includes at least an ambient electromagnetic energy collector having an inductor structure for coupling to a magnetic field component of an ambient electromagnetic field so that the device can be substantially reduced in size as compared to an antenna structure for coupling to the electric field component of the ambient electromagnetic field. 17. A multi-source ambient energy collector and power supply device according to claim 16, wherein the ambient energy collector interface includes a detector circuit for detecting a trigger signal encoded in an electromagnetic wave transmitted to the device which is decoded using the inductor structure of the ambient electromagnetic energy collector for coupling to an encoded magnetic field component of the transmitted wave. 18. An ambient electromagnetic energy collector that couples to an ambient electromagnetic field around the device to extract energy from the ambient electromagnetic field, having an inductor structure for coupling to a magnetic field component of the ambient electromagnetic field so that the collector can be substantially reduced in size as compared to an antenna structure for coupling to the electric field component of the ambient electromagnetic field. 19. An ambient electromagnetic energy collector according to claim 18, wherein the inductor structure comprises a magnetic core element of high permeability ferromagnetic material that is wrapped in an inductor coil. 20. An ambient electromagnetic energy collector according to claim 18, wherein the inductor structure provides an induced voltage output from coupling to the magnetic field component of a wide range of frequencies in the ambient electromagnetic field, and said device includes a multi-phase transformer which receives the induced voltage output and is connected to a multi-phase diode voltage multiplier to provide a current source output. 21. An ambient electromagnetic energy collector according to claim 18, wherein the ferromagnetic material for the magnetic core element is selected from nickel-iron alloys comprising a high percentage of nickel, smaller percentage of iron, and very small percentage of an added element such as silicon, molybdenum, or copper. 22. An ambient electromagnetic energy collector according to claim 18, further including a detector circuit for detecting a trigger signal encoded in an electromagnetic wave transmitted to the device which is decoded using the inductor structure of the ambient electromagnetic energy collector for coupling to an encoded magnetic field component of the transmitted wave. 