A directional support structure for use with solar panels, flat satellite antennas, and the like items that are directed toward a point in space. The support structure has a mounting plate with an extension tube extending outwardly therefrom and is pivotally secured to a mounting bracket permitting latitude alignment of the mounting plate. At least one adjustable turnbuckle is attached to the extension tube and the mounting bracket to provide adjustable alignment of the mounting plate, the turnbuckle can then be locked into position. The mounting bracket is further secured to a base member permitting rotational or azimuth positioning of the mounting plate. The base member includes an attached first flange positioned along an upper end of the base member, an attached flaring positioned to the lower end of the mounting bracket, and an unattached second flange positioned over the flaring and securable to the first flange with fasteners. The support structure can be loosely assembled with industrial solar panels or antennas yet is effortless to position for optimum directional positioning. The mounting bracket may then be rotationally positioned and the flanges fastened together to lock the mounting bracket in a fixed position.
Claims 1. A directional support structure comprising: a mounting plate having a front surface and a rear surface; an extension tube having a proximal end secured to said rear surface with a distal end extending outwardly therefrom and perpendicular thereto; a mounting bracket having a first end pivotally secured to said extension tube permitting latitude alignment of said mounting plate, and a second end secured to a base member permitting rotational positioning of said mounting plate, said base member formed from an upright column defined by a upper end spaced apart from a lower end; and at least one adjustable tie rod coupling said extension tube said mounting bracket, said tie rod coupling fixating said latitude alignment of said mounting plate; whereby items placed on said front surface of said mounting plate can be optimally positioned to face a point in space by rotatably adjusting said mounting bracket and by pivotally adjusting said extension tube. 2. The directional support structure according to claim 1 including an attached first flange positioned to said upper end of said base member, an attached flaring positioned to said lower end of said mounting bracket, and an unattached second flange positioned over said flaring and securable to said first flange with fasteners, wherein said mounting bracket may be rotationally positioned and said flanges fastened together to lock said mounting bracket in a fixed position. 3. The directional support structure according to claim 1 wherein said tie rod is further defined as a variable length turnbuckle having left hand and right hand treads for securing said latitude alignment of said mounting plate. 4. The directional support structure according to claim 3 wherein said turnbuckle is includes a locking nut. 5. The directional support structure according to claim 1 wherein said upright column is hollow. 6. The directional support structure according to claim 1 wherein said lower end of said base member is inserted into the ground. 7. The directional support structure according to claim 1 including an anchor flange secured to the bottom of said vertical column, said anchor flange available for attachment to a rigid foundation by use of fasteners. 8. The directional support structure according to claim 2 wherein said flaring is attached to said upper end of said base member and said unattached second flange is positioned beneath said flaring and securable to said first flange with fasteners, wherein said mounting bracket may be rotationally positioned and said flanges fastened together to lock said mounting bracket in a fixed position. 9. The directional support structure according to claim 1 including an offset boss for coupling to one end of said tie rod. 10. The directional support structure according to claim 1 including a tub basin securable to said mounting plate, said tub basin recessed and receptive to the placement of at least one flush mounted solar panel. 11. The directional support structure according to claim 10 wherein said tub basin includes at least one divider for receipt of additional solar panels. 12. The directional support structure according to claim 1 wherein said mounting plate is receptive to a flat satellite panel antenna. 13. The directional support structure according to claim 12 including a signal collector coupled to opposite edges of said mounting plate and bridging across said flat satellite panel antenna. 14. A directional support structure comprising: a mounting plate having a front surface and a rear surface; an extension tube having a proximal end secured to said rear surface with a distal end extending outwardly therefrom and perpendicular thereto; a mounting bracket having a first end pivotally secured to said extension tube permitting latitude alignment of said mounting plate, and a second end secured to a base member permitting rotational positioning of said mounting plate, said base member formed from a hollow upright column defined by a upper end spaced apart from a lower end, said base member having an attached first flange positioned to said upper end of said base member, an attached flaring positioned to said lower end of said mounting bracket, and an unattached second flange positioned over said flaring and securable to said first flange with fasteners, wherein said mounting bracket may be rotationally positioned and said flanges fastened together to lock said mounting bracket in a fixed position; and at least one adjustable turnbuckle coupling said extension tube said mounting bracket, said tie rod coupling fixating said latitude alignment of said mounting plate; whereby items placed on said front surface of said mounting plate can be optimally positioned to face a point in space by rotatably adjusting said mounting bracket and by pivotally adjusting said extension tube. 15. The directional support structure according to claim 14 wherein said turnbuckle includes left hand and right hand treads for securing said latitude alignment of said mounting plate. 16. The directional support structure according to claim 15 wherein said turnbuckle is includes a locking nut. 17. The directional support structure according to claim 14 wherein said hollow column includes a wire chase. 18. The directional support structure according to claim 14 wherein said lower end of said base member is inserted into the ground. 19. The directional support structure according to claim 14 including an anchor flange secured to the bottom of said vertical column, said anchor flange available for attachment to a rigid foundation by use of fasteners. 20. The directional support structure according to claim 14 wherein said flaring is attached to said upper end of said base member and said unattached second flange is positioned beneath said flaring and securable to said first flange with fasteners, wherein said mounting bracket may be rotationally positioned and said flanges fastened together to lock said mounting bracket in a fixed position. 21. The directional support structure according to claim 14 including a tub basin securable to said mounting plate, said tub basin recessed and receptive to the placement of at least one flush mounted solar panel. 22. The directional support structure according to claim 14 wherein said mounting plate is receptive to a flat satellite panel antenna. 23. The directional support structure according to claim 14 including a signal collector coupled to opposite edges of said mounting plate and bridging across said flat satellite panel antenna. 