An apparatus for charging a battery for an electronic device is described. The apparatus includes an array of photovoltaic elements for converting light energy into electrical energy. The apparatus also includes a storage element for storing electrical energy received from the array of photovoltaic elements, and an electrical cord to provide an electrical connection between the storage element and the battery. The array of photovoltaic elements and the storage element are affixed to a mounting that is attachable to and detachable from the electronic device.
Claims 1. An apparatus for charging a battery for an electronic device, said apparatus comprising: an array of photovoltaic elements for converting light energy into electrical energy; a storage element for storing electrical energy received from said array of photovoltaic elements; a mounting to which said array of photovoltaic elements and said storage element are affixed, said mounting comprising a fastening element adapted to removably couple said mounting including said array of photovoltaic elements and said storage element to said electronic device; and an electrical cord coupled to said storage element and adapted to provide an electrical connection between said storage element and said battery. 2. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said electrical cord comprises a universal adaptor comprising a plurality of different-sized plugs. 3. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein the length and width of said mounting are substantially the same as the length and width of the largest external surface of the housing of said electronic device. 4. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said electronic device comprises a first portion housing a keyboard and a second portion housing a display screen, wherein said mounting including said array of photovoltaic elements and said storage element is removably coupled to the surface of said second portion facing away from said display screen. 5. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said electronic device and said mounting including said array of photovoltaic elements and said storage element are housed within a carrying case having a light-transmitting portion, wherein said array of photovoltaic elements is aligned with said light-transmitting portion. 6. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said electronic device is housed within a carrying case, wherein said mounting including said array of photovoltaic elements and said storage element is removably coupled to an external surface of said carrying case. 7. The apparatus of claim 1 wherein said fastening element comprises a plurality of mounting clips that are aligned such that said mounting is slidably attached to the housing of said electronic device. 8. An electronic device comprising: a housing; a battery within said housing and for powering said electronic device; a mounting to which an array of photovoltaic elements and a storage element are affixed, said array of photovoltaic elements for converting light energy into electrical energy and said storage element for storing electrical energy received from said array of photovoltaic elements, wherein said mounting including said array of photovoltaic elements and said storage element are removably coupled to said housing; and an electrical cord coupled to said storage element and adapted to provide an electrical connection between said storage element and said battery. 9. The electronic device of claim 8 wherein said electrical cord comprises a universal adaptor comprising a plurality of different-sized plugs. 10. The electronic device of claim 8 wherein the length and width of said mounting are substantially the same as the length and width of the largest external surface of said housing. 11. The electronic device of claim 8 wherein said electronic device comprises a first portion housing a keyboard and a second portion housing a display screen, wherein said mounting including said array of photovoltaic elements and said storage element is removably coupled to the surface of said second portion facing away from said display screen. 12. The electronic device of claim 8 wherein said electronic device and said mounting including said array of photovoltaic elements and said storage element are housed within a carrying case having a light-transmitting surface, wherein said array of photovoltaic elements is aligned with said light-transmitting surface. 13. The electronic device of claim 8 wherein said fastening element comprises a plurality of mounting clips that are aligned such that said mounting is slidably attached to the housing of said electronic device. 14. A system for charging a battery of an electronic device, said apparatus comprising: means for converting light energy into electrical energy; means for storing electrical energy received from said means for converting; means for removably coupling a mounting to said electronic device, wherein said means for converting and said means for storing are affixed to said mounting; and means for electrically connecting said means for storing to said battery. 15. The system of claim 14 wherein said means for electrically connecting comprises a universal adaptor comprising a plurality of different-sized plugs. 16. The system of claim 14 wherein the length and width of said mounting are substantially the same as the length and width of the largest external surface of the housing of said electronic device. 17. The system of claim 14 wherein said electronic device comprises a first portion housing a keyboard and a second portion housing a display screen, wherein said mounting including said means for converting and said means for storing is removably coupled to the surface of said second portion facing away from said display screen. 18. The system of claim 14 wherein said electronic device and said mounting including said means for converting and said means for storing are housed within a carrying case having a light-transmitting portion, wherein said means for converting is aligned with said light-transmitting portion. 19. The system of claim 14 wherein said electronic device is housed within a carrying case, wherein said mounting including said means for converting and said means for storing is removably coupled to an external surface of said carrying case. 20. The system of claim 14 wherein said means for removably coupling comprises a plurality of mounting clips that are aligned such that said mounting is slidably attached to the housing of said electronic device. 