A self-contained, maintenance free, rechargeable, and portable device with a photovoltaic canopy that provides electricity to a variety of electrical devices while under direct sunlight and in the absence of sunlight. The system operates and functions accordingly in the absence of a direct power source. By utilizing solar energy, the system is free of electrical cords, thereby making it usable in a variety of applications where electrical outlets are either not readily accessible or may present a safety concern.
Claims 1. I am asking to be protected an umbrella comprising of photovoltaic material, rechargeable batteries, whether Lithium-ion, NiCad, etc, an electrical outlet, diodes, inverter, converters, electric solenoid switch(s), dc bypass, dc electrical current splitter, static inverter(s), static inverter with a built-in solenoid switch, circuit breaker(s), fuse(s), and solid and/or stranded electrical wires fit for one or different size gauge sizes, which have these components connected together in no particular series and transfers electrical current collected by the sun's radiation and chemical reaction form the photovoltaic solar panel(s) to provide electricity at any time of day, which is referred to as the "solar powered umbrella" in this patent. 2. I am asking to be protected the solar powered umbrella with the intent to use at any random location that protects against the sun's harmful ultraviolet rays and at the same time provide a user with a portable source of electricity to power up and/or charge small electrical appliances, among the many there are cell phones, laptops, televisions, CD players, radios, portable DVD/TV combination players, electric grills, electric coolers, cell phones, PDAs, string of lights, etc. 3. I am asking to be protected a portable electricity source attached to some sort of canopy, pole or stem with all of claim 1 and 2 electronic components built in, that has the capabilities to bring electrical current to electrical appliances as a power outlet. 4. I am asking to be protected a cigarette lighter outlet and household electrical outlet connected to all electrical components found in claim 1 and 2 that fit within a portable housing station while collecting solar rays be means of photovoltaic panels. 5. I am asking to be protected a solar powered self contained apparatus which delivers electricity to a variety of different electrical components. 