The object is to provide a photovoltaic power generation module that reduces the loss from a disk-shaped single crystal wafer and can make full use of arcuate cells, which have not until now been utilized effectively, and a photovoltaic power generation system employing same, to provide a photovoltaic power generation module having a high operating voltage per unit area (also called `area voltage`), and a photovoltaic power generation system employing same and, furthermore, to provide a photovoltaic power generation module that can increase the module coverage ratio relative to the effective area for installation on a house roof, and a photovoltaic power generation system employing same. The photovoltaic power generation module comprises arcuate cells divided from a disk-shaped single crystal silicon photovoltaic power generation cell, the arcuate cells having a circular arc with a central angle of 90.degree., the arcuate cells having a grid-perpendicular to the chord and at least one busbar perpendicular to the grid, and the arcuate cells being arrayed in a lattice pattern, wherein the arcuate cells have an area of 28 to 65 cm.sup.2 and 14 to 42 thereof are arrayed.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic power generation module having a rectangular shape, the module comprising: arcuate cells divided from a disk-shaped single crystal silicon photovoltaic power generation cell, wherein the arcuate cells have a circular arc with a central angle of 90.degree., the arcuate cells have a grid perpendicular to the chord and at least one busbar perpendicular to the grid, the arcuate cells are arranged as a matrix so as to form a plurality of cell rows and a plurality of cell columns perpendicular thereto, the cell rows are formed by reversing the chord-to-arc direction of adjacent arcuate cells, the cell columns are formed so that the chord-to-arc directions of adjacent arcuate cells are the same, the arcuate cells are arrayed so that ends of arcuate cells forming one cell column enter respective recessed regions between adjacent cells forming the cell column adjacent to the above cell column, and the arcuate cells have an area of 28 to 65 cm.sup.2, 14 to 42 thereof being arrayed. 2. A photovoltaic power generation module having a rectangular shape, the module comprising: arcuate cells divided from a disk-shaped single crystal silicon photovoltaic power generation cell, wherein the arcuate cells have a circular arc with a central angle of 90.degree., the arcuate cells have a grid perpendicular to the chord and at least one busbar perpendicular to the grid, the photovoltaic power generation module has an array in which two arcuate cells face each other at the chords to form a cell pair, the cell pairs being arrayed in parallel to each other in a staggered state so as to form a rectangle, and one arcuate cell filling a gap formed on edges of two sides parallel to the chord, and the arcuate cells have an area of 28 to 65 cm.sup.2, 14 to 42 thereof being arrayed. 3. A photovoltaic power generation module having a rectangular shape, the module comprising: arcuate cells divided from a disk-shaped single crystal silicon photovoltaic power generation cell, wherein the arcuate cells have a circular arc with a central angle of 90.degree., the arcuate cells have a grid perpendicular to the chord and at least one busbar perpendicular to the grid, the arcuate cells are arranged as a matrix so as to form a plurality of cell rows and a plurality of cell columns perpendicular thereto, the cell rows are formed by reversing the chord-to-arc direction of adjacent arcuate cells, the cell columns are formed so that the chord-to-arc directions of adjacent arcuate cells are the same, the arcuate cells are arrayed so that ends of arcuate cells forming one cell column enter respective recessed regions between adjacent cells forming the cell column adjacent to the above cell column, and the arcuate cells have an area of 28 to 65 cm.sup.2, 140 to 440 thereof being arrayed. 4. The photovoltaic power generation module according to claim 1, wherein the busbars of the arcuate cells are arranged in a substantially straight line. 5. The photovoltaic power generation module according to claim 1, wherein the arcuate cells have an auxiliary electrode extending from the busbar so as to intersect the grid within a region in which the grid provided on the arcuate cell does not intersect the busbar. 6. The photovoltaic power generation module according to claim 2, wherein the busbars of the arcuate cells are arranged in a substantially straight line. 7. The photovoltaic power generation module according to claim 2, wherein the arcuate cells have an auxiliary electrode extending from the busbar so as to intersect the grid within a region in which the grid provided on the arcuate cell does not intersect the busbar. 8. The photovoltaic power generation module according to claim 3, wherein the busbars of the arcuate cells are arranged in a substantially straight line. 9. The photovoltaic power generation module according to claim 3, wherein the arcuate cells have an auxiliary electrode extending from the busbar so as to intersect the grid within a region in which the grid provided on the arcuate cell does not intersect the busbar. 10. A photovoltaic power generation system, wherein the photovoltaic power generation module according to claim 1 is disposed in at least one part thereof. 11. A photovoltaic power generation system, wherein there are arranged the photovoltaic power generation module according to claim 1, and a photovoltaic power generation module having a rectangular shape, the module comprising arcuate cells divided from a disk-shaped single crystal silicon photovoltaic power generation cell, wherein the arcuate cells have a circular arc with a central angle of 90.degree., the arcuate cells have a grid parallel to the chord and at least two busbars perpendicular to the grid, the arcuate cells are arranged as a matrix so as to form a plurality of cell rows and a plurality of cell columns perpendicular thereto, the cell rows are formed by reversing the chord-to-arc direction of adjacent arcuate cells, the cell columns are formed so that the chord-to-arc directions of adjacent arcuate cells are the same, the arcuate cells are arrayed so that ends of arcuate cells forming one cell column enter respective recessed regions between adjacent cells forming the cell column adjacent to the above cell column, and the arcuate cells have an area of 28 to 65 cm.sup.2, 14 to 42 thereof being arrayed, or a photovoltaic power generation module having a rectangular shape, the module comprising arcuate cells divided from a disk-shaped single crystal silicon photovoltaic power generation cell, wherein the arcuate cells have a circular arc with a central angle of 90.degree., the arcuate cells have a grid parallel to the chord and at least two busbars perpendicular to the grid, the photovoltaic power generation module has an array in which two arcuate cells face each other at the chords to form a cell pair, the cell pairs being arrayed in parallel to each other in a staggered state so as to form a rectangle, and one arcuate cell filling a gap formed on edges of two sides parallel to the chord, and the arcuate cells have an area of 28 to 65 cm.sup.2, 14 to 42 thereof being arrayed. 12. A photovoltaic power generation system, wherein there are arranged the photovoltaic power generation module according to claim 2, and a photovoltaic power generation module having a rectangular shape, the module comprising arcuate cells divided from a disk-shaped single crystal silicon photovoltaic power generation cell, wherein the arcuate cells have a circular arc with a central angle of 90.degree., the arcuate cells have a grid parallel to the chord and at least two busbars perpendicular to the grid, the arcuate cells are arranged as a matrix so as to form a plurality of cell rows and a plurality of cell columns perpendicular thereto, the cell rows are formed by reversing the chord-to-arc direction of adjacent arcuate cells, the cell columns are formed so that the chord-to-arc directions of adjacent arcuate cells are the same, the arcuate cells are arrayed so that ends of arcuate cells forming one cell column enter respective recessed regions between adjacent cells forming the cell column adjacent to the above cell column, and the arcuate cells have an area of 28 to 65 cm.sup.2, 14 to 42 thereof being arrayed, or a photovoltaic power generation module having a rectangular shape, the module comprising arcuate cells divided from a disk-shaped single crystal silicon photovoltaic power generation cell, wherein the arcuate cells have a circular arc with a central angle of 90.degree., the arcuate cells have a grid parallel to the chord and at least two busbars perpendicular to the grid, the photovoltaic power generation module has an array in which two arcuate cells face each other at the chords to form a cell pair, the cell pairs being arrayed in parallel to each other in a staggered state so as to form a rectangle, and one arcuate cell filling a gap formed on edges of two sides parallel to the chord, and the arcuate cells have an area of 28 to 65 cm.sup.2, 14 to 42 thereof being arrayed. 13. A photovoltaic power generation system, wherein there are arranged the photovoltaic power generation module according to claim 3, and a photovoltaic power generation module having a rectangular shape, the module comprising arcuate cells divided from a disk-shaped single crystal silicon photovoltaic power generation cell, wherein the arcuate cells have a circular arc with a central angle of 90.degree., the arcuate cells have a grid parallel to the chord and at least two busbars perpendicular to the grid, the arcuate cells are arranged as a matrix so as to form a plurality of cell rows and a plurality of cell columns perpendicular thereto, the cell rows are formed by reversing the chord-to-arc direction of adjacent arcuate cells, the cell columns are formed so that the chord-to-arc directions of adjacent arcuate cells are the same, the arcuate cells are arrayed so that ends of arcuate cells forming one cell column enter respective recessed regions between adjacent cells forming the cell column adjacent to the above cell column, and the arcuate cells have an area of 28 to 65 cm.sup.2, 140 to 440 thereof being arrayed, or a photovoltaic power generation module having a rectangular shape, the module comprising arcuate cells divided from a disk-shaped single crystal silicon photovoltaic power generation cell, wherein the arcuate cells have a circular arc with a central angle of 90.degree., the arcuate cells have a grid parallel to the chord and at least two busbars perpendicular to the grid, the photovoltaic power generation module has an array in which two arcuate cells face each other at the chords to form a cell pair, the cell pairs being arrayed in parallel to each other in a staggered state so as to form a rectangle, and one arcuate cell filling a gap formed on edges of two sides parallel to the chord, and the arcuate cells have an area of 28 to 65 cm.sup.2, 140 to 440 thereof being arrayed. 14. A photovoltaic power generation system for a roof, wherein one or more of the modules according to claim 1 and a solar inverter are electrically connected, the module being fixed to the roof. 15. A photovoltaic power generation system for a roof, wherein one or more of the modules according to claim 2 and a solar inverter are electrically connected, the module being fixed to the roof. 16. A photovoltaic power generation system for a roof, wherein one or more of the modules according to claim 3 and a solar inverter are electrically connected, the module being fixed to the roof. 17. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 14, wherein it is of a grid connection type. 18. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 15, wherein it is of a grid connection type. 19. The photovoltaic power generation system according to claim 16, wherein it is of a grid connection type. 