A lightweight, molded plastic canopy has a sloped or peaked roof and mounting flanges that enable the canopy to be attached to an exterior wall above a door. The canopy is configured so that several canopies can be nested together for display and shipment.
Claims 1. A canopy comprised of: a roof having a top surface, a bottom surface, a first edge, a second edge generally parallel to the first edge, a third edge and a fourth edge generally parallel to the third edge; a sidewall having a bottom edge, a top edge, the top edge being non-parallel to the bottom edge, an inside surface and an outside surface, the top edge of the sidewall being attached to the roof along the first edge of the roof; and a mounting flange having an inside surface and an outside surface attached to one of the second edge of the roof and the third edge of the roof in a manner so that the angle between the inside surface of the mounting flange and the bottom surface of the roof enables the flange to be mounted flush against a substantially vertical surface; wherein the roof, sidewall and mounting flange are integrally molded plastic and are configured to enable one canopy to be nested and stacked on the roof of another canopy and the outside surface of the mounting flange to be surface mounted onto a planar surface. 2. The canopy of claim 1 also comprising a second sidewall having a bottom edge, a top edge, the top edge being non-parallel to the bottom edge, an inside surface and an outside surface, the top edge being attached to the roof along the second edge of the roof such that there is an obtuse angle between the inside surface and the second sidewall and the bottom surface of the roof. 3. The canopy of claim 1 also comprising at least one gutter attached to the roof. 4. The canopy of claim 3 wherein the gutter is integrally formed with the roof. 5. The canopy of claim 1 wherein the roof is molded to imitate a roof of the type selected from the group consisting of shingled roofs, shake roofs, metal roofs and tile roofs. 6. The canopy of claim 1 also comprising a socket molded into at least one of the bottom surface of the roof and the sidewall. 7. The canopy of claim 1 wherein the roof is rectangular. 8. The canopy of claim 1 also comprising a flexible member attached to one end of the roof and positioned to abut a wall on which the canopy is mounted. 9. The canopy of claim 1 also comprising: a second roof having a top surface, a bottom surface, a first edge, a second edge generally parallel to the first edge, a third edge and a fourth edge generally parallel to the third edge; a second sidewall having a bottom edge, a top edge, a top edge being non-parallel to the bottom edge, an inside surface and an outside surface, the top edge of the sidewall being attached to the roof along the first edge of the roof; a second mounting flange having an inside surface and an outside surface attached to one of the second edge of the roof and the third edge of the roof in a manner so that the angle between the inside surface of the mounting flange and the bottom surface of the roof is an acute angle, the second mounting flange being attached to the mounting flange attached to the roof; and wherein the second roof, second sidewall and mounting flange are integrally molded plastic and configured to enable one canopy to be stacked on the first roof and second roof of another canopy the outside surface of the mounting flange to be surface mounted onto a planar surface. 10. The canopy of claim 9 wherein the roof and the second roof are generally rectangular. 11. The canopy of claim 9 wherein the sidewall attached to the roof and the second sidewall are in a common plane. 12. The canopy of claim 9 wherein a space is provided between the mounting flange and the second mounting flange and also comprising a vent cap extending over the space. 13. The canopy of claim 1 also comprising at fastener connected to at least one of the roof and the sidewall, the fastener configured for attachment to a wall on which the canopy may be mounted. 14. The canopy of claim 13 wherein the fastener is a bracket having an L-shaped or a triangular shape. 15. The canopy of claim 1 also comprising at least one of a solar cell and a wind generator attached to or molded into the roof. 16. The canopy of claim 15 also comprising a battery connected to at least one of the solar cell and the wind generator and at least one of a light fixture and a light emitting diode connected to the battery. 17. The canopy of claim 1 comprising at least one of a decorative insert, nesting compartments and a bird house connected to the sidewall. 18. A canopy comprised of: a peak roof having a front edge, a rear edge, and a bottom surface; a sidewall attached to the front edge of the peaked roof such that an angle between the sidewall and the bottom surface of the peaked roof is an obtuse angle; and at least one mounting flange is attached to the rear edge of the peaked roof; wherein the peaked roof, sidewalls and mounting flange are integrally molded plastic and configured to enable one canopy to be nested and stacked on another canopy. 19. The canopy of claim 18 also comprising at least one additional sidewall attached to the peaked roof. 20. The canopy of claim 18 wherein the roof is molded to imitate a roof of the type selected from the group consisting of shingled roofs, shake roofs, metal roofs and tile roofs. 21. The canopy of claim 18 also comprising a socket molded into at least one of the bottom surface of the roof and the sidewall. 22. The canopy of claim 18 also comprising a flexible member attached to one end of the roof and positioned to abut a wall on which the canopy is mounted. 23. The canopy of claim 18 wherein the sidewall attached to the front edge is triangular and has a first area and a triangular opening is formed at the rear edge of the roof, the triangular opening having an area greater than the first area. 24. The canopy of claim 18 also comprising at least one of a solar cell and a wind generator attached to or molded into the roof. 25. The canopy of claim 24 also comprising a battery connected to at least one of the solar cell and the wind generator and at least one of a light fixture and a light emitting diode. 26. The canopy of claim 18 comprising at least one of a decorative insert, nesting compartments and a bird house connected to the sidewall. 27. The canopy of claim 18 also comprising at least one lattice extending from the peaked roof. 