Solar panels and assembled arrays thereof include a collection of relatively compact, high-capacity power units. Optical components of each power unit include a front window or surface glazing, a primary mirror, secondary mirror and receiver assembly. Primary and secondary mirrors are defined by respective perimeters, at least a portion of which may be substantially coplanar and in contact with the front window. Some primary mirrors are configured with a perimeter of alternating full and truncated sections, and are curved to a base portion forming a pilot hole therein. Receiver assembly mechanical components include an alignment tube for mating with the primary mirror's pilot hole and for housing a photovoltaic solar cell. A base plate provided adjacent to the alignment tube serves to radiate heat emitted by the solar cell, and in some embodiments an additional heat sink provides further passive cooling. A tapered optical rod also provided within the receiver assembly directs received sunlight to the solar cell where electrical current is generated.
Claims 1-19. (canceled) 20. A power unit for a solar panel, comprising: a primary mirror formed to define a pilot hole at the base thereof and curving out from said pilot hole to a first perimeter portion; and a receiver assembly, comprising: an alignment element for mating with the pilot hole of said primary mirror; and a solar cell configured to receive sunlight directed to said receiver assembly and to produce a resultant electrical current flow. 21. The power unit of claim 20, wherein said receiver assembly further comprises a base plate provided adjacent to said alignment element and configured to radiate heat emitted by said solar cell. 22. The power unit of claim 21, wherein said alignment element comprises a tapered tube portion and a substantially wider base portion, said substantially wider base portion provided adjacent to said base plate, and wherein said solar cell is mounted in said alignment element. 23. The power unit of claim 21, wherein said base plate is configured as a substantially planar conductive element. 24. The power unit of claim 21, wherein said base plate is formed with a series of substantially concentric circular portions therein to facilitate flexibility within said base plate. 25. The power unit of claim 21, wherein said receiver assembly further comprises a substrate to which said solar cell is mounted, said substrate comprising electrical connections for relaying the electrical current generated within said solar cell. 26. The power unit of claim 20, wherein said receiver assembly further comprises a heat sink provided adjacent to said solar cell for dissipating heat emitted by said solar cell. 27. The power unit of claim 20, wherein said receiver assembly further comprises an optical rod fitted at least partially within said alignment element, said optical rod configured to guide sunlight received by said power unit to said solar cell. 28. The power unit of claim 27, further comprising an anti-reflective coating provided on at least a portion of said optical rod. 29. The power unit of claim 27, wherein said optical rod is tapered away from an entrance surface thereof. 30. The power unit of claim 20, further comprising a front surface provided adjacent to and adhered to at least part of the first perimeter portion of said primary mirror, said front surface characterized by a plurality of edges. 31. The power unit of claim 30, further comprising a housing for receiving selected edges of said front surface. 32. The power unit of claim 30, further comprising an anti-reflective coating provided on said front surface. 33. The power unit of claim 30, wherein said receiver assembly further comprises a base plate provided adjacent to said alignment element and configured to radiate heat emitted by said solar cell, and wherein said base plate is coupled to said housing. 34. The power unit of claim 33, further comprising a plurality of coil springs for coupling said base plate to said housing. 35. The power unit of claim 30, further comprising a secondary mirror having a second perimeter portion provided in contact with said front surface, wherein said second mirror is positioned in a substantially linear relationship with the pilot hole of said primary mirror. 36. The power unit of claim 20, further comprising at least one mounting ring provided around said alignment element, said at least one mounting ring being configured to mate with the pilot hole formed in said primary mirror. 37-55. (canceled) 56. The power unit for a solar panel of claim 20, wherein the first perimeter portion has a near-square shape. 57. The power unit for a solar panel of claim 20, wherein the first perimeter portion has a near hexagonal shape. 