A preferred embodiment of the present invention is a mobile sign with a solar panel for warning motorists of highway problems. The mobile sign comprises support structure configured as a wheeled vehicle. In preferred embodiments, the sign panel comprises an enclosure or housing having a front transparent panel, a multiplicity of LED's in a matrixical arrangement for generating electronically changeable messages mounted in the enclosure and spaced from the front panel, and a pattern of opaque material, for example paint, applied on the exterior of the front transparent panel defining a plurality of windows for passing light therethrough. In a preferred embodiment, the windows will be in a matrixical arrangement comprising a plurality of rows and columns of individual LED's or rows and columns of groupings of LEDs.
Claims 1-16. (canceled) 17. A method of providing a changeable message signal for road side use, the method comprising the steps of: silkscreening a repeating matrixical pattern comprising a multiplicity of windows on a surface of a rectangular transparent panel; installing a circuit including a matrixical arrangement of LEDs in an enclosure; installing the transparent panel on the enclosure in a weatherproof manner, whereby the matrixical arrangement of LEDs are facing the transparent panel adjacent the windos; and mounting the enclosure on a wheeled vehicle such that the enclosure is movable with the wheeled vehicle; providing a power source on the wheeled vehicle for powering the circuit with LEDs transporting the wheeled vehicle by use of said vehicle. 18. The method of providing a changeable message signal for road side use of claim 17, further comprising the step of providing a movable solar panel on the wheeled vehicle. 19. The method of providing a changeable message signal for road side use of claim 18, further comprising the step of extending the solar panel and recharging batteries on the wheeled vehicle at a roadside position. 20. The method of providing a changeable message signal for road side use of claim 19, further comprising the step of changing the readable message roadside electronically. 21. The method of providing a changeable message signal for road side use of claim 19, moving the solar panel with the wheeled vehicle roadside to face the sun. 22. A method of providing a changeable message signal for road side use having improved sign contrast and reduction in sunlight induced heating in a sign enclosure, the method comprising the steps of: silkscreening a repeating pattern comprising a multiplicity of windows on a surface of a rectangular transparent panel; installing a circuit including a matrixical arrangement of LEDs in an enclosure; installing the transparent panel on the enclosure in a weatherproof manner, whereby the matrixical arrangement of LEDs are facing the multiplicity of windows on the transparent panel; mounting the enclosure on a wheeled vehicle whereby the silkscreened repeating pattern provides improved sign contrast and reduced heating of the enclosure from sunlight; placing the vehicle roadside; providing a message readable to passerby motorists on the sign; and electronically changing the message while the vehicle is roadside. 