A fire fighting system for fighting forest and brush fires under dry, hot and windy conditions which includes a jet engine for generating a high speed air stream, a water source for supplying water to a cooling system which lowers the water temperature to between forty and fifty degrees fahrenheit, a nozzle for injecting cold water into the air steam and a filter which provides very fine particles of cold water within the stream. The stream of cold water is directed to a forest or brush fire dropping the temperature of the fire which eventually extinguishes the fire.
Claims 1. A method for controlling and extinguishing a forest and brush fire under dry and windy conditions, comprising the steps of: (a) providing at least one jet engine to generate a high velocity air stream; (b) withdrawing water from a reservoir at ambient temperatures; (c) cooling the water withdrawn from said reservoir to a temperature of forty to fifty degrees fahrenheit; (d) providing a plurality of nozzles position in proximity to the path of said air stream; (e) injecting the water cooled to said temperature of forty to fifty degrees fahrenheit into the path of said air stream, wherein said plurality of nozzles inject the water into the path of said air stream forming an air water mixture; (f) providing a filter positioned in the path of said air water mixture; (g) generating fine particles of cold water within said air water mixture, wherein said fine particles of cold water within said air water mixture are generated by said filter; (h) projecting said fine particles of cold water into the atmosphere at the edge of said forest and brush fire dropping the temperature to forty to fifty degrees fahrenheit at the edge of said forest and brush fire which creates a barrier against said forest and brush fire; and (i) extinguishing said forest and brush fire wherein said fine particles of cold water are used to extinguish said forest and brush fire. 2. The method of claim 1 further comprising the step of preventing said forest and brush fire from spreading wherein said barrier formed by said fine particles of cold water prevents said forest and brush fire from spreading. 3. The method of claim 1 wherein the high velocity of said air stream generated by said jet engine is between 100 mph and 400 mph. 4. The method of claim 1 wherein a particle size for said fine particles of cold water is from about one micron to about forty microns. 5. The method of claim 4 wherein said filter generating said fine particles of cold water comprises a screen mesh. 6. The method of claim 1 further comprises the step of providing a velocity meter to monitor a velocity for said air stream generated by said jet engine to insure that the velocity of said air stream is between about 100 mph and 400 mph. 7. The method of claim 1 further comprising the step of providing a temperature meter for monitoring the water temperature of the water injected into said air stream to insure that the temperature of the water injected into said air stream is within said temperature of forty to fifty degrees fahrenheit. 8. A fire fighting system for controlling and extinguishing a forest and brush fire under dry and windy conditions, comprising: (a) a plurality of jet engines positioned in proximity to said forest ad brush fire, each of said plurality of jet engines generating a high velocity air stream; (b) a first pump for withdrawing water from a reservoir at ambient temperatures; (c) a cooling system connected to said first pump for receiving the water withdrawn from said reservoir, said cooling system cooling the water withdrawn from said reservoir to a temperature of forty to fifty degrees fahrenheit; (d) a plurality of nozzles, at least one of said plurality of nozzles being positioned in a path for the air stream generated by each of said jet engines; (e) a second pump connected to said cooling system and each of said plurality of nozzles to transfer pressurized cold water from said cooling system to each of said plurality of nozzles; (f) said at least one nozzle associated with each air stream injecting said pressurized cold water into the path of said air stream forming an air water mixture within said air stream; and (g) a plurality of filters, one of said filters being positioned in the path of said air stream generated by each of said jet engines, each of said filters generating fine particles of cold water within said air water mixture passing through said filter, wherein said fine particles of cold water within each of said air streams are projected into the atmosphere at the edge of said forest and brush fire dropping the temperature to forty to fifty degrees fahrenheit at the edge of said forest and brush fire which creates a barrier against said forest and brush fire containing and then extinguishing said forest and brush fire. 9. The fire fighting system of claim 8 wherein the high velocity of said air streams generated by each of said plurality of jet engines is between 100 mph and 400 mph. 10. The fire fighting system of claim 8 wherein a particle size for said fine particles of cold water is from about one micron to about forty microns. 11. The fire fighting system of claim 8 wherein each of said filters comprises a screen mesh. 12. The fire fighting system of claim 8 wherein said cooling system comprises a refrigeration unit. 13. A fire fighting system for controlling and extinguishing a forest and brush fire under dry and windy conditions, comprising: (a) a plurality of jet engines positioned in proximity to said forest ad brush fire, each of said plurality of jet engines generating a high velocity air stream; (b) a first pump for withdrawing water from a reservoir at ambient temperatures; (c) a cooling system connected to said first pump for receiving the water withdrawn from said reservoir, said cooling system cooling the water withdrawn from said reservoir to a temperature of forty to fifty degrees fahrenheit, wherein said cooling system includes a temperature control knob and temperature control circuitry for adjusting and maintaining water temperature of the water withdrawn from said reservoir; (d) a plurality of nozzles, at least one of said plurality of nozzles being positioned in a path for the air stream generated by each of said jet engines; (e) a second pump connected to said cooling system and each of said plurality of nozzles to transfer pressurized cold water from said cooling system to each of said plurality of nozzles; (f) said at least one nozzle associated with each air stream injecting said pressurized cold water into the path of said air stream forming an air water mixture within said air stream; (g) a plurality of filters, one of said filters being positioned in the path of said air stream generated by each of said jet engines, each of said filters generating fine particles of cold water within said air water mixture passing through said filter, wherein said fine particles of cold water within each of said air streams are projected into the atmosphere at the edge of said forest and brush fire dropping the temperature to forty to fifty degrees fahrenheit at the edge of said forest and brush fire which creates a barrier against said forest and brush fire containing and then extinguishing said forest and brush fire; (h) a source of fuel for providing jet fuel to each of said plurality of jet engines; (i) a third pump connected to said source of fuel and each of said plurality of jet engines, said third pump when activated transferring said jet fuel from said source of fuel to said jet engines; and (j) a source of electrical power for supplying electrical current to each of said plurality of jet engines to activate and to ignite said jet fuel to run said jet engines; (k) said source of electrical power supplying said electrical current to electric motors for each of said first, second and third pumps to activate and run the electric motors for said first, second and third pumps. 14. The fire fighting system of claim 13 further comprising a temperature meter for monitoring the water temperature within said cooling system to insure that the temperature of the water injected into each of said air streams is within said temperature of forty to fifty degrees fahrenheit. 15. The fire fighting system of claim 13 further comprising a velocity meter for monitoring the velocity of said air streams generated by said plurality of jet engines to insure that the velocity is within said range of 100 to 400 mph. 16. The fire fighting system of claim 13 wherein a particle size for said fine particles of cold water is from about one micron to about forty microns. 17. The fire fighting system of claim 13 wherein each of said filters comprises a screen mesh. 18. The fire fighting system of claim 13 wherein said cooling system comprises a refrigeration unit. 19. The fire fighting system of claim 13 further comprising a normally closed valve having an inlet port connected to said reservoir and an outlet port connected to said first pump, said normally closed valve when opened allowing said first pump to transfer the water withdrawn from said reservoir to said cooling system. 20. The fire fighting system of claim 13 wherein source of electricity comprises a diesel powered generator, an electrical transmission line or a solar powered battery source. 