In one aspect, a solar inverter which can be connected to at least one photovoltaic generator at the input end and to a power system at the output end is provided. The solar inverter includes an inverter module, an electronic control unit at least for diagnosing an inverter module, and a bus interface for technically connecting the electronic control unit to a communication bus. The electronic control unit cyclically outputs a piece of status information of the solar inverter on the communication bus, and outputs an error message on the communication bus, cyclically reads status information of other solar inverters that are connected to the communication bus, and outputs an error message on the communication bus in case at least one expected additional piece of status information fails to be output. Whereby, the need for a separate monitoring unit is eliminated.
Claims 1-13. (canceled) 14. A solar inverter effective that connects to a photovoltaic generator at the input end and connects to a power system at the output end, the solar inverter comprising: an inverter module; an electronic control unit effective to perform diagnostics on the inverter module; and a bus interface effective to establish a data processing connection between the electronic control unit and a communication bus, wherein the electronic control unit is effective to: cyclically output a first status of the solar inverter on the communication bus, cyclically read a second status of a second solar inverter connected to the communication bus, and output an error message on the communication bus in the case of the absence of the second status. 15. The solar inverter as claimed in claim 14, wherein the solar inverter has a unique bus address. 16. The solar inverter as claimed in claim 15, wherein the electronic control unit is effective to cyclically output the unique bus address of the solar inverter on the communication bus. 17. The solar inverter as claimed in claim 16, wherein the electronic control unit is effective to cyclically read a unique bus address of the second solar inverter via the communication bus, and wherein the electronic control unit has an electronic memory for storing the bus addresses of the second solar inverter. 18. The solar inverter as claimed in claim 14, wherein the cycle time for effecting cyclical output on the communication bus is adjustable. 19. The solar inverter as claimed in claim 14, wherein the cycle time for effecting cyclical reads via the communication bus is adjustable. 20. The solar inverter as claimed in claim 14, wherein the electronic control unit is a microcontroller. 21. The solar inverter as claimed in claim 14, wherein the bus interface is embodied for communicating with a communication bus type selected from the group CAN BUS, LAN, RS232 bus, RS485 bus, and USB. 22. A photovoltaic installation for effecting a feed into a power system, comprising: a solar inverter effective to connect to a photovoltaic generator, the solar inverter comprising: an inverter module, an electronic control unit effective for carrying out diagnostics on the inverter module, and a bus interface effective for establishing a data processing connection between the electronic control unit and a communication bus, wherein the electronic control unit is effective to: cyclically output a first status of the solar inverter on the communication bus, cyclically read a second status of a second solar inverter connected to the communication bus, and output an error message on the communication bus in the case of the absence of the second status. 23. The photovoltaic installation as claimed in claim 22, further comprising an electronic signaling module that includes: a bus interface for establishing a data processing connection with the communication bus, a receiver effective for receiving an error message originating from the solar inverter, and a sender effective for sending the error message to a signaling point. 24. The photovoltaic installation as claimed in claim 23, wherein the signaling module further includes a modem effective for connecting to a telephone network. 25. The photovoltaic installation as claimed in claim 24, wherein the error message is converted into a corresponding e-mail message, fax or SMS text message by the signaling module. 26. The photovoltaic installation as claimed in claim 22, wherein the signaling module further includes a GSM or a UMTS transceiver module. 27. The photovoltaic installation as claimed in claim 22, wherein the signaling module further includes a GSM and a UMTS transceiver module. 28. The photovoltaic installation as claimed in claim 22, wherein the signaling module further includes a modem effective for connecting to a telephone network. 29. The photovoltaic installation as claimed in claim 22, wherein the signaling module further includes a gateway for effecting connection to a local area network. 30. The photovoltaic installation as claimed in claim 22, wherein the error message is converted into a corresponding e-mail message, fax or SMS text message by the signaling module. 31. A photovoltaic installation for effecting a feed into a power system, comprising: a first solar inverter effective to connect to a photovoltaic generator, the solar inverter comprising: an inverter module, an electronic control unit effective for carrying out diagnostics on the inverter module, and a bus interface effective for establishing a data processing connection between the electronic control unit and a communication bus, wherein the electronic control unit is effective to cyclically output a status of the first solar inverter on the communication bus; and a second solar inverter effective to connect to a photovoltaic generator, the solar inverter comprising: an inverter module, an electronic control unit effective for carrying out diagnostics on the inverter module, and a bus interface effective for establishing a data processing connection between the electronic control unit and a communication bus, wherein the electronic control unit is effective to cyclically output a status of the second solar inverter on the communication bus, wherein the electronic control unit of the first solar inverter is effective to: cyclically read the status of the second solar inverter, and output an error message on the communication bus in the case of the absence of the status of the second solar inverter, and wherein the electronic control unit of the second solar invert is effective to: cyclically read the status of the first solar inverter, and output an error message on the communication bus in the case of the absence of the status of the first solar inverter. 32. The photovoltaic installation as claimed in claim 31, further comprising an electronic signaling module that includes: a bus interface for establishing a data processing connection with the communication bus, a receiver effective for receiving an error message originating from the first or second solar inverter, and a sender effective for sending the error message to a signaling point. 