A photovoltaic awning assembly includes a sheet of material carrying photovoltaic strips thereon. A rotatable roll receives the sheet of material and has a contoured drum at opposite ends thereof for deploying and retrieving the sheet of material through the use of a cable connected to a boom at an opposite end of the sheet. A pair of support tubes extend along opposite sides of the sheet of material, and support legs serve to position the sheet. In one embodiment of the invention, one of the support legs is out of plane with the others, introducing a saddle surface in the sheet of material to provide it with stability to resist wind. The roll for retrieving and maintaining the material is constructed of a non-metallic material such as corrugated fiberglass sheet, rolled about take-up drums at opposite ends thereof, and having reinforcing flanged disks in the interior thereof. The corrugations provide conduits for the passage of electrical conductors to an externally maintained control box. Retracting of the awning sheet is facilitated by means of a spring maintained in side rails that is loaded when the awning is deployed, and which assists in the retraction of the awning, when required. A cable is interposed between the boom of the awning and the take-up drum, passing through a pulley arrangement to achieve the desired loading of the spring. An adjustment of the spring tension is provided by bolt adjustment.
Claims 1. A deployable and retractable photovoltaic awning assembly, comprising: a sheet of photovoltaic devices; a rotatable roll receiving said sheet and adapted to alternatively rotatably pay-out said sheet and retract and retrieve said sheet; a contoured drum at opposite ends of said roll; a boom at an end of said sheet opposite said roll; a cable connected to said boom at each of opposite ends thereof, said cables being windingly received by said contoured drums; and a pair of support tubes extending along opposite edges of said sheet between said ends of said booms and said contoured drums. 2. The photovoltaic awning assembly as recited in claim 1, wherein said sheet has positioned therealong a plurality of elongated strips of photovoltaic material. 3. The photovoltaic awning assembly as recited in claim 2, wherein said strips of photovoltaic material are connected together in series. 4. The photovoltaic awning assembly as recited in claim 3, further comprising isolation relays interposed between each of said series connected photovoltaic strips. 5. The photovoltaic awning assembly as recited in claim 4, further comprising conductors interconnecting said photovoltaic strips, said conductors being received within said roll. 6. The photovoltaic awning assembly as recited in claim 5, wherein said photovoltaic strip comprises a pair of oppositely polarized strips, each said pair being joined together at said boom. 7. The photovoltaic awning assembly as recited in claim 2, wherein said roll is formed of a rolled non-metallic composite material connected to said contoured drums at opposite ends thereof. 8. The photovoltaic awning assembly as recited in claim 7, further comprising reinforcing disks interposed between said contoured drums, and about which said non-metallic composite material is rolled. 9. The photovoltaic awning assembly as recited in claim 8, wherein said non-metallic composite material is corrugated sheet material the corrugations of which provide conduits for passage of said conductors. 10. The photovoltaic awning assembly as recited in claim 8, further comprising a service box mounted adjacent one of said contoured drums and receiving therein components taken from the group comprising a disconnect switch, a DC to AC inverter, a ground fault protector, and an overcurrent protector. 11. The photovoltaic awning assembly as recited in claim 2, wherein said sheet has four corners and at least one of said corners of said sheet is out of plane with said other corners, introducing a twist into said sheet to form a saddle shape. 12. The photovoltaic awning assembly as recited in claim 11, wherein said at least one of said corners being out of plane with the others distorts the sheet from a catenary to a saddle shape. 13. The photovoltaic awning assembly as recited in claim 3, wherein each of said pair of support tubes comprises a tube having a cap at each end thereof, each cap having a pulley assembly attached thereto. 14. The photovoltaic awning assembly as recited in claim 13, wherein each said support tube comprises a spring connected at one end thereof to one of said caps, and having a pulley assembly connected to an opposite end. 15. The photovoltaic awning assembly as recited in claim 14, further comprising a cable connected to said boom and extending around said pulley assemblies and to said contoured drum. 16. The photovoltaic awning assembly as recited in claim 15, wherein said cable passes from said boom, through said pulley assembly of said cap nearest said boom, through said pulley assembly of said other cap, then through said pulley assembly connected to said spring, thence to said contoured drum. 17. The photovoltaic awning assembly as recited in claim 16, further comprising a means to adjust the tension in said spring. 18. The photovoltaic awning assembly as recited in claim 17, wherein said means comprises a bolt operatively connected to one end of said spring and having a compression spring thereabout. 19. The photovoltaic awning assembly as recited in claim 18, wherein said means further comprises markings indicative of a preset force. 20. The photovoltaic awning assembly as recited in claim 17, wherein said spring is connected to said one of said caps through a linkage having a cross section that engages an interior of said tube, thereby precluding rotation of said linkage. 