A Universal Serial Bus--Mass Storage Device (USB-MSD) based data logger may store data from sensors onto a Secure Digital (SD) card, these stored files may be analyzed on a personal computer (PC) using standard PC applications, then based on the logged data a new file for tuning may be created and transferred to a microcontroller using a desired standard protocol, e.g., MSD protocol. This file may then be decoded by the microcontroller and appropriate peripherals may be operated based on the file data.
Claims 1. A system for industrial real time data logging, automation and tuning, said system comprising: a microcontroller having input-output, a file coding and decoding module, a Universal Serial Bus (USB) port, and a non-volatile memory interface; an industrial device; power control coupled to a first power source and the industrial device, wherein the power control is coupled to the microcontroller input-output and controlled by the microcontroller; sensors coupled to the industrial device and the microcontroller input-output, wherein the sensors supply information about the industrial device to the microcontroller; a non-volatile memory coupled to the non-volatile memory interface of the microcontroller; and a second power source for powering the microcontroller and non-volatile memory; wherein a real time data logging, automation and tuning program is stored in the non-volatile memory and controls the microcontroller when the microcontroller is monitoring and controlling operation of the industrial device. 2. The system according to claim 1, further comprising a personal computer (PC) coupled to the USB port of the microcontroller. 3. The system according to claim 2, wherein the PC is used to create the real time data logging, automation and tuning program and transfer of the real time data logging, automation and tuning program to the microcontroller. 4. The system according to claim 1, further comprising a personal digital assistant (PDA) coupled to the USB port of the microcontroller. 5. The system according to claim 4, wherein the PDA is used to create the real time data logging, automation and tuning program and transfer of the real time data logging, automation and tuning program to the microcontroller. 6. The system according to claim 1, wherein the real time data logging, automation and tuning program is stored in the non-volatile memory using a standard data storage format. 7. The system according to claim 6, wherein the standard data storage format is mass storage device (MSD) protocol. 8. The system according to claim 6, wherein the standard data storage format is Serial Peripheral Interface (SPI). 9. The system according to claim 6, wherein the standard data storage format is Secure Digital (SD) bus mode. 10. The system according to claim 1, wherein the non-volatile memory is a Secure Digital (SD) card. 11. The system according to claim 1, wherein the non-volatile memory is a Multimedia Card (MMC). 12. The system according to claim 1, wherein the second power source is selected from the group consisting of battery, power supply, solar cells and fuel cells. 13. A system for medical real time data logging, automation and tuning, said system comprising: a microcontroller having input-output, a file coding and decoding module, a Universal Serial Bus (USB) port, and a non-volatile memory interface; a medical device; power control coupled to a first power source and the medical device, wherein the power control is coupled to the microcontroller input-output and controlled by the microcontroller; sensors coupled to the medical device and the microcontroller input-output, wherein the sensors supply information about the medical device to the microcontroller; a non-volatile memory coupled to the non-volatile memory interface of the microcontroller; and a second power source for powering the microcontroller and non-volatile memory; wherein a real time data logging, automation and tuning program is stored in the non-volatile memory and controls the microcontroller when the microcontroller is monitoring and controlling operation of the medical device. 14. The system according to claim 13, further comprising a personal computer (PC) coupled to the USB port of the microcontroller. 15. The system according to claim 14, wherein the PC is used to create the real time data logging, automation and tuning program and transfer of the real time data logging, automation and tuning program to the microcontroller. 16. The system according to claim 13, further comprising a personal digital assistant (PDA) coupled to the USB port of the microcontroller. 17. The system according to claim 16, wherein the PDA is used to create the real time data logging, automation and tuning program and transfer of the real time data logging, automation and tuning program to the microcontroller. 18. The system according to claim 13, wherein the real time data logging, automation and tuning program is stored in the non-volatile memory using a standard data storage format. 19. The system according to claim 18, wherein the standard data storage format is mass storage device (MSD) protocol. 20. The system according to claim 18, wherein the standard data storage format is Serial Peripheral Interface (SPI). 21. The system according to claim 18, wherein the standard data storage format is Secure Digital (SD) bus mode. 22. The system according to claim 13, wherein the non-volatile memory is a Secure Digital (SD) card. 23. The system according to claim 13, wherein the non-volatile memory is a Multimedia Card (MMC). 24. The system according to claim 13, wherein the second power source is selected from the group consisting of battery, power supply, solar cells and fuel cells. 25. A system for security real time data logging, automation and tuning, said system comprising: a microcontroller having input-output, a file coding and decoding module, a Universal Serial Bus (USB) port, and a non-volatile memory interface; at least one security device coupled to the microcontroller input-output and controlled by the microcontroller; security sensors coupled to the microcontroller input-output, wherein the sensors supply security information to the microcontroller; a non-volatile memory coupled to the non-volatile memory interface of the microcontroller; and a power source for powering the microcontroller and non-volatile memory; wherein a real time data logging, automation and tuning program is stored in the non-volatile memory and controls the microcontroller when the microcontroller is monitoring and controlling operation of the security device. 26. The system according to claim 25, further comprising a personal computer (PC) coupled to the USB port of the microcontroller. 27. The system according to claim 26, wherein the PC is used to create the real time data logging, automation and tuning program and transfer of the real time data logging, automation and tuning program to the microcontroller. 28. The system according to claim 25, further comprising a personal digital assistant (PDA) coupled to the USB port of the microcontroller. 29. The system according to claim 28, wherein the PDA is used to create the real time data logging, automation and tuning program and transfer of the real time data logging, automation and tuning program to the microcontroller. 30. The system according to claim 25, wherein the real time data logging, automation and tuning program is stored in the non-volatile memory using a standard data storage format. 31. The system according to claim 30, wherein the standard data storage format is mass storage device (MSD) protocol. 32. The system according to claim 30, wherein the standard data storage format is Serial Peripheral Interface (SPI). 33. The system according to claim 30, wherein the standard data storage format is Secure Digital (SD) bus mode. 34. The system according to claim 25, wherein the non-volatile memory is a Secure Digital (SD) card. 35. The system according to claim 25, wherein the non-volatile memory is a Multimedia Card (MMC). 36. The system according to claim 25, wherein the power source is selected from the group consisting of battery, power supply, solar cells and fuel cells. 37. A system for missile real time data logging, automation and tuning, said system comprising: a microcontroller having input-output, a file coding and decoding module, a Universal Serial Bus (USB) port, and a non-volatile memory interface; missile position control coupled to the microcontroller input-output and controlled by the microcontroller; a global position satellite (GPS) receiver coupled to the microcontroller input-output, wherein the GPS receiver supplies information about a position of the GPS receiver to the microcontroller; a non-volatile memory coupled to the non-volatile memory interface of the microcontroller; and a power source for powering the microcontroller and non-volatile memory; wherein a real time data logging, automation and tuning program is stored in the non-volatile memory and controls the microcontroller when the microcontroller is monitoring and controlling operation of the missile position control. 38. The system according to claim 37, further comprising a personal computer (PC) coupled to the USB port of the microcontroller. 39. The system according to claim 38, wherein the PC is used to create the real time data logging, automation and tuning program and transfer of the real time data logging, automation and tuning program to the microcontroller. 40. The system according to claim 37, further comprising a personal digital assistant (PDA) coupled to the USB port of the microcontroller. 41. The system according to claim 40, wherein the PDA is used to create the real time data logging, automation and tuning program and transfer of the real time data logging, automation and tuning program to the microcontroller. 42. The system according to claim 37, wherein the real time data logging, automation and tuning program is stored in the non-volatile memory using a standard data storage format. 43. The system according to claim 42, wherein the standard data storage format is mass storage device (MSD) protocol. 44. The system according to claim 42, wherein the standard data storage format is Serial Peripheral Interface (SPI). 45. The system according to claim 42, wherein the standard data storage format is Secure Digital (SD) bus mode. 46. The system according to claim 37, wherein the non-volatile memory is a Secure Digital (SD) card. 47. The system according to claim 37, wherein the non-volatile memory is a Multimedia Card (MMC). 48. The system according to claim 37, wherein the power source is selected from the group consisting of battery, power supply, solar cells and fuel cells. 49. A system for vehicle real time data logging, automation and tuning, said system comprising: a microcontroller having input-output, a file coding and decoding module, a Universal Serial Bus (USB) port, and a non-volatile memory interface; vehicle drive controls coupled to the microcontroller input-output and controlled by the microcontroller, the vehicle controls adapted for controlling a vehicle; a global position satellite (GPS) receiver coupled to the microcontroller input-output, wherein the GPS receiver supplies information about a position of the GPS receiver to the microcontroller; vehicle sensors coupled to the microcontroller input-output, wherein the vehicle sensors supply information about operation of the vehicle to the microcontroller; a non-volatile memory coupled to the non-volatile memory interface of the microcontroller; and a power source for powering the microcontroller and non-volatile memory; wherein a real time data logging, automation and tuning program is stored in the non-volatile memory and controls the microcontroller when the microcontroller is monitoring and controlling operation of the vehicle drive controls. 50. The system according to claim 49, further comprising a personal computer (PC) coupled to the USB port of the microcontroller. 51. The system according to claim 50, wherein the PC is used to create the real time data logging, automation and tuning program and transfer of the real time data logging, automation and tuning program to the microcontroller. 52. The system according to claim 49, further comprising a personal digital assistant (PDA) coupled to the USB port of the microcontroller. 53. The system according to claim 52, wherein the PDA is used to create the real time data logging, automation and tuning program and transfer of the real time data logging, automation and tuning program to the microcontroller. 54. The system according to claim 49, wherein the real time data logging, automation and tuning program is stored in the non-volatile memory using a standard data storage format. 55. The system according to claim 54, wherein the standard data storage format is mass storage device (MSD) protocol. 56. The system according to claim 54, wherein the standard data storage format is Serial Peripheral Interface (SPI). 57. The system according to claim 54, wherein the standard data storage format is Secure Digital (SD) bus mode. 58. The system according to claim 49, wherein the non-volatile memory is a Secure Digital (SD) card. 59. The system according to claim 49, wherein the non-volatile memory is a Multimedia Card (MMC). 60. The system according to claim 49, wherein the power source is a vehicle battery. 