A trash compactor designed for public use is powered by a photovoltaic cell array. This allows the trash compactor to be placed in locations where no power is available, but with frequent human traffic. The compaction feature allows the unit to be emptied less often than a typical trash container. The trash compactor can include a storage system to store power for compaction cycles. A removable bin allows easy removal of the compacted trash. The removable bin can include multiple chambers for different trash types.
Claims 1. A material compactor, comprising: a photovoltaic panel positioned to be exposed to sunlight, to convert received sunlight into electric power; a storage battery electrically connected to said photovoltaic panel; a controller electrically connected to said storage battery, monitoring compactions and said storage battery; a compaction ram located within an enclosure, said compaction ram positioned to travel along a preset path within said enclosure; a driving mechanism electrically connected to said storage battery, said driving mechanism providing force to said compaction ram to move said compaction ram along said preset path within said enclosure; and an access door, located on said enclosure, said access door providing user access within said enclosure to introduce materials to be compacted within said enclosure by said compaction ram. 2. The material compactor of claim 1, further including: a compaction chamber, located within said enclosure, wherein when said compaction ram travels along said preset path within said enclosure, said compaction ram travels within at least a part of said compaction chamber. 3. The material compactor of claim 2, wherein said compaction ram is outside of said compaction chamber at one end of said preset path. 4. The material compactor of claim 1 further including hydraulic means and wherein said hydraulic means drives said compaction ram. 5. The material compactor of claim 2 wherein said materials are introduced into said enclosure via said access door settle into said compaction chamber, and wherein when said compaction ram travels along said preset path within said enclosure, said compaction ram compresses said materials within said compaction chamber. 6. The material compactor of claim 1 further including pressure sensors in communication with said driving mechanism and configured to control actuation of said compaction ram. 7. The material compactor of claim 1 further including an inverter converting Direct Current from said storage battery to Alternating Current. 8. The material compactor of claim 1 wherein said storage battery and said controller are in a second enclosure having said photovoltaic panel mounted proximate thereto. 9. The material compactor of claim 1 further including at least one photosensor in communication with said driving mechanism and configured to control actuation of said compaction ram. 10. The material compactor of claim 1 wherein said photovoltaic panel is pivotally mounted and powered to track sunlight exposure. 11. A solar powered trash compactor comprising: a first enclosure; a photovoltaic panel located proximate to said first enclosure, said photovoltaic panel positioned to be exposed to sunlight, to convert said received sunlight into electric power; a storage battery electrically connected to said photovoltaic panel; a controller electrically connected to said storage battery, monitoring compactions and said storage battery; at least one electric motor located within said first enclosure and electrically connected to said storage battery; a drive mechanism connected to said at least one electric motor in said first enclosure; a second enclosure releasably connected to said drive mechanism; a compaction ram disposed substantially within said second enclosure, said compaction ram configured to be moved by said drive mechanism along a preset path substantially within said second enclosure; and a bin, located within said second enclosure, and positioned so that when said compaction ram travels along said preset path within said second enclosure, said compaction ram travels within at least a part of said bin. 12. The solar powered trash compactor of claim 11 wherein said second enclosure includes at least one compaction chamber. 13. The solar powered trash compactor of claim 12 further comprising at least one access door, located on said second enclosure, to allow access into said at least one compaction chamber. 14. The solar powered trash compactor of claim 11 wherein said drive mechanism is a hydraulic fluid drive mechanism. 15. The solar powered trash compactor of claim 11 further including pressure sensors in communication with said drive mechanism and configured to control actuation of said compaction ram. 16. The solar powered trash compactor of claim 11 further including an inverter converting Direct Current from said storage battery to Alternating Current. 17. The solar powered trash compactor of claim 11 further including at least one photosensor in communication with said driving mechanism and configured to control actuation of said compaction ram. 18. The solar powered trash compactor of claim 11 wherein said photovoltaic panel is pivotally mounted and configured to track sunlight exposure. 