An apparatus for converting a low voltage alternating current (AC) wiring circuit to a high speed data communications link, comprising a primary coupling circuit and a secondary coupling circuit. The apparatus provides low voltage AC power to a data device and couples data signals between the data device and the AC power line via the converted low voltage AC wiring circuit. An example is provided for retrofitting a door chime system to a high speed data link such as a video camera system.
Claims 1. Apparatus for converting a doorbell wiring circuit to a high speed data communications link, comprising: an entry unit coupled to the doorbell wiring circuit at an entrance of a building and further including a video camera coupled to the doorbell wiring circuit for producing a video image of a visitor at the entrance and providing a signal output on the doorbell wiring circuit; and a transceiver unit coupled to the doorbell wiring circuit at a location of a door chime unit in the building; the transceiver further comprising: a receiving circuit, for receiving the signal output from the doorbell wiring circuit and converting the signal output to wireless data; and a transmitting circuit for transmitting the wireless data to a monitor unit within the building. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the entry unit comprises: an encoder for encoding the video image from the camera into the signal output for transmission on the doorbell wiring circuit; and a control processor having control outputs coupled to the video camera and the encoder. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the control processor includes first and second control terminals coupled to a doorbell switch for operating the door chime. 4. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the receiving circuit comprises: an interface circuit coupled between the doorbell wiring circuit and the receiving circuit; and a data converter having an input coupled from an output of the receiving circuit and providing a wireless data output. 5. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein the transmitting circuit comprises: a transmitter having an input coupled to the wireless data output and an output coupled to an antenna for emitting a wireless signal to the monitor unit within the building. 6. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the entry unit further comprises: a battery for supplying operating voltages to the entry unit. 7. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the entry unit comprises: an audio transducer for detecting and emitting sound at the entrance and having a sound output coupled to a sound input of the encoder. 8. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein signals present at the sound input of the encoder are combined in the encoder with the video image. 9. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the transceiver unit is coupled to a standard AC power line via a step down transformer. 10. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein the step down transformer is an existing transformer provided with an existing low voltage AC control circuit selected from the group consisting of a doorbell chime system, a security alarm system and a HVAC system. 11. Apparatus for converting a low voltage alternating current (AC) wiring circuit to a high speed data communications link, comprising: a primary coupling circuit for connecting between a standard voltage alternating current (AC) power line circuit and the low voltage AC wiring circuit wherein the primary coupling circuit provides a low voltage AC power output and the primary coupling circuit couples data signals in downstream and upstream directions through the primary coupling circuit; and a secondary coupling circuit for connecting between the low voltage wiring circuit and a low voltage powered data communications device wherein low voltage AC power is provided to the data communications device and data signals are coupled through the secondary coupling circuit in upstream and downstream directions. 12. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein the primary coupling circuit comprises: a step down transformer having a primary winding and a secondary winding for converting the standard voltage AC to the low voltage AC; and an RF bypass circuit for providing an isolated path for coupling RF data between the secondary winding and the primary winding. 13. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein the secondary coupling circuit comprises: a first port providing a filtered low voltage AC output for powering a connected device; and a second port providing an isolated RF data path for conducting data to and from the connected device. 14. The apparatus of claim 11, wherein further comprising: a low voltage AC wiring circuit connected between the primary coupling circuit and the secondary coupling circuit for powering and conducting high speed data to and from a connected data communication device. 15. A method for converting a low voltage alternating current (AC) wiring circuit to a high speed data communication circuit, comprising the steps of: providing a primary coupling circuit for connecting between a standard voltage alternating current (AC) power line circuit and the low voltage AC wiring circuit; and providing a secondary coupling circuit for connecting between the low voltage AC wiring circuit and a low voltage powered data communications device. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein the step of providing a primary coupling circuit further comprises the step of: providing within the primary coupling circuit a stepped-down AC voltage and an isolated data coupling circuit for coupling data signals in downstream and upstream directions through the primary coupling circuit. 17. The method of claim 15, wherein the step of providing a secondary coupling circuit further comprises the step of: providing within the secondary coupling circuit a filtered low voltage AC power output for powering the data communications device and an isolated data signal port for coupling data signals in upstream and downstream directions. 18. The method of claim 15, wherein providing the primary coupling circuit further comprises the step of: providing a step down transformer having a primary winding and a secondary winding for converting the standard voltage AC to the low voltage AC; and providing an RF bypass circuit having an isolated path for coupling RF data between the secondary winding and the primary winding. 19. The method of claim 15, wherein providing the secondary coupling circuit further comprises the step of: providing a filtered low voltage AC output at a first port for powering a connected device; and providing an isolated RF data path at a second port for conducting data to and from the connected device. 20. The method of claim 15, wherein further comprising: providing a low voltage AC wiring circuit connected between the primary coupling circuit and the secondary coupling circuit for powering, and conducting high speed data to and from, a connected data communication device. 21. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the entry unit further comprises a power source selected from the group consisting of solar power, signal-derived power, storage capacitor and AC line supplied power. 22. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the control processor includes first and second control terminals coupled to a doorbell switch for activating the entry unit. 23. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the control processor includes first and second control terminals coupled to a hands-free sensor device providing an output signal for activating the entry unit. 