A domotic system (1B) for the centralized drive, control and management of domestic appliances, devices, apparatuses, installations (4.1 . . . 4.n) existing in a dwelling-house, consisting of a logic unit (2) of remote drive, control and management and a plurality of the apparatuses, devices and installations (4.1 . . . 4.n), characterized in that the apparatuses, devices and installations (4.1 . . . 4.n) are provided each with wireless communication elements (20) by which they are remote driven, controlled and managed by the remote logic unit (2) which is also provided with its own central wireless communication elements (23).
Claims 1-12. (canceled) 13. A domotic system (1B) for the centralized drive, control and management of domestic appliances, devices, apparatuses, installations (4.1 . . . 4.n) existing in a dwelling-house, consisting of a logic unit (2) of remote drive, control and management and a plurality of said apparatuses, devices and installations (4.1 . . . 4.n), wherein said apparatuses, devices and installations (4.1 . . . 4.n) are provided each with wireless communication means (20) by which they are remote driven, controlled ad managed by said remote logic unit (2) which is also provided with its own central wireless communication means (23), characterized in that said apparatuses, devices and installations (4.1 . . . 4.n) are all lacking in their man-machine interface components both of electronic kind (5) such as display, monitor, LEDs, etc. and mechanical kind (6) such as knobs, buttons, levers, etc.; being further provided a docking station (25) suitable to be connected to remote logic unit (2), which docking station (25) communicates with a smart inverter of the known type associated to electric photovoltaic sources or other alternative power sources so that docking station 25 can receive data about consumptions from the inverter so that it can produce a signal causing the load to be switched off and/or carries out directly such an operation as a function of the parameters adjusted by the user. 14. The domotic system (1B) according to claim 13, characterized in that said wireless communication means consists of respective radio transceivers (20), and said central wireless communication means of remote logic unit (2) consists of a central transceiver (23) able to communicate with each said transceiver (20). 15. The domotic system (1B) according to claim 14, characterized in that said transceivers (20) installed on board of each apparatus are electronic SRD (Short Range Devices). 16. The domotic system (1B) according to claim 13, characterized in that said remote logic unit (2) driving, controlling and managing said plurality of apparatuses (4.1 . . . 4.n) is provided with its own centralized man-machine interface means of electronic (21) and/or mechanical (22) kinds. 17. The domotic system (1B) according to claim 13, characterized in that said remote logic unit (2) is portable. 18. The domotic system (1B) according to claim 13, characterized in that said docking station (25) is able to communicate with the respective companies of manufacturing of apparatuses, devices, and installations (4.1 . . . 4.n), thus providing that the latter can exchange data with their own manufacturing companies through logic unit (2) and docking station (25). 19. The domotic system (1B) according to the claim 13, characterized in that said remote logic unit (2) includes said docking station (25). 20. The domotic system (1B) according to claim 13, characterized in that said portable remote logic unit (2) for driving, controlling and managing apparatuses includes essentially: a central transceiver (23), a microcontroller (24), a storage battery (26), a specific man-machine interface component set consisting for example of a push-button panel (27), a video display (28) for displaying data collected and transmitted, and a buzzer (29) for signalling data input at any time. 21. The domotic system (1B) according to claim 17, characterized in that said remote logic unit (2) has the size of a manual remote control and is provided with an electronic (21) and mechanical (22) man-machine interface that can be used to manage the operations of all apparatuses, devices and installations (4.1 . . . 4.n). 22. A domotic agency (7) for driving, controlling and managing centrally apparatuses and installations (4.1 . . . 4.n) existing in a dwelling-house, characterized in that there is provided a domotic system (1B) according to claim 13. 