A revolutionary solar collecting system for effectively and efficiently harnessing the sun's energy is shown. This system tracks the sun and maintains a constant focal point or sub-focal point to at least partially condense the sun's rays into a high-energy beam that is then redirected to a predetermined location for generating electrical power, heat energy, steam, and/or any other well-known application. The revolutionary system of the invention is low-cost, low maintenance, and is capable of significantly reducing energy costs.
Claims 1. A solar collecting system for generating electrical power, heat energy, and/or steam, said system comprising: (a) a parabolic solar collector panel having a predetermined radius capable of receiving rays of the sun moving along a first path; (b) a first arm for mounting said panel for receiving said rays and reflecting said rays along a second path to one of a focal point, which is approximately 1/2 said predetermined radius, and a sub-focal point, which is less than 1/2 said predetermined radius, where said rays become at least partially condensed; (c) a second arm having a first end and a second end, said first end of said arm extending above and in a parallel plane with a portion of said solar collector panel; (d) a cross-beam extending between and connecting said first arm and said second arm to form a frame assembly; (e) at least one deflecting mirror mounted at said first end of said second arm at substantially one of said focal point and sub-focal point for receiving said condensed rays and redirecting said rays along at least a third path different from said first and second paths; (f) a gear assembly attached to a second end of said second arm, said gear assembly having a center portion inline with one of said focal point and said sub-focal point to form an imaginary axis; (g) means for operating said gear assembly to rotate said frame assembly according to movement of the sun such that said collector panel travels over an arc path, the center of which is one of said focal point and said sub-focal point of said collector panel, said collector panel traveling over said arc path which is 1/2 said radius or less than 1/2 said radius of said collector panel, said collector panel traveling over said arc path which is perpendicular with respect to said imaginary axis extending from said center portion of said gear assembly, one of said focal point and said sub-focal point, and a center portion of said deflecting mirror, said means for operating said gear assembly maintaining said collector panel in a position which is perpendicular with said sun's rays; and (h) a final target for receiving said condensed rays from said third path and converting said rays into one of electrical power, heat energy and/or steam. 2. A solar collecting system as recited in claim 1 including means for adjusting said solar collector panel as a result of seasonal changes to optimize the amount of sun energy applied to said solar collector panel. 3. A solar collecting system as recited in claim 1 wherein said at least one deflecting mirror is mounted at an approximately 45.degree. angle with respect to one of said focal point and said sub-focal point. 4. A solar collecting system as recited in claim 3 wherein said at least one deflecting mirror mounted at substantially one of said focal point and sub-focal point is capable of deflecting said rays from said second path and redirecting said condensed rays along said third path at an approximately 90.degree. angle with respect to said first path. 5. A solar collecting system as recited in claim 1 wherein said deflecting mirror comprises a split mirror comprising a larger mirror having a center mirror portion mounted at an opposite angle with respect to said larger mirror and wherein said larger mirror is capable of redirecting a first portion of said condensed rays along said third path and said center mirror is capable of redirecting a second portion of said condensed rays along a fourth path which is different from said third path. 6. A solar collecting system as recited in claim 5 wherein said larger mirror and said center mirror are mounted at approximately 90.degree. with respect to each other and mounted at an approximately 45.degree. angle with respect to substantially one of said focal point and said sub-focal point for redirecting said condensed rays along said third and fourth paths at approximately 90.degree. with respect to said first path and at approximately 180.degree. with respect to each other. 7. A solar collecting system as recited in claim 6 wherein said second arm for mounting said deflecting mirror comprises a tubular member enclosing a fiber-optic cord for transmitting said rays along said fourth path. 8. A solar collecting system as recited in claim 7 including valves extending along the length of said tubular member to allow a cooling medium to circulate inside said member around said fiber optic cord and adjacent to said deflecting mirror. 9. A solar collecting system as recited in claim 1 wherein said at least one deflecting mirror is capable of being removed from said second end of said second arm and wherein said second end is capable of receiving a replacement deflecting mirror in order to change one of the size and/or shape of said deflecting mirror, replace said deflecting mirror with a split mirror, and/or to perform maintenance on said deflecting mirror. 10. A solar collecting system as recited in claim 1 including at least one photovoltaic cell sheet mounted on said solar collector panel for providing energy capable of operating one of said gear motor or another accessory item. 11. A solar collecting system as recited in claim 1 including a photocell mounted one of inside and outside said solar collector panel or on said solar collector panel for tracking the sun's movement with respect to said solar collector panel and for controlling movement of said panel along said arc such that said solar collector panel remains approximately perpendicular with respect to the sun's rays. 12. A solar collecting system as recited in claim 11 wherein said photocell is placed within an upright coned funnel and said photocell is capable of sending a signal for stopping the rotation of said solar collector panel upon the application of sunlight into said funnel and restarting the rotation of said solar collector panel upon removal of such sunlight within said funnel. 13. A solar collecting system as recited in claim 1 wherein said solar collector panel comprises a deep dish parabolic panel. 14. A solar collecting system as recited in claim 12 wherein said deep dish parabolic panel is formed by converting a shallow parabolic collector panel by means of a series of foldable flaps having a predetermined curvature attached to a top rim of the parabolic panel which are capable of being folded upright to form said deep dish parabolic panel, said predetermined curvature of said series of flaps forming said deep dish parabolic panel being equal to said predetermined radius to maintain a constant focal point and said foldable flaps having a predetermined height which produces a sidewall of said collector panel that does not exceed the level of said radius of said parabolic collector panel. 15. A solar collecting system as recited in claim 14 wherein said series of flaps are formed from one of reflecting mirrors, photovoltaic material, and a combination of mirrors and photovoltaic material. 16. A solar collecting system as recited in claim 13 including a window in a side portion of said deep dish panel for allowing said redirected rays moving along said third path to escape through said panel. 17. A solar collecting system as recited in claim 6 wherein said solar collecting panel comprises a deep dish parabolic panel including a pair of windows in opposing side portions of said panel for allowing said second arm to enter through one of said windows and sending redirected rays moving along said fourth path to escape through said panel and for sending redirected rays moving along said third path to escape through the other of said window. 18. A solar collecting panel as recited in claim 1 wherein said condensed rays from said third path move through one of a lens box and/or lens frame to divert said rays according to a predetermined location of said final target. 19. A solar collecting system as recited in claim 18 wherein said lens box and/or lens frame includes at least one lens having one of a concave, convex, cylindrical shape, and any combination thereof capable of correcting any distortion of the condensed rays to said predetermined location. 20. A solar collecting system as recited in claim 18 including a first means for cooling one of said lens box, said lens frame, and said fiber optic cable and a second means for cooling said deflecting mirror. 21. A solar collecting system as recited in claim 1 wherein said solar collecting panel can comprise any shape capable of maintaining a constant focal point and can be formed from removable components comprising one of a series of multiple mirrors of varying sizes and/or shapes, a series of photovoltaic cells, and a combination of mirrors and photovoltaic cells, each of said components having said predetermined radius capable of maintaining said constant focal point. 22. A solar collector system as recited in claim 1 wherein said deflecting mirror comprises one of a flat, concave, and convex shape to correct ray condensation to send it on said third path for a predetermined distance. 23. A solar collector system as recited in claim 1 including means to move one of said first arm and said second arm in a vertical direction along said cross-beam to change the distance between said solar collector panel and said deflecting mirror from said focal point to said sub-focal point. 24. A solar collecting system for generating electrical power, heat energy, and/or steam, said system comprising: (a) a parabolic solar collector panel having a predetermined radius capable of receiving rays of the sun moving along a first path; (b) a first arm having a first end and a second end, said first end having said solar collector panel mounted thereon in a position capable of receiving said rays and reflecting said rays along a second path to one of a focal point, which is approximately 1/2 said predetermined radius, and a sub-focal point, which is less than 1/2 said predetermined radius, where said rays become at least partially condensed; (c) at least one deflecting mirror mounted above said solar collector panel at substantially one of said focal point and sub-focal point for receiving said condensed rays and redirecting said rays along at least a third path different from said first and second paths; (d) means for mounting said at least one deflecting mirror; (e) a gear assembly attached to said second end of said first arm, said gear assembly having a center portion inline with one of said focal point and said sub-focal point to form an imaginary axis; (f) means for operating said gear assembly to rotate said collector panel according to movement of the sun such that said collector panel travels over an arc path, the center of which is one of said focal point and said sub-focal point of said collector panel, said collector panel traveling over said arc path which is 1/2 said radius or less than 1/2 said radius of said collector panel, said collector panel traveling over said arc path which is perpendicular with respect to said imaginary axis extending from said center portion of said gear assembly, one of said focal point and said sub-focal point, and a center portion of said deflecting mirror, said means for operating said gear assembly maintaining said collector panel in a position which is perpendicular with said sun's rays; (g) a final target for receiving said condensed rays from said third path and converting said rays into one of electrical power, heat energy and/or steam. 25. A solar collecting system as recited in claim 24 including means for adjusting said solar collector panel as a result of seasonal changes to optimize the amount of sun energy applied to said solar collector panel. 26. A solar collecting system as recited in claim 24 wherein said at least one deflecting mirror is mounted at an approximately 45.degree. angle with respect to said one of said focal point and said sub-focal point. 27. A solar collecting system as recited in claim 26 wherein said at least one deflecting mirror mounted at substantially one of said focal point and said sub-focal point is capable of deflecting said rays from said second path and redirecting said condensed rays along said third path at an approximately 90.degree. angle with respect to said first path. 28. A solar collecting system as recited in claim 24 wherein said deflecting mirror comprises a split mirror comprising a larger mirror having a center mirror portion mounted at an opposite angle with respect to said larger mirror and wherein said larger mirror is capable of redirecting a first portion of said condensed rays along said third path and said center mirror is capable of redirecting a second portion of said condensed rays along a fourth path which is different from said third path. 29. A solar collecting system as recited in claim 28 wherein said larger mirror and said center mirror are mounted at approximately 90.degree. with respect to each other and mounted at an approximately 45.degree. angle with respect to substantially one of said focal point and said sub-focal point for redirecting said condensed rays along said third and fourth paths at approximately 90.degree. with respect to said first path and at approximately 180.degree. with respect to each other. 30. A solar collecting system as recited in claim 24 wherein said at least one deflecting mirror is capable of being removed from mounting means and wherein said mounting means is capable of receiving a replacement deflecting mirror in order to change one of the size and/or shape of said deflecting mirror, replace said deflecting mirror with a split mirror, and/or to perform maintenance on said deflecting mirror. 31. A solar collecting system as recited in claim 24 including at least one photovoltaic cell sheet mounted on said solar collector panel for providing energy capable of operating one of said gear motor or another accessory item. 32. A solar collecting system as recited in claim 24 including-a photocell mounted one of inside and outside said solar collector panel or on said solar collector panel for tracking the sun's movement with respect to said solar collector panel and for controlling movement of said panel along said arc such that said solar collector panel remains approximately perpendicular with respect to the sun's rays. 33. A solar collecting system as recited in claim 32 wherein said photocell is positioned within an upright coned funnel and wherein said photocell is capable of sending a signal for stopping the rotation of said solar collector panel upon the application of sunlight into said funnel and restarting the rotation of said solar collector panel upon removal of such sunlight within said funnel. 34. A solar collecting system as recited in claim 24 wherein said solar collector panel comprises a deep dish parabolic panel. 35. A solar collecting system as recited in claim 34 wherein said deep dish parabolic panel is formed by converting a shallow parabolic panel by means of a series of foldable flaps having a predetermined curvature attached to a top rim of the parabolic panel which are capable of being folded upright to form said deep dish parabolic panel, said predetermined curvature of said series of flaps forming said deep dish parabolic panel being equal to said predetermined radius to maintain a constant focal point and said foldable flaps having a predetermined height which does not exceed the level of said radius of said parabolic collector panel. 36. A solar collecting system as recited in claim 35 wherein said series of flaps are formed from one of reflecting mirrors, photovoltaic material, and a combination of mirrors and photovoltaic material. 37. A solar collecting system as recited in claim 34 including a window in a side portion of said deep dish concave panel for allowing said redirected rays moving along said third path to escape through said panel. 38. A solar collecting system as recited in claim 28 wherein said solar collecting panel comprises a deep dish concave panel having a pair of windows in opposing side portions of said panel for sending redirected rays moving along said third and fourth paths to escape through said panel. 39. A solar collecting panel as recited in claim 24 wherein said condensed rays from said third path move through one of a lens box and/or lens frame to divert said rays according to a predetermined location of said final target. 40. A solar collecting system as recited in claim 39 wherein said lens box and/or lens frame includes at least one lens having one of a concave, convex, cylindrical shape, and any combination thereof capable of correcting any distortion of the condensed rays to said predetermined location. 41. A solar collecting system as recited in claim 39 including a first means for cooling one of said lens box, said lens frame, and said fiber optic cable and a second means for cooling said deflecting mirror. 42. A solar collecting system as recited in claim 24 wherein said solar collecting panel can comprise any shape capable of maintaining a constant focal point and can be formed from removable components comprising one of a series of multiple mirrors of varying sizes and/or shapes, a series of photovoltaic cells, and a combination of mirrors and photovoltaic cells, each of said components having said predetermined radius capable of maintaining said constant focal point. 43. A solar collector system as recited in claim 24 wherein said deflecting mirror comprises one of a flat, concave, and convex shape to correct ray condensation to send it on said third path for a predetermined distance. 44. A solar collector system as recited in claim 24 including means to move one of said first arm and said means for mounting said deflecting mirror in a vertical direction to change the distance between said solar collector panel and said deflecting mirror from said focal point to said sub-focal point. 45. A photosensitive tracking system for tracking the path of the sun for use with a solar collecting system, said solar collecting system comprising at least one solar collecting panel and a power source for rotating said at least one solar collecting panel about a predetermined arc, said tracking system comprising: (a) a photocell having an upright portion; (b) means for mounting said photocell with respect to said at least one solar collecting panel such that said upright portion is facing the sun; and (c) means for communicating a signal from said photocell to said power source such that when sunlight is entering into said upright portion, said signal causes said power source to pause the rotation of said at least one solar collecting panel until sunlight is no longer entering into said upright portion, resulting in a face portion said at least one solar collecting panel to remain in a substantially perpendicular position with respect to the sun. 46. A photosensitive tracking system as recited in claim 45 wherein said photocell is positioned within an upright cone shaped funnel. 47. A photosensitive tracking system as recited in claim 45 wherein said photocell is mounted one of on the face of the at least one solar collecting panel and adjacent to an outer edge portion of said at least one solar collecting panel. 48. A photosensitive tracking system as recited in claim 45 including means to adjust said solar collector panel as a result of seasonal changes to optimize the amount of sun energy applied to said solar collector panel. 49. A photosensitive tracking system as recited in claim 45 wherein said photocell is positioned within an upright cone shaped funnel placed perpendicular with respect to said at least one solar collecting panel such that shadows on the panel resulting from the sun hitting said funnel will indicate the need for adjustment of the panel due to said seasonal changes. 50. A solar collecting system as recited in claim 24 wherein said final target for receiving said condensed rays from said third path comprises a turbine. 