The invention involves a material handling apparatus tracking system that uses cellular communications to send and receive information between the apparatus and a network. The cellular communication devices operate in radio frequency rich environments and contain additional communications capabilities. The apparatus compartments capable of enclosing electronic devices populated with a plurality of components to provide track and trace functionality and various levels of granularity. Sensors and actuators are used in connection with the material handling apparatus.
Claims 1-23. (canceled) 24. A positioning, tracking and monitoring system for a mobile plastic material handling apparatus having an integrally molded compartment and a cover for enclosing a wireless device, the wireless device comprising: an IC chipset for executing programs involving interpreting instructions and processing data associated with operations and communications of the device, a cellular communications module for transmitting and receiving air interface frequency signals over a cellular network, the network being operated by a host, at least one sensor responsive to at least one of a dynamic environmental condition, an RF signal and a geo-location determination, and a power supply. 25. A system as set forth in claim 24 which includes: said sensor being responsive to dynamic environmental conditions, said sensor being integrated with the IC chipset, and said IC chipset receiving sensor data and causing said cellular communications module to transmit data indicative of the dynamic environmental condition over the cellular network operated by the host. 26. A system as set forth in claim 24 which includes: said sensor being responsive to RF signals that include an RFID sensor and an IEEE 802 Standard sensor, said sensor being integrated with the IC chipset, and said IC chipset receiving sensor data and causing said cellular communications module to transmit data indicative of the dynamic environmental condition over the cellular network operated by the host. 27. A system as set forth in claim 24 which includes: said sensor being responsive to dynamic environmental conditions, said sensor being integrated with the IC chipset, and said IC chipset receiving sensor data and causing said cellular communications module to transmit data indicative of the material handling apparatus location over the cellular network operated by the host. 28. A system as set forth in claim 24 which includes: said cellular network host selling used band width. 29. A system as set forth in claim 24 which includes: said power supply having a monitored battery and at least one of a mechanical, electrical and solar power generation apparatus for generating power for storage in said monitored battery and for directly powering at least one of the components of the device. 30. A positioning, tracking and monitoring system comprising: a mobile material handling apparatus having a device for communicative coupling within a national digital cellular network operated by a cellular network host, and the host using cellular signal measurement techniques to determine the position, track the movement and monitor the conditions of the device, and by association therewith, the apparatus and its unit load. 31. A system as set forth in claim 30 which includes: an Internet portal for accessing positioning, tracking and monitoring data of the device and the associated apparatus and load. 32. A system as set forth in claim 30 which includes: said device including at least one sensor, and said sensor being responsive to at least one dynamic environmental condition indicative of the apparatus, and said sensor being responsive to RF signals within a communications range indicative of at least one of an RFID reader/writer and a IEEE 801 Standard wireless device. 33. A system as set forth in claim 32 which includes: the cellular network communicating a query to said apparatus device to instruct for said sensor to execute a sensing operation, and the cellular network, responsive to said sensing operation, communicating a query reply indicative of the requested sensing operation over the cellular network. 34. A system as set forth in claim 33 which includes: said material handling apparatus being an object, food and material transportation and storage structure that is selected from a group consisting of a pallet, a container, a carrier, a tank, a tray, dunnage, an IBC, a RPC, and a ULD. 35. A pallet tracking system comprising: a cellular network, a network host having means for communicating with said cellular network, a pallet tracking device having a circuit board with a communications module for communicating with said network host through said cellular network, a reader/writer for communicating with an RF tag, and a power supply providing power to said communications module and said reader/writer, and said network host communicating with said pallet tracking device to read an RF tag using said reader/writer and to transmit information associated with the RF tag from said communications module to said network host. 