A light provider for an umbrella and stand assembly, comprising a body releasably attachable to the assembly, a source or sources of electric light carried by the body, to direct light away from the body, and incident light responsive means on the body to provide electrical energization for the light source, the means configured to receive incident light from a direction or directions spaced away from light directed from the source or sources.
Claims 1-34. (canceled) 35. A light for an umbrella pole, comprising in combination: a body comprising an inner sidewall surface at least partially defining an opening for receiving the pole; a clamping device comprising a gripping surface and a resilient member biasing the gripping surface away from the inner sidewall surface, at least a portion of the clamping device being movable relative to the sidewall surface between an extended position and a range of clamping positions, the clamping positions being located at least between the extended position and the sidewall surface, the resilient member urging the gripping surface toward the extended position, whereby the light can be self-supported on umbrella poles of different sizes; a source or sources of electric light carried by the body, to direct the light away from the body; and means on or in the body for providing energy to the light source. 36. The light of claim 35 wherein the means for providing energy comprises at least one battery. 37. The light of claim 35 wherein the means for providing energy comprises at least one solar panel. 38. The light of claim 37 wherein the means for providing energy further comprises a battery configured to be recharged by the at least one solar panel. 39. The light of claim 35 wherein the body comprises first and second sections. 40. The light of claim 39 wherein the body is circular and the first and second sections are sized and configured as semicircles. 41. The light of claim 39 wherein the first and second sections are hingedly connected. 42. The light of claim 39 wherein a control switch for the light sources is disposed on the first section of the body and at least a portion of the light sources are disposed on the second section of the body, the control switch being operable to cause the light sources to be energized. 43. The light of claim 35 wherein the resilient member comprises a spring. 44. The light of claim 35 wherein the resilient member comprises a locking means and a transmission part for facilitating the gripping of a pole. 45. A light for mounting around a pole, the pole having a longitudinal axis, the light comprising: a clamshell housing having an outer periphery and comprising a first portion and a second portion configured to be coupled to the first portion adjacent the outer periphery, the first portion having a first inner sidewall surface and a first lateral surface extending outwardly from the inner sidewall surface to the outer periphery of the clamshell housing, the second portion having a second inner sidewall surface and a second lateral surface extending outwardly from the inner sidewall surface to the outer periphery of the clamshell housing, the first and second portions defining an opening configured to receive the pole; at least one light source carried by the clamshell housing, the light sources being configured to direct the light away from the clamshell housing; means on or in the clamshell housing for providing energy to the light source; at least one clamp for engaging the pole in a direction substantially perpendicular to the axis of the pole, the clamp extending from at least one of the inner sidewall surfaces and being biased away from the inner sidewall surface; the first and second portions being connectable together adjacent the opening between them, to cause the clamp to grip the pole so that the light is self supported thereon; and the clamp being biased to be able to engage poles of different diameters and to be mountable at various locations along the pole. 46. The light of claim 45 wherein the means for providing energy comprises at least one battery. 47. The light of claim 45 wherein first and second portions are pivotally coupled. 48. A light for mounting around a pole, the pole having a longitudinal axis, the light comprising: a housing comprising first and second portions, the first portion being configured to be coupled to the second portion to define an opening configured to receive the pole, the first portion defining a first inner sidewall surface and the second portion defining a second inner sidewall surface; at least one light source carried by the first portion of the housing, the light source being configured to direct the light away from the housing; means on or in the housing for providing energy to the light source; a control switch for the light source, the control switch being disposed on the second section of the housing, the control switch being operable to cause the light source on the first portion of the housing to be energized; and at least one clamp extending from one of the first and second inner sidewall surfaces for engaging the pole when the first and second sections are coupled, the clamp comprising a gripping surface and biasing means for biasing the gripping surface away from the inner sidewall surfaces, at least a portion of the clamping device being movable relative to the inner sidewall surfaces between an extended position and a range of clamping positions, the clamping positions being located at least between the extended position and the sidewall surface, whereby the light can be self-supported on the pole. 49. The light of claim 48 wherein light sources are carried on both the first and second portions of the housing. 50. The light of claim 48 wherein the means for providing energy comprises at least one battery. 51. The light of claim 48 wherein first and second portions are pivotally coupled. 52. The light of claim 48 wherein the housing includes a recess and the clamp further comprises a first member and the biasing means comprise a plurality of threaded pillar parts, a transmission and a crank handle, the first member comprising the gripping surface and a sliding block being slidable within the recess, the plurality of threaded pillar parts being configured to drive the sliding block, the transmission transmitting longitudinal force to the sliding block via rotation of the threaded pillar parts, the crank handle being configured to cause the pillar parts to rotate whereby the gripping surface of the clamp is urged into engagement with the pole. 53. The light of claim 52 wherein the transmission part further comprises a drive gear coupled with the crank handle and a pair of driven gears coupled with the drive gear and with the pillar parts, wherein rotation of the crank handle induces rotation in the pillar parts to slide the sliding block. 54. The light of claim 48 wherein the biasing means is a spring. 