A remote unattended camera and computer integrated security system that uses: a computer to process and archive alarm and photographic data; at least one media storage device; at least one network camera for storing and transmitting video and still pictures; a hardware virtual private network firewall for secure review data transfers; a transfer switch; an operating system providing user interface functions; a power source that provides power to said remote unattended camera and computer integrated security system; an enclosure that is tamper resistant, and security seals that provide indication of tampering.
Claims 1. A remote unattended camera and computer integrated security system, comprising: a. a computer to process and archive alarm and photographic data; b. at least one media storage device; c. at least one network camera for storing and transmitting video and still pictures; d. a hardware virtual private network (VPN)/firewall for secure review data transfers; e. a transfer switch; f. an operating system providing user interface functions; g. a power source that provides power to said remote unattended camera and computer integrated security system; h. an enclosure that is tamper resistant; and, i. security seals that provide indication of tampering. 2. The remote unattended camera and computer integrated security system of claim 1, where said media storage device is selected from the group consisting of a removable flash memory drive and a fixed flash memory media. 3. The remote unattended camera and computer integrated security system of claim 1, where said at least one network camera is a plurality of network cameras. 4. The remote unattended camera and computer integrated security system of claim 1, where said at least one network camera is selected from the group consisting of a color camera, an infra-red camera, and a thermal imaging camera. 5. The remote unattended camera and computer integrated security system of claim 1, where said power source further includes a battery backup system. 6. The remote unattended camera and computer integrated security system of claim 5, where said battery backup system is selected from the group consisting of gel cell batteries, lithium ion batteries, and lithium ion polymer batteries. 7. The remote unattended camera and computer integrated security system of claim 5, further including a battery charger to recharge said battery backup system. 8. The remote unattended camera and computer integrated security system of claim 1, where said power source is a solar power source. 9. The remote unattended camera and computer integrated security system of claim 1, where said enclosure includes an optical periscope to shield said network camera system from ionizing radiation. 10. The remote unattended camera and computer integrated security system of claim 1, further including a miniature GPS receiver system to enable remote location uplink and time synchronization. 11. The remote unattended camera and computer integrated security system of claim 1, further including a satellite dish uplink for remote location uplink that provides high speed connectivity for state of health monitoring, data review, and alarm/alert reaction. 12. A method of camera surveillance, comprising: a. acquiring an image with a network camera; b. transferring said image in a digital data stream to a computer; c. incorporating an authentication algorithm that contains a cryptographic signature into said digital data stream; and, d. storing said digital data stream in at least one media storage device. 13. The method of camera surveillance in claim 12, further comprising transmitting said digital data stream to other nodes or a collect review system. 14. The method of camera surveillance in claim 12, further comprising reviewing said digital data stream to ensure said digital data is consistent and correctly authenticated. 15. The method of camera surveillance in claim 12, further comprising testing said digital data stream to ensure said data is bonafide by reviewing said cryptographic signature. 