A container monitoring system which includes a microprocessor comprising a memory to store data, and a control program executed by said microprocessor, said microprocessor having a stand-by mode and an active mode, a communications means connected to said microprocessor for transmitting data from said microprocessor to a monitoring station, a zone monitoring device on the container connected to said microprocessor in a loop with said microprocessor in said stand-by mode, a power source for supplying power to said microprocessor, communications means and zone monitoring device, wherein upon said microprocessor receiving an input signal from said zone monitoring device, said control program directs said microprocessor to switch to active mode, generate and store in said memory an alarm message corresponding to said input signal from said zone monitoring device, activate said communications means, and transmit said alarm message to a monitoring station.
Claims 1. A container monitoring system comprising: a microprocessor including, a memory to store data, a control program executed by said microprocessor; said microprocessor having a stand-by mode and an active mode; a communications means connected to said microprocessor for transmitting data from said microprocessor to a monitoring station; a zone monitoring device on the container connected to said microprocessor with said microprocessor normally in said stand-by mode, a power source for supplying power to said microprocessor, communications means and zone monitoring device; wherein upon said microprocessor receiving an input signal from said zone monitoring device, said control program directs said microprocessor to, switch to active mode, generate and store in said memory an alarm message corresponding to said input signal from said zone monitoring device, activate said communications means, and transmit said alarm message to a monitoring station. 2. A container monitoring system according to claim 1, further including a controlled device connected to said microprocessor and controlled by said control program. 3. A container according to claim 2, wherein said controlled device is a motor driven lock. 4. A container monitoring system according to claim 1, wherein said zone monitoring device is selected from the group consisting of magnetic contacts, smoke detectors, carbon monoxide detectors, sniffer sensors, temperature sensors, motion sensors, potentiometer switches, and mercury switches. 5. A container monitoring system according to claim 1, wherein said communications device is a wireless device. 6. A container monitoring system according to claim 1, wherein said power supply is a battery. 7. A container monitoring system according to claim 6, further including a solar panel connected to said battery. 8. A container monitoring system according to claim 1, further including a GPS device connected to said processor. 9. A container monitoring system according to claim 1 wherein said system is housed in a portable housing. 10. A postal box with a door for removing mail from the postal box comprising: a container monitoring system according to claim 1 wherein said contact is a magnetic contact on said door. 11. A postal box according to claim 10 wherein said container monitoring system is housed in a cap affixed to the top of the postal box. 12. A postal box according to claim 10, further including a solar panel for powering said system. 