A photovoltaically powered cathodic protection system for an automotive vehicle uses electrical energy arising from a photovoltaic array positioned upon an exterior surface of the vehicle, with the cathodic protection current being controlled by a controller which is also connected with an electrical storage device and with at least one electrogalvanic cell sensor. The controller and associated sensors function to assure that sufficient charge passes through conductors applied to the body of the vehicle to maintain cathodic protection on a consistent basis.
Claims 1. A photovoltaically powered cathodic protection system for an automotive vehicle, comprising: a photovoltaic array adapted for mounting upon an exterior surface of a vehicle, with said array having first and second load terminals; a first conductor adapted to extend from said first terminal of said photovoltaic array to a first portion of a vehicle; and a second conductor adapted to extend from said second terminal of said photovoltaic array to a second portion of said vehicle. 2. A photovoltaically powered cathodic protection system according to claim 1, wherein said first portion of a vehicle and said second portion of a vehicle are physically separated. 3. A photovoltaically powered cathodic protection system according to claim 1, further comprising an electrical storage device connected with said first and second terminals of said photovoltaic array. 4. A photovoltaically powered cathodic protection system according to claim 1, wherein said electrical storage device comprises a battery. 5. A photovoltaically powered cathodic protection system according to claim 1, wherein said electrical storage device comprises an ultracapacitor. 6. A photovoltaically powered cathodic protection system according to claim 3, further comprising a controller, operatively connected with said electrical storage device and said photovoltaic array, for controlling the current flowing through said first and second conductors, with said controller being operatively connected with at least one sensor for sensing the presence of an active electrogalvanic cell within a vehicle. 7. An automotive vehicle body having a photovoltaically powered cathodic protection system, comprising: a photovoltaic array mounted upon an exterior surface of the vehicle body, with said array having first and second load terminals; a first conductor extending from said first terminal of said photovoltaic array to a first portion of the vehicle body; and a second conductor adapted to extend from said second terminal of said photovoltaic array to a second portion of said vehicle body, wherein said first portion of the vehicle and said second portion of a vehicle are physically separated. 8. An automotive vehicle according to claim 7, further comprising an electrical storage device connected with said first and second terminals of said photovoltaic array. 9. An automotive vehicle according to claim 7, wherein said electrical storage device comprises a battery. 10. An automotive vehicle according to claim 7, wherein said electrical storage device comprises an ultracapacitor. 11. An automotive vehicle according to claim 8, further comprising a controller, operatively connected with said electrical storage device and said photovoltaic array, for controlling the current flowing through said first and second conductors. 12. An automotive vehicle according to claim 7, wherein said photovoltaic array comprises a plurality of photocells mounted upon a roof portion of said vehicle. 13. An automotive vehicle according to claim 7, wherein said photovoltaic array comprises a plurality of photocells mounted upon a vitreous sunroof portion of said vehicle. 14. A method for providing cathodic protection for the body of an automotive vehicle, comprising the steps of: providing a photovoltaic array located upon an exterior surface of the vehicle's body, with said array having a plurality of connecting terminals; providing a plurality of conductors extending between said connecting terminals and distributed portions of said vehicle body; providing an electrical storage device operatively bonded to the connecting terminals of said array; and providing a controller, operatively associated with said array and said electrical storage device, for controlling a unique flow of current from said array and said electrical storage device through each of said portions of said body. 15. A method according to claim 14, further comprising the step of managing the charge within said electrical storage device such that when the storage device has accumulated charge in excess of a predetermined threshold, said controller will direct the entire current flowing from said array through said vehicle body. 16. A cathodic corrosion protection system for an automotive vehicle, comprising: an electrical power source having first and second load terminals; a first conductor adapted to extend from said first terminal of said electrical power source to an electrical ground within a vehicle; and a second conductor adapted to extend from said second terminal of said electrical power source to a second portion of said vehicle, whereby a protective current will be established in a vehicle. 17. A photovoltaically powered cathodic protection system according to claim 16, wherein said first portion of a vehicle and said second portion of a vehicle are physically separated. 18. A cathodic protection system according to claim 16, wherein said electrical power source comprises a photovoltaic array and an electrical storage device operatively connected with said photovoltaic array. 19. A cathodic protection system according to claim 16, wherein said electrical power source comprises an electrical storage device. 20. A cathodic protection system according to claim 16, further comprising a controller for controlling said protective current, and at least one sensor, operatively connected with said controller, for sensing the presence of an active electrogalvanic cell within a vehicle. 