A welding mask comprising a face shield for at least partially covering the face of a user. The face shield has a viewing portion made of opaque translucent material. The opaque material provides for high-intensity visible light associated with welding to be visible therethrough. Also disclosed herein is welding mask assembly comprising a principle mask as described above with either a protective outer layer or mask mounted thereto or an inner mask or shield mounted on the underside thereof or having both of the foregoing mounted thereto.
Claims 1. A welding mask comprising a face shield for at least partially covering the face of a user, said face shield comprising a viewing portion thereof, said viewing portion comprising opaque translucent material, wherein said opaque material provides for high-intensity light associated with welding to be visible therethrough. 2. A welding mask according to claim 1, wherein said high-intensity visible light associated with welding comprises a light having a wavelength from about 400 nm to about 700 nm. 3. A welding mask according to claim 1, wherein said opaque translucent material substantially blocks light wavelengths <400 nm and >700 nm. 4. A welding mask according to claim 1, wherein said opaque translucent material is coated with a solar deflector material. 5. A welding mask according to claim 1, wherein said opaque material comprises a tinted polymeric material. 6. A welding mask according to claim 5, wherein said tinted polymeric material comprises tinted plastic. 7. A welding mask according to claim 1, further comprising a protecting layer mounted on said viewing portion opaque material. 8. A welding mask according to claim 7 wherein said protective layer comprises transparent material. 9. A welding mask according to claim 7, wherein said protective layer comprises an auxiliary face shield mounted to said face shield. 10. A welding mask according to claim 9, wherein said auxiliary face shield is pivotally mounted to said face shield. 11. A welding mask according to claim 7, wherein said protective layer comprises an auxiliary mask mounted to said mask. 12. A welding mask according claim 11, wherein said auxiliary mask is pivotally mounted to said mask. 13. A welding mask according to claim 12, further comprising lateral sides having mountings elements, said auxiliary mask comprising lateral sides having mounting elements, said mask mounting elements being pivotally mounted to said auxiliary mask mounting elements. 14. A welding mask according to claim 1, wherein said face shield comprises an external side and an opposite face-mounting side, an auxiliary inner face shield being mounted on said face shield face mounting side. 15. A welding mask according to claim 14, wherein said auxiliary inner face shield comprises transparent material. 16. A welding mask according to claim 14, wherein said auxiliary inner face shield is pivotally mounted to said face shield. 17. A welding mask according to claim 1, further comprising an external side and an opposite face-mounting side, an auxiliary mask being mounted on said mask ace mounting side. 18. A welding mask according to claim 17, wherein said auxiliary mask comprises transparent material. 19. A welding mask according to claim 17, wherein said auxiliary mask is pivotally mounted to said mask. 20. A welding mask according to claim 29, further comprising lateral sides having mountings elements, said auxiliary inner mask comprising lateral sides having mounting elements, said mask mounting elements being pivotally mounted to said auxiliary inner mask mounting elements. 21. A welding mask assembly comprising: a principle mask comprising a face shield for at least partially covering the face of a user, said face shield comprising a viewing portion thereof, said viewing portion comprising opaque translucent material, wherein said opaque material provides for high-intensity visible light associated with welding to be visible therethrough; and an auxiliary outer protective mask mounted on said principle mask. 22. A welding mask assembly according to claim 21, further comprising an auxiliary inner mask mounted to the underside of said principle mask. 23. A welding mask assembly according to claim 21, wherein said high-intensity visible light associated with welding comprises a light having a wavelength from about 400 nm to about 700 nm. 24. A welding mask according to claim 21, wherein said opaque translucent material substantially blocks light wavelengths <400 nm and >700 nm. 25. A welding mask according to claim 21, wherein said opaque translucent material is coated with a solar deflector material. 26. A welding mask assembly according to claim 21, wherein said opaque material comprises a tinted polymeric material. 27. A welding mask assembly according to claim 21, wherein said auxiliary outer protective mask comprises transparent material. 28. A welding mask assembly according claim 21, wherein said auxiliary outer protective mask is pivotally mounted to said principle mask. 29. A welding mask assembly according to claim 28, wherein said principle mask comprises lateral sides having mountings elements, said auxiliary outer mask comprising lateral sides having mounting elements, said principle mask mounting elements being pivotally mounted to said auxiliary outer mask mounting elements. 30. A welding mask assembly comprising: a principle mask comprising a face shield for at least partially covering the face of a user, said face shield comprising a viewing portion thereof, said viewing portion comprising opaque translucent material, wherein said opaque material provides for high-intensity visible light associated with welding to be visible therethrough; and an auxiliary inner protective mask mounted to the underside of said principle mask. 31. A welding mask assembly according to claim 30, further comprising an auxiliary outer protective mask mounted to the on said principle mask. 32. A welding mask assembly according to claim 30, wherein said high-intensity visible light associated with welding comprises a light having a wavelength from about 400 nm to about 700 nm. 33. A welding mask according to claim 30, wherein said opaque translucent material substantially blocks light wavelengths <400 nm and >700 nm. 34. A welding mask according to claim 30, wherein said opaque translucent material is coated with a solar deflector material. 35. A welding mask assembly according to claim 30, wherein said opaque material comprises a tinted polymeric material. 36. A welding mask assembly according to claim 30, wherein said auxiliary inner mask comprises transparent material. 37. A welding mask assembly according claim 30, wherein said auxiliary inner mask is pivotally mounted to said principle mask. 38. A welding mask assembly according to claim 37, wherein said principle mask comprises lateral sides having mountings elements, said auxiliary inner mask comprising lateral sides having mounting elements, said principle mask mounting elements being pivotally mounted to said auxiliary inner mask mounting elements. 