The present invention provides a motor driven by shape memory alloys for use in a variety of applications. In the disclosed embodiment, the motor is used to drive a photovoltaic panel so that the panel may remain in appropriate alignment with the sun throughout the day. In such a configuration, the motor assembly relies upon the intrinsic properties of shape memory alloys, in conjunction with a spring assembly, in order to generate sufficient torque in order to rotate the photovoltaic panel. In order to control the orientation of the panel, the system relies upon a sun tracking mechanism which includes an analog sensor circuit, a plurality of phototransistors and a power source. Accordingly, the device is able to rotate the photovoltaic panel in discrete and precise increments as the day progresses.
Claims 1. A solar tracking device comprising: A stationary base; A rotatable output shaft mounted on said stationary base, said shaft having a first end suitable for affixation of a solar receptor panel and a second end terminating in a worm gear; A photovoltaic panel attached to said first end of said output shaft; A drive platform having a locking arm assembly pivotably connected at a first end of said drive platform and a drive assembly secured at a second end; said drive assembly having a worm drive in mesh with said worm gear on said output shaft; said drive platform being further pivotably connected by a platform pivot to said stationary base; said drive platform being disengageable from said worm gear through release of said locking arm; An engagement mounting plate secured to said drive platform at a point proximate to the second end of said drive platform, the engagement mounting plate having a terminal suitable for the application of electric current; A forward mounting plate secured to said drive platform at a point proximate to said first end of said drive platform, the forward mounting plate having a terminal suitable for the application of electric current; A return spring secured to said fixed base at one end and further attached to said output shaft at the other end; A means to drive the drive assembly; A means to pivotably disengage said drive assembly from said worm gear; and A means to coordinate said means to drive the drive assembly and said means to pivotably disengage the worm gear as a function of the position of the sun; Whereby the drive mechanism axially rotates said shaft around the long axis of said shaft based upon the position of the sun. 2. The device as in claim 1 wherein said means to drive the drive assembly comprises: A drive shaft; At least one drive clutch mounted on said drive shaft; At least one backlash clutch mounted in said drive shaft; At least one forward actuator wire secured at one end to said terminal of said drive assembly and attached to said drive clutch at the other end; A forward spring secured at one end to said drive platform and attached at the other end to said drive clutch; Whereby the drive clutch is first rotated in the slip direction by said forward actuator wire and then said forward spring torques the drive clutch in the drive direction thereby rotating the drive shaft which in turn rotates the worm gear. 3. A device as in claim 2 wherein said forward actuator is composed of a shape memory alloy. 4. The device as in claim 1 wherein said means to pivotably disengage said drive assembly from said worm gear comprises: A disengagement actuator fixed at a first end to said locking arm and fixed at the second end to said engagement mounting plate; At least one engagement spring secured to said fixed base at one end and secured to a point in said locking arm at the other end; At least one arm roller affixed to said locking arm such that said arm roller is in rollable contact with said fixed base; A plurality of arm stoppers affixed to said base in such locations so as to define the range of movement of said arm rollers; Whereby a contraction of the disengagement actuator releases the locking arm permitting the force generated by the engagement springs to pivot the entire drive platform around the platform pivot thus disengaging the worm from the worm gear. 5. A device as in claim 4 wherein said disengagement actuator is composed of a shape memory alloy. 6. A device as in claims 3 or 5 wherein said shape memory alloy is composed of a nickel-titanium alloy. 7. The device as in claim 1 wherein said means to coordinate said means to drive the drive assembly and said means to pivotably disengage the worm gear comprises: A sensor mount incorporated into said output shaft; A plurality of phototransistors secured to said sensor mount; An analog circuit connected to said plurality of sensors; A power source which supplies power to said disengagement actuator and said forward actuator wherein said power source is controlled by said analog circuit. 8. A device as in claim 7 wherein said power source is said photovoltaic panel. 9. A device as in claim 7 wherein said power source is a battery. 10. A solar tracking device comprising: A solar receptor; An output shaft upon which the solar receptor is mounted for rotation therewith; A means for rotating said output shaft in a first direction, said means having at least one nickel titanium alloy actuator and said means being operable absent a source of light as a power source for said means; A means for rotating said output shaft in a second direction; and A solar tracking means for control of both said means for rotation. 11. The device as in claim 10 wherein the solar receptor is a photovoltaic panel. 12. The device as in claim 10 wherein the means for rotating said output shaft in a first direction comprises: A drive platform having a first end and a second end; a worm gear assembly having a worm drive and a worm gear wherein said worm gear is fixed to the base of said output shaft and said worm drive is affixed to said first end of said drive platform; a drive shaft engaging said worm gear assembly; at least two unidirectional bearings mounted on said drive shaft; a means for applying torque to said drive shaft thereby turning said worm drive and rotating said worm gear. 13. The device as in claim 10 wherein the means for rotating said output shaft in a second direction comprises: A means for disengaging said worm drive from said worm gear, said means comprising: a locking arm pivotably connected proximate to said second end of said drive platform; a disengagement actuator having one end affixed to said locking arm and the second end secured to a fixed point; and a platform pivot connected to said drive platform proximate to said first end of said drive platform; and A return spring secured to a fixed point at a first end of said return spring and attached to said output shaft, via a return spring cable, at a second end of said return spring wherein the deformation of the spring caused by said means for rotating said output shaft in a first direction is the source of the power by which said output shaft is rotated in the second direction once released by said locking arm. 14. The device as in claim 12 wherein the means for applying torque to said drive shaft comprises: A shape memory alloy wire affixed at one end to one of said at least two unidirectional bearings and at the other end to a location suitable for the introduction of electric current into said wire whereby the introduction of electric current into said wire causes the wire to contract and thereby rotate the unidirectional bearing; A forward spring affixed at a first end to one of said at least two unidirectional bearings and secured at a second end to a fixed point; Whereby the power generated by the release of tension in the forward spring rotates one of said at least two unidirectional bearings in the grip direction thereby rotating said drive shaft. 15. The device as in claim 12 wherein the means for rotating said output shaft in a second direction further comprising: A second worm gear assembly; A means to interconnect said second worm gear assembly to said driveshaft and to further connect said second worm gear assembly to said output shaft whereby the second gear assembly may be selected based upon the desired direction of rotation of said output shaft. 16. A drive mechanism incorporating shape memory alloy actuators comprising: A motor comprising at least one shape memory alloy actuator, at least one spring, a drive shaft and at least two unidirectional bearings; A worm gear fixed to an output shaft; and A worm drive mounted on said drive shaft wherein said worm drive engages said worm gear to transmit the rotational force of the motor to the worm gear and therethrough to said output shaft. 17. The device as in claim 16 further comprising a means for controlling the operation of said motor. 18. The device as in claim 17 wherein said means for controlling the operation of said motor comprises an analog circuit. 19. The device as in claim 17 wherein said means for controlling the operation of said motor comprises a microprocessor. 20. An analog circuit for controlling the movement of a shape memory alloy actuator comprising: A power supply operable to provide electrical current to said circuit; Means for interrupting current flow to said actuator, said means for interrupting current flow having at least one phototransistor and at least one PMOSFET; Means for cycling the delivery of said electrical current to said actuator, said means having a 555-timer; A capacitive device; A means for attaching said capacitive device between said 555-timer and said means for interrupting current flow of said circuit; Means for charging and discharging the capacitor, said means having a plurality of resistors; and Means for passing said electrical output of said circuit to said actuator. 21. A drive mechanism for a shaft comprising: a fixed surface; said fixed surface having a platform pivot portion; a rotatable output shaft supported on said fixed surface by at least one support bearing; a worm gear fixed to one end of said output shaft; a locking arm in rollable contact with said fixed surface; a drive platform in pivotable contact with said locking arm at a first end and a drive mechanism disposed at the other end; said drive platform in pivotable contact with said platform pivot; said drive platform having a locked position and a disengaged position whereby said locked position allows said drive mechanism to remain in mesh with said worm gear and further whereby said disengaged position allows said worm gear to rotate freely; and a means to power said drive mechanism. 22. The device as in claim 21 wherein said means to power said drive mechanism further comprises a means having at least one nickel titanium alloy actuator and said means being operable absent a source of solar radiation. 23. The device as in claim 21 further comprising a means to disengage the drive platform from said worm gear. 24. A solar tracking sensor device for a solar receptor panel comprising: A rotatable base structure; A body member projecting from said base structure wherein said body member comprises at least one quadrilateral shade having a first side and a second side; said shade having an axis parallel to the axis of rotation of the solar receptor; said shade having a first end projecting from said base structure, said shade further having a second end opposite said first end, said second end incorporating an overhanging portion; A first forward sensor mounted proximal to the intersection of said base structure and said body member on said first side along a line parallel to the axis of rotation; and A first backward sensor mounted proximal to the intersection of said base structure and said body member on said second side along a line parallel to the axis of rotation. 25. The device as in claim 24 wherein said body member further comprises a horizontal portion; said horizontal portion having a plane shape; said horizontal portion being parallel to the plane of said receptor panel whereby the orientation of said horizontal portion modifies the angle through which at least one of said sensors may be activated by a source of light. 26. The device as in claim 24 or 25 wherein the dimensions of said body member constrain the relative angles through which said sensors can be activated by a source of light. 27. The device as in claim 24 further comprising at least one additional forward sensor mounted at the intersection of said base structure and said body member on said first side along said axis parallel to said plane of said solar receptor device. 28. The device as in claim 24 further comprising at least one additional backward sensor mounted at the intersection of said base structure and said body member on said first side along said axis parallel to said plane of said solar receptor device. 29. The device as in claim 24 wherein said first forward sensor is a phototransistor and further wherein said first backward sensor is a phototransistor. 30. A solar tracking sensor device comprising A base structure; A mounting bracket secured to said base structure wherein said bracket has a generally L shaped cross section, said L shaped bracket having a vertical component extending away from said base structure and a horizontal component extending substantially at a right angle from said vertical component in a plane parallel to a solar collector; said mounting bracket having an inside portion formed by the intersection of said horizontal component and said vertical component; said mounting bracket further having an outside portion opposite said inside portion; An overhang structure attached to one end of said vertical component of said mounting bracket wherein the body of said overhang structure is parallel to the plane of said horizontal component of said mounting bracket; A first sensor mounted at the intersection of said horizontal component and said vertical component of said mounting bracket on said inside portion of said mounting bracket; and A second sensor mounted at the intersection of said horizontal component and said vertical component of said mounting bracket on said outside portion of said mounting bracket. 31. A method for solar tracking for a solar receptor panel, mounted on an underlying structure, using a sensor array, the method including the steps of: Providing a sensor array, the sensor array having a plurality of phototransistors positioned such that at any given time at least one said phototransistor is shaded from direct light of a solar source; Computing a perpendicular vector relative to the solar receptor panel; Determining when said solar source has traveled beyond a predetermined angle from said perpendicular vector; Rotating an underlying structure in order to bring said perpendicular vector into alignment with said solar source; and further Controlling the direction of said rotation based upon the activation of particular phototransistors in said sensor array. 32. The method as in claim 31 further comprising: providing a sensor array having said phototransistors positioned such that said phototransistors possess a detecting range of up to 360 degrees from said perpendicular vector. 33. The method as in claim 31 wherein said rotating of said underlying structure further comprises rotating said underlying structure by an angle that is substantially equivalent to twice the value of said predetermined angle. 