A device utilizing an alternative power source to provide wireless internet and wireless network access.
Claims 1. A wireless communication device for the transfer of information, the device comprising: an alternative energy source; a server adapted to provide information; an access point adapted to transmit a signal to one or more wireless communication devices, said access point comprising a wireless access point device; a unitary housing, said housing adapted to enclose said server and said access point; a mount adapted to secure said unitary housing to a stationary object. 2. The device of claim 1 further including a secondary energy source. 3. The device of claim 1, the alternative energy source including a solar panel. 4. The solar panel of claim 3 further including a mount adapted to align a solar panel for a latitudinal specific angle. 5. The device of claim 3, the alternative energy source further including a wind turbine. 6. The device of claim 1, the access point further comprising an antenna. 7. The housing of claim 1 further including a temperature regulating assembly. 8. A wireless communication device for the transfer of network information, the device comprising: an alternative energy source; a server adapted to provide information; an access point which transmits a signal to a wireless communication device, said access point comprising a wireless access point device and an antenna; a housing comprising a mounting frame and a casing adapted to enclose said server and said access point, said housing adapted to be secured to a stationary object. 9. The device of claim 8 further including a secondary energy source. 10. The device of claim 8, the alternative energy source including a solar panel. 11. The solar panel of claim 10 further including a mount adapted to align a solar panel for a latitudinal specific angle. 12. The device of claim 10, the alternative energy source further including a wind turbine. 13. The device of claim 8 further including a secondary antenna. 14. The housing of claim 8 further including a temperature regulating device. 15. A wireless communication device for the transfer of information, the device comprising: at least one alternative energy source; a server adapted to provide information; an access point adapted to transmit a signal to a wireless communication device, said access point comprising a wireless access point device; a unitary housing, said housing adapted to enclose said server and said access point; a mount adapted to secure said unitary housing to a stationary object. 16. The device of claim 15 further including a secondary energy source. 17. The device of claim 15, said at least one alternative energy source comprising a solar panel. 18. The solar panel of claim 17 further including a mount adapted to align a solar panel for a latitudinal specific angle. 19. The device of claim 15, the access point further comprising an antenna. 20. The housing of claim 15 further including an internal temperature regulating device. 