A pyramid-like structure consisting of a base and 3 or more side frames, each side frame forming an angle to the base. The pyramid-like structure having an enclosed space within and including a way to collect solar energy and to collect and transfer thermal energy from the sun; air suction mechanisms to take surrounding air into the enclosed space; a plurality of wind turbines; a Main Thermal Reservoir to take in and hold heat transfer medium, which is heated therein and then pumped to the top day tanks. The heat transfer medium is heated by a Heat Absorption and Transfer Layer through a network of pipes on the side frame back to the Main Thermal Reservoir, wherein thermal energy is collected, absorbed and transferred to the enclosed space of the pyramid, heating the enclosed space and within the air suction means, causing a temperature differential between the surrounding air and heated air inside the enclosed space of the pyramid to create a continuous flow of the heated air to turn the wind turbines. If desired, the thermal energy can be used to by a desalination system to process seawater into potable water.
Claims 1. A pyramid-like structure consisting of a base and 3 or more side frames, each side frame forming an angle to the base, the pyramid-like structure having an enclosed space within, the pyramid-like structure comprising:-- An accumulator-conductor of thermal energy, said accumulator-conductor having a collector of solar energy; An air suction means to take surrounding external air into the enclosed space; A plurality of wind turbines; a plurality of day tanks located near the top of the pyramid-type structure; a main thermal reservoir in fluid communication with said plurality of day tanks; A system for storage of a heat transfer medium, and heating of said heat transfer medium by the accumulator-conductor said system adapted to provide circulation of said heat transfer medium between said main thermal reservoir, the plurality of day tanks and the accumulator-conductor; A boiler system in communication with the plurality of day tanks to apply heat to the heat transfer medium within the plurality of day tanks; and A system of controls for working of the pyramid-like structure Characterized in that the accumulator-conductor is adapted to heat both air within the enclosed space of the pyramid and to heat the air within the air suction means, said wind turbines arranged to receive a flow of air resulting from said heat applied by the accumulator-conductor to the enclosed space and suction means. 2. The pyramid-like structure as claimed in claim 1, wherein the accumulator-conductor consisting of at least three layers of heat absorbing materials and a bottom layer of heat retention material, the three layers of heat absorbing materials including a 1.sup.st Heating Layer as the outermost layer, a 2.sup.nd Heat Transfer Layer below the 1.sup.st Heating Layer, a 3.sup.rd Heat Absorption to transfer Layer below the 2.sup.nd Transfer Layer, and a bottom layer of heat retention material being a 4.sup.th Heat retention Layer. 3. The pyramid-like structure as claimed in claim 2, wherein the collector includes the 1.sup.st Heating Layer. 4. The pyramid-like structure as claimed in claim 2 wherein the 1.sup.st Heating Layer includes a layer of glass panels or other transparent material such as transparent polycarbonate. 5. The pyramid-like structure as claimed in claim 4, wherein the 1.sup.st Heating Layer includes a transparent material such as transparent polycarbonate solar cells. 6. The pyramid-like structure as claimed in claim 4 wherein the 1.sup.st Heating Layer includes convex lenses to concentrate light beams. 7. The pyramid-like structure as claimed in claim 2, wherein the 2.sup.nd Heat Transfer Layer consisting of a network of metal pipes, wherein at least one pipe could be used to carry heat transfer medium, at least one pipe for carrying treated water and at least one pipe for carrying other heat transfer fluids. 8. The pyramid-like structure as claimed in claim 2, wherein the 3.sup.rd Heat Absorption and Transfer Layer includes thermal conductive metal plates adapted for heat absorption and transfer characteristic. 9. A 4.sup.th Heat retention Layer of an accumulator-conductor of thermal energy for the pyramid-like structure as claimed in claim 2, wherein the 4.sup.th Heat retention Layer includes insulation materials to absorb thermal heat transferred from the 1.sup.st Heating Layer, 2.sup.nd Heat Transfer Layer and 3.sup.rd Heat Absorption and Transfer Layer. 10. The pyramid-like structure as claimed in claim 2, wherein the 1.sup.st Heating Layer, the 2.sup.nd Heat Transfer Layer, the 3.sup.rd Heat Absorption and transfer Layer and the 4.sup.th Heat Retention Layer forms part of the cross section of the side frame. 11. The pyramid-like structure as claimed in claim 1, wherein the air suction means consists of a Vertical Main Air Shaft, a side air shaft on each side frame and a cool air tunnel along the Main Thermal Reservoir. 12. The pyramid-like structure as claimed in claim 11, wherein the Vertical Main Air Shaft having a top end near the top of the pyramid-like structure, a mid-section having a plurality of wind turbines and an enlarged circular base, also having a wind turbine. 13. The pyramid-like structure as claimed in claim 12, wherein the top end is cone-shaped and has automated louvres. 14. The pyramid-like structure as claimed in claim 12, wherein the top end of the Vertical Main Air Shaft is located within a hot plate. 15. The pyramid-like structure as claimed in claim 12, wherein the top end of the Vertical Main Air Shaft leads through the hot plate, to a Main Air Vent. 16. The pyramid-like structure as claimed in claim 12, wherein the base is in the form of an inverted spiral staircase, the spiral staircase formed at an angle in the range of 30-45 degrees side ways or perpendicular to the Turbine blades of the wind turbine at the base. 17. The pyramid-like structure as claimed in claim 12, wherein the Side Air Shaft includes a vent for intake of cool air tunnel connected to a cool air tunnel for passage of cool air and a vent for intake of hot air connected to a hot air tunnel for passage of hot air. 18. The pyramid-like structure as claimed in claim 17, wherein the cool air tunnel and hot air tunnel includes a plurality of wind turbines spaced apart to generate electricity as air passes through the tunnels. 19. The pyramid-like structure as claimed in claim 18, wherein the air tunnels are constructed of concrete and/or steel. 20. The pyramid-like structure as claimed in claim 11, wherein the cool air tunnel includes cool air vents for intake of cool air from outside of said pyramid-like structure, a mid section of the cool air tunnel laid along the Main Thermal Reservoir which leads to a vertical air tunnel in the enclosed space of the pyramid-like, said vertical air tunnel passing through a hot air chamber before exiting through a hot air exit near the top of the pyramid-like structure. 21. The pyramid-like structure as claimed in claim 1, further including a Main Thermal Reservoir connected to a plurality of Pre-Heat Side Tanks, Balancing Tank and an intake for Heat Transfer Medium and a pipe and pumps to circulate the Heat Transfer Medium up to a plurality of Day Tanks near the top of the pyramid-like structure and down from the Day tanks through a network of pipes of 2.sup.nd Heat Transfer Layer, the Heat Transfer Medium absorbing thermal energy and also transferring thermal energy from the 1.sup.st Heating Layer to the 3.sup.rd Heat Absorption and Transfer Layer, before the Heat transfer Medium flows back to the Main Thermal Reservoir. 22. The pyramid-like structure as claimed in claim 21, wherein the Main Thermal Reservoir is located at the base of the pyramid-like structure. 23. The pyramid-like structure as claimed in claim 21 wherein the main thermal reservoir is located directly below the enlarged circular base of the Vertical Main Air Shaft. 24. The pyramid-like structure as claimed in claim 21, wherein the Main Thermal Reservoir having steel plates placed such that air flowing through the Main Thermal reservoir and upwards through the Vertical Main Air Shaft causes the moving air to be turbulent in a semi-circular motion creating a hurricane like motion moving upwards the enlarged circular base of the Vertical Main Air Shaft. 25. The pyramid-like structure as claimed in claim 6 wherein the network of pipes includes pipes for the heat transfer medium such as fresh water and pipes for other heat transfer fluids. 26. The pyramid-like structure as claimed in claim 25, wherein the network of pipes is laid side by side within 1.sup.st Heating Layer and 3.sup.rd Heat Absorption and Transfer Layer inside the side frame. 27. The pyramid-like structure as claimed in claim 25, wherein the network of pipes is laid side by side in a ziz-zag pattern within Layer 1 and Layer 3 of the side frame so as to maximize the time taken for the heat transfer medium to flow through the pipes. 28. The pyramid-lice structure as claimed in claim 1, wherein the Heat Transfer Medium being fresh water or treated water. 29. The pyramid-like structure as claimed in claim 1, wherein the Heat Transfer Medium being a liquid with good thermal retention characteristics. 30. The pyramid-like structure as claimed in claim 1, wherein the boiler system includes a boiler on top of a hot plate and a steam chamber for receiving the steam produced by the boiler for further use of the steam. 31. The pyramid-like structure as claimed in claim 1, further including a plurality of external parabolic reflectors near the base of the pyramid-like structure positioned so that sunlight is directed towards the hot plate to heat the Heat transfer medium in the boiler. 32. The pyramid-like structure as claimed in claim 30, wherein the hot plate is a flat horizontal area containing the boiler system. 33. The pyramid-like structure as claimed in claim 1, wherein the system of controls consisting of controls for movement of air, movement of Heat Transfer Medium, seawater and potable water and controls for monitoring the operation of the various systems and temperature of the heat transfer medium, surrounding air, seawater and other heat transfer fluids. 34. The pyramid-like structure as claimed in claim 33, further including a system of control for controlling automated louvres. 35. The pyramid-like structure as claimed in claim 33, wherein the system of controls include pumps and flow regulators. 36. The pyramid-like structure as claimed in claim 33, wherein the controls are operated with instructions from a computer or other electrical/electronic devices. 37. The pyramid-like structure as claimed in claim 1 wherein the turbines include mini-turbines installed in a spaced arrangement in the hot air tunnels and cool air tunnels, wind turbines of various sizes located at intervals in the mid section of the Vertical Main Air Shaft and a Main Booster fan at the exit of the top end of the Vertical Main Air Shaft. 38. A First Air Heating Method for generating electricity for the pyramid-like structure as claimed in claim 1, the method comprising the steps of:-- taking cool air from outside the pyramid-like structure through the cool air vents into the cool air tunnels; talking warm air from outside the pyramid-like structure through the hot air vents into the hot air tunnels; heating the cool air in the cool air tunnels by the heat transferred from 1.sup.st Heating Layer and heat from 3.sup.rd Heat Absorption and transfer Layer; heating the warm air in the hot air tunnels by the heat transferred from 1.sup.st Heating Layer and heat from 3.sup.rd Heat absorption and transfer Layer; exiting the heated air from the cool air tunnels and hot air tunnels at the base of the pyramid-like structure, the heated air rising upwards in the enclosed space of the pyramid-like structure, further heating the heated air by the heat retained in 4.sup.th Heat retention Layer within the Side Frame, congregating the heated air near the hot plate; causing a temperature differential between the heated air near the hot plate and the surrounding air outside the pyramid-like structure, creating a continuous flow of hot air into the hot air tunnels and cool air tunnels, as a result of the temperature differential, and; turning the mini-turbines in the hot air tunnels and cool air tunnels. 39. The Method, as claimed in claim 38 wherein the hot air exiting through louvres at the hot plate passes through wind turbines and Main Booster fan further generating electricity. 40. The Method, as claimed in claim 38 wherein the louvres at the hot plate for passage of exit of hot air are controlled by the controls for movement of air. 41. A Second Air Heating Method for generating electricity in a pyramid-like structure as claimed in claim 1 comprising the steps of:-- taking heat transfer medium through an intake to a main thermal reservoir at the base of the pyramid to hold the heat transfer medium; said thermal reservoir having heat fins on its sides and on its top; taking cool air from the exterior of the pyramid structure through a plurality of cool air intake vents installed around the base of the structure; passing the cool air through a series of heat fins on a plurality of preheat side tanks at each side of the base of the pyramid; said preheat side tanks connected to the main thermal reservoir and having heat fins on its sides and on its top; converging said hot air into the inverted spiral staircase of the Vertical Main Air Shaft: creating an air turbulence with hot air exiting from the inverted spiral staircase at an angle of 30-45 Degrees side ways to the turbine blades in the Vertical Main Air Shaft, to turn the wind powered turbines in the Vertical Main Air Shaft for the generation of electricity; further passing the hot air through the mid-section of the Vertical Main Air Shaft having a plurality of wind turbines; further turning the plurality of wind turbines for generation of additional electricity before the hot air exits from the top of the Main Vertical Air Shaft. 42. The Method as claimed in claim 41 further including the step of: sucking the hot air exiting from the top of the Vertical Main Air Shaft out by a Main Booster Fan on the top of the pyramid-like structure. 43. A Third Air Heating Method for generating electricity for the pyramid-like structure as claimed in claim 1, the method comprising the steps of:-- taking cool air from the surrounding through the cool air vents into the cool air tunnels; heating the cool air being heated up in the cool air tunnels located along the Main Thermal Reservoir; the heated air rising vertically upwards in the vertical portion of the cool air tunnels within the enclosed space of the pyramid-like structure, further heated by the heating fins in the enclosed space of the pyramid-like structure; congregating of the heated air near a hot air chamber beneath the hot plate, then exiting the heated air through a hot air exit, causing a temperature differential between the heated air near the hot plate and the surrounding air outside the pyramid-like structure; the temperature differential creating a continuous flow of cool air into the cool air tunnels, turning an alternator at the hot air exit, to generate electricity. 44. The method according to claim 41 wherein luring the transition period from the early dawn to when the sun begins to rise, warm heat transfer medium from the Main Thermal Reservoir is pumped up to the top of the pyramid-like structure and then allowed to flow down the network of pipes to start heating up the steel and/or aluminum of the 3.sup.rd Heat Absorption and Transfer Layer within the side frame, to shorten the time for the sun to heat up the pyramid-like structure and improve efficiency of the First Air Heating Method and Second Air Heating Method. 