Methods and devices are provided for improved environmental protection for photovoltaic devices and assemblies. In one embodiment, the device comprises of an individually encapsulated solar cell, wherein the encapsulated solar cell includes at least one protective layer coupled to at least one surface of the solar cell and the protective layer may be formed from a substantially inorganic material. The protective layer has a chemical composition that prevents moisture from entering the solar cell and wherein light passes through the protective layer to reach an absorber layer in the solar cell.
Claims 1-31. (canceled) 32. A method comprising: providing a solar cell having an absorber layer; and forming at least one protective layer on at least one surface of the solar cell to define an individually encapsulated solar cell; wherein the protective layer provides a moisture barrier having a chemical composition that substantially prevents moisture from entering the solar cell and substantially prevents moisture damage to the absorber layer; wherein the forming step comprises of using a substantially inorganic material; wherein light passes through the protective layer to reach the absorber layer in the solar cell. 33. The method of claim 32 wherein the forming step comprises of using at least one material selected from the group consisting of: silica, alumina, aluminosilicates, diamond-like films, borosilicates, silicon nitride, aluminophosphosilicates, aluminophosphates, and/or combinations thereof. 34. The method of claim 32 wherein the protective layer comprises of a first layer of a first inorganic material and a second layer of a second inorganic material. 35. The method of claim 32 wherein the protective layer comprises of a layer of silica layer and a layer of alumina. 36. The method of claim 32 wherein the protective layer comprises a plurality of fused inorganic particles. 37. The method of claim 32 wherein the protective layer comprises a plurality of fused silica particles. 38. The method of claim 32 wherein the protective layer is a layer deposited by atomic layer deposition. 39. The method of claim 32 wherein the protective layer comprises of a plurality of layers deposited by atomic layer deposition. 40. The method of claim 32 wherein the protective layer comprises of a silico-acrylic composition. 41. The method of claim 32 wherein the protective layer has a thickness in the range of about 0.3 to 300 nm. 42. The method of claim 32 wherein forming step comprises forming a plurality of protective sublayers. 43. The method of claim 32 wherein the protective layer is applied to each solar cell prior to mounting the solar cell in a photovoltaic device module. 44. The method of claim 32 further comprising adding a flexible roofing membrane beneath the cell. 45. The method of claim 32 further comprising adding a roofing material beneath the cell. 46. A moisture resistant solar cell formed by the method as set forth in claim 32. 47. A solar roofing material containing a plurality of solar cells formed by the method as set forth in claim 32. 48. A flexible solar roofing membrane containing a plurality of solar cells formed by the method as set forth in claim 32. 