A telecommunication apparatus, e.g. a radio base station in a mobile telecommunications network, comprises a plurality of traffic handling units and a plurality of power supply units powering the traffic handling units. Control means are provided for determining a power budget based on a power criterion. The control means activate an amount of traffic handling units and power supply units having a total power consumption equal to or less than the power budget. The power criterion for determining the power budget can comprise any power related parameter, such as an amount of solar cell generated power, a charging condition of a backup battery, a value of a mains voltage, a failure of a power supply unit of the apparatus, etc.
Claims 1.-8. (canceled) 9. A telecommunication apparatus having a plurality of traffic handling units, and at least one power supply unit for powering the plurality of traffic handling units, comprising: a control means adapted to determine a power budget based on a power criterion; and the control means operable to activate an amount of traffic handling units of the plurality of traffic handling units having a total power consumption equal to or less than the power budget; and the control means operable to activate an amount of power supply units of the at least one supply units matching the total power consumption of the amount of activated traffic handling units. 10. The telecommunication apparatus of claim 9, wherein the control means are adapted to transfer active traffic from a traffic handling unit which is to be de-activated, to one or more of the activated traffic handling units, before de-activating the to be de-activated traffic handling unit. 11. The telecommunication apparatus of claim 9, wherein a maximum power output of a subgroup of the plurality of power supply units matches a maximum power consumption of a subgroup of the plurality of traffic handling units. 12. The telecommunication apparatus of claim 9, wherein the control means further comprises: a power status monitor for determining the power budget based on the power criterion; a regulator for generating a regulator signal from an amount of active traffic; and a decider for deciding on an activation of one or more of the plurality of power supply units based on the power budget as determined by the power status monitor, the regulator signal and an actual power consumption. 13. The telecommunication apparatus of claim 12, wherein the decider comprises a decision mechanism for taking account of the power budget as a limit value, the regulator signal as a desired value, and the actual used power as a factual value, the decision mechanism being adapted for activating as many power supply units and traffic handling units as required to match the regulator signal, the decision mechanism however being adapted to activate no more power supply units and traffic handling units than allowed by the power budget 14. The telecommunication apparatus of claim 9, wherein the control means further comprises: a stay alive mechanism operable, when the power budget is under a first, predetermined level, to only activate power supplies and traffic handling units to process emergency calls; the stay alive mechanism operable, when the power budget is under a second, predetermined level which is lower than the first level, to not activate any of the traffic handling units and only keep the control means and further monitoring hardware active, and the stay alive mechanism operable, when the power budget is under a third, predetermined level which is lower than the second level, to shut down the telecommunication apparatus. 15. The telecommunication apparatus of claim 9, wherein the power criterion comprises at least one selected from the group consisting of: an amount of solar cell generated power, a charging condition of a battery for supplying power to the apparatus, a value of a mains voltage supplied to the apparatus, an amount of fuel in a fuel tank of a generator for generating power for feeding the apparatus, and a failure of a power supply unit. 16. The telecommunication apparatus of claim 15, wherein the control means are adapted to transfer active traffic from a traffic handling unit which is to be de-activated, to one or more of the activated traffic handling units, before de-activating the to be de-activated traffic handling unit. 17. The telecommunication apparatus of claim 15, wherein a maximum power output of a subgroup of the plurality of power supply units matches a maximum power consumption of a subgroup of the plurality of traffic handling units. 18. The telecommunication apparatus of claim 15, wherein the control means further comprises: a power status monitor for determining the power budget based on the power criterion; a regulator for generating a regulator signal from an amount of active traffic; and a decider for deciding on an activation of one or more of the plurality of power supply units based on the power budget as determined by the power status monitor, the regulator signal and an actual power consumption. 19. The telecommunication apparatus of claim 18, wherein the decider comprises a decision mechanism for taking account of the power budget as a limit value, the regulator signal as a desired value, and the actual used power as a factual value, the decision mechanism being adapted for activating as many power supply units and traffic handling units as required to match the regulator signal, the decision mechanism however being adapted to activate no more power supply units and traffic handling units than allowed by the power budget. 20. The telecommunication apparatus of claim 15, wherein the control means further comprises: a stay alive mechanism operable, when the power budget is under a first, predetermined level, to only activate power supplies and traffic handling units to process emergency calls; the stay alive mechanism operable, when the power budget is under a second, predetermined level which is lower than the first level, to not activate any of the traffic handling units and only keep the control means and further monitoring hardware active, and the stay alive mechanism operable, when the power budget is under a third, predetermined level which is lower than the second level, to shut down the telecommunication apparatus. 21. The telecommunication apparatus according to claim 9, wherein the power criterion comprises a forecast of at least one selected from the group consisting of: an amount of solar cell generated power, a charging condition of a battery for supplying power to the apparatus, a value of a mains voltage supplied to the apparatus, an amount of fuel in a fuel tank of a generator for generating power for feeding the apparatus, and a traffic load of the apparatus. 22. The telecommunication apparatus of claim 21, wherein the control means are adapted to transfer active traffic from a traffic handling unit which is to be de-activated, to one or more of the activated traffic handling units, before de-activating the to be de-activated traffic handling unit. 23. The telecommunication apparatus of claim 21, wherein a maximum power output of a subgroup of the plurality of power supply units matches a maximum power consumption of a subgroup of the plurality of traffic handling units. 24. The telecommunication apparatus of claim 21, wherein the control means further comprises: a power status monitor for determining the power budget based on the power criterion; a regulator for generating a regulator signal from an amount of active traffic; and a decider for deciding on an activation of one or more of the plurality of power supply units based on the power budget as determined by the power status monitor, the regulator signal and an actual power consumption. 25. The telecommunication apparatus of claim 24, wherein the decider comprises a decision mechanism for taking account of the power budget as a limit value, the regulator signal as a desired value, and the actual used power as a factual value, the decision mechanism being adapted for activating as many power supply units and traffic handling units as required to match the regulator signal, the decision mechanism however being adapted to activate no more power supply units and traffic handling units than allowed by the power budget. 26. The telecommunication apparatus of claim 21, wherein the control means further comprises: a stay alive mechanism operable, when the power budget is under a first, predetermined level, to only activate power supplies and traffic handling units to process emergency calls; the stay alive mechanism operable, when the power budget is under a second, predetermined level which is lower than the first level, to not activate any of the traffic handling units and only keep the control means and further monitoring hardware active, and the stay alive mechanism operable, when the power budget is under a third, predetermined level which is lower than the second level, to shut down the telecommunication apparatus. 