A manifold of a solar water heating system having an offset mechanism formed on an outer surface thereof that allows articulated airflow between the manifold and a mounting surface. For one embodiment the offset mechanism is implemented as flanges formed at each end of the manifold. For one embodiment the manifold has a male end and a female end that provide a compression fit for interconnecting two manifolds. One embodiment provides a means for securing a manifold to a mounting surface such that rotation of the manifold relative to the mounting surface is significantly reduced or prevented. For one embodiment the means for securing the manifold includes a clamp bolted to the mounting surface and a means for removably coupling the manifold to the clamp. For one such embodiment the clamp has channels formed on the interior thereof that receive a corresponding flange formed on the manifold.
Claims 1. A system comprising: a first set of two or more interconnected manifolds having a plurality of nipples formed therein; a second set of two or more interconnected manifolds, corresponding to the first set, having a corresponding plurality of nipples formed therein; each of the first set and the second set of interconnected manifolds having an offset mechanism formed thereon, the offset mechanisms elevating the manifolds above a mounting surface allowing articulated airflow between the manifolds and the mounting surface; and a plurality of liquid conduit panels attached to the first plurality of nipples and the second plurality of nipples such that liquid introduced through the first set of interconnected manifolds is circulated through the conduits to the second set of interconnected manifolds. 2. The system of claim 1 wherein the offset mechanisms are implemented as one or more flanges formed on each of the manifolds. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein each of the plurality nipples has a specific orientation and the offset mechanisms substantially reduce rotation of the manifolds thereby maintaining the nipple orientation relative to the mounting surface. 4. The system of claim 2 further comprising: one or more panel mounting strips positioned atop the panels, the panel mounting strips bolted to the mounting surface to secure the panels to the mounting surface. 5. The system of claim 4 wherein the panel mounting strips are comprised of a rigid plastic. 6. The system of claim 4 wherein a panel mounting strip is implemented approximately every five feet along a length of the panels. 7. The system of claim 2 wherein each of the manifolds has a male end and a female end, the male end of each manifold having one or more o-ring grooves formed therein. 8. The system of claim 7 wherein two interconnected manifolds are interconnected by inserting a male end of a first manifold into a female end of a second manifold, corresponding flanges of the first manifold and the second manifold forming a pair of mated flanges. 9. The system of claim 8 further comprising: a manifold clamp having a flange groove formed therein to receive a pair of mated flanges of two interconnected manifolds and a retention mechanism for securing a manifold disposed within a manifold retention area of the manifold clamp. 10. The system of claim 9 wherein the manifold clamp further comprises a tail section having a clamp mounting screw hole formed therein through which a lag bolt may be screwed to mount the manifold clamp to a mounting surface. 11. A manifold for a solar liquid heating system comprising: a tube having an inner surface defining an interior and an outer surface defining an exterior; and an offset mechanism formed on the outer surface such that upon securing the manifold to a mounting surface, the offset mechanism elevates the manifold above the mounting surface allowing articulated airflow between the manifold and the mounting surface. 12. The manifold of claim 11 wherein the tube is cylindrical and the offset mechanism is positioned such that rotational movement of the manifold relative to the mounting surface is prevented. 13. The manifold of claim 12 further comprising: one or more nipples allowing a liquid from the interior to proceed to the exterior, wherein the offset mechanism includes a first flange formed on the outer surface of the manifold at a proximal end of the manifold and a second flange on the outer surface of the manifold at a distal end of the manifold. 14. The manifold of claim 13 wherein the manifold has a male end and a female end, the male end having formed therein one or more o-ring grooves. 15. The manifold of claim 11 wherein the material comprising the manifold is approximately 80% polypropylene and 20% glass. 16. The manifold of claim 13 wherein the first flange and the second flange are formed so as to be removably inserted into corresponding flange grooves of a mounting clamp secured to a mounting surface. 17. An apparatus comprising: a manifold clamp having a manifold retention area defined by an upper clamp member and a lower clamp member, at least one of the upper clamp member and the lower clamp member having a flange groove formed therein to receive a flange of at least one flanged manifold; and a retention mechanism for securing a manifold disposed within the manifold retention area. 18. The apparatus of claim 17 wherein the retention mechanism is a retention pin inserted into a retention pin hole formed in the upper clamp member. 19. The apparatus of claim 17 wherein the retention mechanism is a detent implemented within the flange groove. 20. The apparatus of claim 17 wherein the manifold clamp further comprises a tail section having a clamp mounting screw hole formed therein through which a lag bolt may be screwed to mount the clamp to a mounting surface. 