A fluid system is provided comprising: a heater having an inlet and an outlet; a storage vessel; storage vessel heating means for heating the fluid in the storage vessel; a mixing valve having a first inlet for receiving fluid to be heated from a fluid supply, a second inlet for receiving fluid from the storage vessel, and an outlet for supplying fluid to the inlet of the heater; and a controller wherein the controller is arranged to monitor the heater's performance and to operate the mixing valve to blend the fluid from the fluid supply with fluid from the storage vessel, for example, when a demand on the heater exceeds a threshold value.
Claims 1. A hot fluid system comprising: a heater having an inlet and an outlet; a storage vessel; storage vessel heating means for heating the fluid in the storage vessel; a mixer having a first inlet for receiving fluid to be heated from a fluid supply, a second inlet for receiving fluid from the storage vessel, and an outlet for supplying fluid to the inlet of the heater; and a controller; wherein the controller is arranged to monitor the heater's performance and to operate the mixer to blend the fluid from the fluid supply with fluid from the fluid storage vessel for supply to the fluid heater. 2. A system as claimed in claim 1, in which the heater is a combustion heater and the storage vessel heating means recovers heat from flue gasses of the combustion heater. 3. A system as claimed in claim 1, in which the mixer is a mixing valve. 4. A system as claimed in claim 1, in which the controller monitors the output temperature of the heater and operates the mixer to blend fluid from the storage vessel with fluid from the fluid supply when the fluid output temperature is below a target value. 5. A system as claimed in claim 1, in which the controller is responsive to a fuel flow control valve position within the combustion boiler and controls the mixer to blend fluid from the storage vessel with fluid from the fluid supply when the control valve is at or exceeds a threshold position. 6. A system as claimed in claim 1, in which the controller is responsive to fluid temperature at the output of the mixer. 7. A system as claimed in claim 6, in which the controller is an integral part of the mixer. 8. A system as claimed in claim 7, in which the mixer is a thermostatically controlled mixing valve. 9. A system as claimed in claim 1, in which the heater is operable to heat fluid in the storage vessel. 10. A system as claimed in claim 1, in which the storage vessel heating means is a secondary heating system comprising one or more of electric heating, solar heating or waste heat recovery. 11. A hot water system comprising a system as claimed in claim 1. 12. A method of operating a liquid heating system, the heating system comprising: a heater having an inlet and an outlet; a storage vessel; storage vessel heating means for heating liquid in the storage vessel; a mixing valve having a first inlet for receiving liquid to be heated from a liquid supply, a second inlet for receiving liquid from the storage vessel, and an outlet for supplying liquid to the inlet of the heater, wherein the mixing valve is adopted to blend liquid from the liquid supply with liquid from the storage vessel. 13. A method as claimed in claim 12, in which the mixing valve is operated so as to achieve a target temperature at the inlet to the heater. 14. A method as claimed in claim 12, in which the mixing valve is operated as a function of the heater demand. 15. A method as claimed in claim 14, in which the proportion of liquid drawn from the storage vessel increases with increasing demand on the heater. 