A self automatic hair and scalp washing and caring device includes a human body support, a shampoo bowl disposed below a head of a person supported by the support and a waste-water discharging means. The device also includes a face cover or a head cover disposed on the shampoo bowl so as to be openable and closable, removable, or integrated with the shampoo bowl, and a supplying means, disposed at the shampoo bowl or the cover, for supplying liquid including chemical liquid and washing liquid to the head, the chemical liquid including sol and gel shampoo and scalp care agent, the washing liquid including water and hot water. The human body support, the shampoo bowl, and the face cover are mounted to a frame, so that the size and the weight of the device enable one person to carry the device.
Claims 1. A self automatic hair and scalp washing and caring device, the device comprising: a human body support for supporting a person either lying face up or face down; a shampoo bowl disposed below the head of the person supported by the support and comprising waste-water discharging means; a face cover or a head cover disposed on the shampoo bowl so as to be openable and closable, removable, or integrated with the shampoo bowl, the face cover or the head cover and the shampoo bowl covering the head together; and supplying means, disposed at the shampoo bowl or the cover, for supplying liquid including chemical liquid and washing liquid to the head surrounded by the shampoo bowl and the cover, the chemical liquid including sol and gel shampoo and scalp care agent, the washing liquid including water and hot water, wherein the shampoo bowl, the face cover or the head cover, and the supplying means are mounted to a frame, so that the size and the weight of the device are such as to allow one person to carry the device. 2. The self automatic hair and scalp washing and caring device according to claim 1, wherein the shampoo bowl and the face cover the head so as to expose the face. 3. The self automatic hair and scalp washing and caring device according to claim 2, wherein the face cover has a dual structure comprising an internal cover portion and an external cover portion, and the face which is exposed to the outer side of the internal cover portion is positioned at the inner side of the external cover portion. 4. The self automatic hair and scalp washing and caring device according to claim 1, wherein the shampoo bowl and the face cover are previously integrated, and the integrated structure has an opening for receiving the head of the person and for exposing the face of the person to the outside. 5. A self automatic hair and scalp washing and caring device, the device comprising: a shampoo bowl disposed below the head of a person who is supported while lying face up or face down and comprising waste-water discharging means; a face cover or a head cover disposed on the shampoo bowl so as to be openable and closable, removable, or integrated with the shampoo bowl, the face cover or the head cover and the shampoo bowl covering the head together; and supplying means, disposed at the shampoo bowl or the cover, for supplying liquid including chemical liquid and washing liquid to the head surrounded by the shampoo bowl and the cover, the chemical liquid including sol and gel shampoo and scalp care agent, the washing liquid including water and hot water, wherein the shampoo bowl, the face cover or the head cover, and the supplying means are mounted to a frame, so that the size and the weight of the device are such as to allow one person to carry the device, and are used in combination with human body supporting means including a chair for supporting the person lying either face up or down when the device is used. 6. The self automatic hair and scalp washing and caring device according to any one of claims 1 and 5, wherein the frame for mounting the shampoo bowl and the face cover or head cover thereto is any one of a fixed frame, a folding/spreading frame, and a disassembly/reassembly frame. 7. The self automatic hair and scalp washing and caring device according to any one of claims 1 and 5, wherein the supplying means comprises chemical liquid tanks, a washing liquid tank, and at least one discharge head, the chemical liquid tanks containing chemical liquid including shampoo, a scalp care agent, and a hair care agent, the washing liquid tank containing washing liquid including water and hot water, and said at least one discharge head being connected to the tanks. 8. The self automatic hair and scalp washing and caring device according to claim 7, wherein said at least one discharge head comprises at least one shower head, nozzle, or discharge opening, or a combination thereof. 9. The self automatic hair and scalp washing and caring device according to any one of claims 1 and 5, wherein the liquid including chemical liquid and washing liquid supplied from a/said at least one discharge head are at ordinary temperature or are heated by a heater. 10. The self automatic hair and scalp washing and caring device according to any one of claims 1 and 5, wherein a/said at least one discharge head at the face cover, the head cover, or the shampoo bowl is a fixed type or a movable type. 11. The self automatic hair and scalp washing and caring device according to any one of claims 1 and 5, wherein tanks/the tanks are disposed below the shampoo bowl. 12. The self automatic hair and scalp washing and caring device according to any one of claims 1 and 5, wherein as a result of connection to the shampoo bowl the liquid that accumulates in the shampoo bowl is passed through and is cleaned at at least one filter or stage, and then is accumulated in a different tank, is circulated in a/the washing liquid tank, or is made to flow to an external waste-water discharging system. 13. The self automatic hair and scalp washing and caring device according to any one of claims 1 and 5, further comprising a pump of a suitable type for supplying the liquid including chemical liquid and washing liquid to a/said at least one discharge head and/or for discharging the liquid including the washing liquid accumulated in the shampoo bowl. 14. The self automatic hair and scalp washing and caring device according to claim 13, wherein the pump is a type which selectively uses an AC power supply or a DC power supply, including an ordinary battery, a fuel battery, an ordinary electric power generator, a wind power generator, and a photovoltaic generator, or is a manual type. 15. The self automatic hair and scalp washing and caring device according to any one of claims 1 and 5, wherein controlling of operations including the starting and stopping of a/the heater and a/the pump are carried out by operating a remote control operation unit and/or an operation panel unit. 