The invention relates to the field of solar radiation collectors intended to convert energy of solar radiation into thermal energy, specifically, to the solar radiation collectors constructed as the combination of a concentrated solar radiation receiver, a single-curvature or compound-curvature concentrator and a tracking mechanism. A thermal insulation of the concentrated solar radiation receiver and the concentrated solar radiation receiver itself play a role of parts in the tracking mechanism.
Claims 1. A solar radiation modular collector comprising: a concentrating unit of the single-curvature type; a receiver of concentrated solar radiation, said receiver comprising: a metal pipe with inlet and outlet connections, with a black or selective coating of the outer surface of said metal pipe; a thermal insulation intended to insulate thermally at least a portion of said metal pipe; said thermal insulation comprising a metal envelope with a vacuum-insulated internal cavity; said metal envelope comprising elongated internal and external sections, which are joined by two elongated connection straps and sealed at their ends by face planes; said internal elongated section comprising a cylindrical sub-section, which encloses a significant part of said metal pipe; said cylindrical sub-section featuring flat or single-curved strips with a certain angle of convergence with respect to said cylindrical sub-section; wherein said elongated external section encloses said metal pipe and the internal cavity between said elongated internal and external sections is evacuated in order to suppress convective and conductive losses of heat from said metal pipe; wherein the gap between the distal longitudinal margins of said flat or single-curved strips is glazed by a glazing; wherein said internal and external sections of said metal envelope are provided with corrugations, which decrease in dimension in the vicinity of said connection straps; and wherein said receiver is positioned in the zone of the focal line of said single-curvature concentrator; and a set of truss struts joining said concentrating unit with said metal envelope. 2. A solar radiation modular collector of claim 1, wherein said metal pipe is provided at end sections with a plurality of flexible sections in order to compensate for thermal expansion. 3. A solar radiation modular collector of claim 1, wherein said metal pipe is provided with a set of low circular ribs in order to prevent immediate contact of said black or selective coating with the inner surface of said elongated internal section. 4. A solar radiation modular collector of claim 3, wherein the cylindrical surfaces of said circular ribs are provided with an antifriction coating. 5. A solar radiation modular collector of claim 1, wherein the ends of said metal pipe are provided with flanges. 6. A solar radiation modular collector of claim 1, further comprising an auxiliary means for installation of said concentrating unit, said metal pipe and said metal envelope. 7. The collector of claim 6, wherein said metal pipe is installed on two posts, which serve as said auxiliary means, and said metal envelope can rotate around said metal pipe. 8. A solar radiation modular collector of claim 1, wherein the outer surface of said external section of said metal envelope is provided with a selective coating, which absorbs concentrated solar radiation. 9. A solar radiation modular collector of claim 1, wherein reflecting shields from metal foil are positioned in said internal cavity of said metal envelope. 10. A solar radiation modular collector of claim 9, wherein said internal cavity of said metal envelope is filled with gas. 11. A solar radiation modular collector of claim 10, wherein said gas has low thermal conductivity. 12. A solar radiation modular collector of claim 1, wherein said internal cavity is filled with powdered solid material. 13. A solar radiation modular collector of claim 1, wherein the extreme sections of said metal pipe are provided with threads instead of said flanges. 14. A solar radiation modular collector of claim 1, wherein there are some said metal envelopes situated around one said metal pipe, and, correspondingly, there are some said concentrating units, which are joined with said metal envelopes. 15. A solar radiation modular collector of claim 1, further comprising a tracking unit for tracking the sun by said concentrating unit. 16. A solar radiation collector system comprising a plurality of said solar radiation modular collectors of claim 1; said plurality solar radiation modular collectors are placed in the form of parallel rows and said metal pipes are interconnected in series in each said row. 17. A solar radiation collector system of claim 16, further comprising a common tracking unit for said collectors. 18. A solar radiation modular collector comprising: a concentrating unit of the compound-curvature type with a frame; a bearing pipe with an inlet and outlet connections and flexible joints at its extreme sections for compensation of its thermal expansion, for transport of heat by a working medium; wherein said bearing pipe is provided with a thermal insulation layer; posts for mounting said bearing pipe; wherein said bearing pipe comprises tubular members and T-pieces, installed between each pair of the neighboring tubular members; wherein the lower branch of each said T-piece is sealed by a metal convex spherical cap and a part of its outer surface of the T-piece is covered with a thermal insulation layer; a solar radiation receiving unit, which is constructed from a dish-type plate and a double-wall funnel; wherein the upper side of said dish-type plate has the concave surface in the form of a spherical segment with the radius commensurate with that of said metal convex spherical cap, thereby forming a spherical joint; wherein the lower surface of said dish-type plate is covered with a layer of solar radiation absorption coating; wherein the upper edge of the internal wall of said double-wall funnel is joined with the edge of said dish-type plate and the edge of its outer wall is provided with a flange; a glazing of the distal (lower) aperture of said double-wall funnel; a bearing housing with a split lower flange and two longitudinal slots; said bearing housing being mounted on said thermal insulation layer of said T-piece; a clamp, which closes the open sections of said bearing housing; a flexible joint that joins said split lower flange of said bearing housing and said flange of said double-wall funnel; and a tracking unit for tracking the sun by said concentrating unit of the compound-curvature type; said tracking unit comprising tracking rods, which are joined by hinges with said frame. 19. A solar radiation modular collector of claim 18, wherein the internal surface of said internal wall of said double-wall funnel has a high value of light reflection coefficient. 20. A solar radiation modular collector comprising: a concentrating unit of the compound-curvature type with a frame; a bearing pipe with an inlet and outlet connections and flexible joints at its extreme sections for compensation of its thermal expansion, for transport of heat by a working medium; wherein said bearing pipe is provided with a thermal insulation layer; posts for mounting said bearing pipe; wherein said bearing pipe comprises tubular members and T-pieces, installed between each pair of the neighboring tubular members; wherein the lower branch of each said T-piece is sealed by a metal convex spherical cap and a part of its outer surface of the T-piece is covered with a thermal insulation layer; a solar radiation receiving unit, which is constructed from a double-wall funnel; wherein the upper side of said dish-type plate has the concave surface in the form of a spherical segment with the radius commensurate with that of said metal convex spherical cap, thereby forming a spherical joint; wherein the lower surface of said dish-type plate is covered with a layer of solar radiation absorption coating; wherein the upper edge of the internal wall of said double-wall funnel is joined with the edge of said dish-type plate and the edge of its outer wall is provided with a flange; and wherein the outer surface of said metal convex spherical cap is provided with a radiation absorption coating and said radiation absorption coating is stable against friction with the upper edge of said double-wall funnel; a glazing of the distal (lower) aperture of said double-wall funnel; a bearing housing with a split lower flange and two longitudinal slots; said bearing housing being mounted on said thermal insulation layer of said T-piece; a clamp, which closes the open sections of said bearing housing; a flexible joint that joins said split lower flange of said bearing housing and said flange of said double-wall funnel; and a tracking unit for tracking the sun by said concentrating unit of the compound-curvature type; said tracking unit comprising tracking rods, which are joined by hinges with said frame. 21. A solar radiation modular collector comprising, a concentrating unit of the compound-curvature type with a frame; a bearing pipe with an inlet and outlet connections and flexible joints at its extreme sections for compensation of its thermal expansion, for transport of heat by a working medium; wherein said bearing pipe is provided with a thermal insulation layer; posts for mounting said bearing pipe; wherein said bearing pipe comprises tubular members and T-pieces, installed between each pair of the neighboring tubular members; wherein the lower branch of each said T-piece is sealed by a metal convex spherical cap and a part of its outer surface of the T-piece is covered with a thermal insulation layer; a solar radiation receiving unit, which is constructed from a dish-type plate and a single-wall funnel; wherein the upper side of said dish-type plate has the concave surface in the form of a spherical segment with the radius commensurate with that of said metal convex spherical cap, thereby forming a spherical joint; wherein the lower surface of said dish-type plate is covered with a layer of solar radiation absorption coating; a glazing of the distal (lower) aperture of said double-wall funnel; a bearing housing with a split lower flange and two longitudinal slots; said bearing housing being mounted on said thermal insulation layer of said T-piece; a clamp, which closes the open sections of said bearing housing; a flexible joint that joins said split lower flange of said bearing housing and said flange of said double-wall funnel; and a tracking unit for tracking the sun by said concentrating unit of the compound-curvature type; said tracking unit comprising tracking rods, which are joined by hinges with said frame; wherein the lower edge of said single-wall funnel is joined with the lower flange of said flexible joint; said truss struts are joined in this case with said connecting branch. 22. A solar radiation collector system comprising a plurality of said solar radiation modular collectors of claim 18; wherein said plurality of solar radiation modular collectors are in parallel rows; said bearing pipes are interconnected in series in each said row; said solar radiation modular collectors, which are positioned in parallel or belong to said one set of interconnected serial bearing pipes have common tracking units. 