The present invention relates to photovoltaic concentrating modules and related concentrating solar systems and methods. In particular, the present invention relates to concentrating modules, especially modules having a convenient size and market acceptance of traditional flat photovoltaic solar panels.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic power system comprising: (a) a support structure having an interface that is structured to be compatible with a pre-existing solar panel form factor; and (b) a plurality of spaced apart, linear photovoltaic concentrator modules coupled to the support structure such that a module is moveable with respect to the support structure. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein each module is moveable about a single axis. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein each module is moveable with respect to the support structure. 4. The system of claim 3, wherein the support structure is fixed. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein each module is moveable about a single axis and wherein at least one module is individually moveable with respect to another module. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the system captures sufficient diffuse incident light and converts such diffuse incident light to electricity such that the system is self-powered. 7. The system of claim 1, further comprising an aperture that captures incident light, wherein a refractive optical element corresponds to a first portion of the aperture and a reflective optical element corresponds to a second portion of the aperture. 8. The system of claim 7, wherein the reflective optical element is a surface of a trough and the refractive optical element is incorporated into a first portion of a cover attached to a light receiving end of the trough such that incident light captured by the first portion is refracted toward a first photovoltaic receiver and light captured by another portion of the cover is reflected onto a second photovoltaic receiver. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein the first and second photovoltaic receivers are the same. 10. The system of claim 1, wherein each module is individually moveable with respect to the other modules. 11. The system of claim 1, wherein the support structure is flat and of similar size and shape to a support structure of a pre-existing solar panel. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein the support structure is selected from the group consisting of a frame or mounting rails. 13. The system of claim 1, wherein the concentrator modules are mechanically coupled into module groups. 14. The system of claim 1, wherein each concentrator module comprises a reflective trough and a refractive lens, said trough and lens having a common optical axis. 15. The system of claim 14, wherein the trough is thermally coupled to a photovoltaic receiver in a manner such that the trough helps to passively dissipate heat from the receiver. 16. The system of claim 1, wherein each concentrator module includes a receiver comprising at least one photovoltaic cell and an optical element that helps to concentrate incident light upon the at least one photovoltaic cell. 17. The system of claim 16, wherein each photovoltaic concentrator module comprises an optical system having a reflective optical element and a refractive optical element, wherein a portion of incident light is concentrated by the reflective optical element onto the at least one photovoltaic cell of the receiver and a separate portion of the incident light is concentrated by the refractive optical element onto at least one photovoltaic cell of the receiver. 18. The system of claim 17, wherein the reflective and refractive optical elements concentrate separate portions of incident light onto a common photovoltaic cell. 19. The system of claim 16, wherein each photovoltaic concentrator module includes an optical system having a non-imaging optical element and an imaging optical element, wherein a portion of incident light is concentrated by the non-imaging optical element onto the at least one photovoltaic cell of the receiver and a separate portion of the incident light is concentrated by the imaging optical element onto the at least one photovoltaic cell of the receiver. 20. The system of claim 1, wherein each photovoltaic concentrator module includes an input aperture having a lens over a portion of the input aperture such that there are other portions of the input aperture through which diffuse light may enter the module without being refracted by the lens. 21. The system of claim 20, wherein the diffuse light entering the module without being refracted by the lens is reflected onto a receiver including at least one photovoltaic cell. 22. The system of claim 1, wherein each photovoltaic concentrator module includes an input aperture that helps to transmit diffuse light onto a photovoltaic receiver of the module. 23. The system of claim 1, wherein the modules are terraced. 24. The system of claim 1, wherein a reflective surface of a trough incorporated into a concentrator module comprises aluminum having a reflective surface. 25. The system of claim 1, wherein a module comprises a reflective trough fitted with a cover, and wherein the module is vented. 26. A method of providing a photovoltaic power system, comprising the step of configuring a support structure of a photovoltaic power system to have a form factor that is compatible with a pre-existing, flat solar panel, wherein the photovoltaic power system comprises: (a) the support structure; and (b) a plurality of spaced apart, linear photovoltaic concentrator modules coupled to the support structure such that a module is moveable with respect to the support structure. 27. A method of generating electric power, comprising the step of using the photovoltaic power system of claim 1 in a manner so as to photovoltaically convert light energy into electrical energy. 28. A photovoltaic concentrator module, comprising a reflective trough that concentrates light energy onto a receiver having at least one photovoltaic cell, wherein the trough is coupled to the receiver in a manner such that the trough functions simultaneously as a concentrating optical element, a structural element, and a cooling element. 29. The module of claim 28, further comprising a cover that is coupled to a light receiving end of the trough such that the cover helps to maintain a structural dimension of the trough. 30. The module of claim 29, wherein a portion of the cover includes a refractive optical element that refractively concentrates light onto the receiver. 31. A photovoltaic power system comprising: (a) a support structure; and (b) a plurality of spaced apart, linear, photovoltaic concentrator modules coupled to the support structure such that a module is moveable with respect to the support structure, said modules including a refractive optical element that concentrates light onto a common photovoltaic receiver from a first portion of a light receiving aperture of the module and a reflective optical element that concentrates light onto the common photovoltaic receiver from a second portion of the light receiving aperture. 