A solar panel(s) positioning apparatus for controlling the orientation of a solar panel(s) having one edge pivotally mounted to a support surface including a lift bar attached to an opposite edge of the panel(s) and having a mast, a base supported on the support surface, a swing link connected between the base and the mast and an extensible link pivotally connected between an intermediate point on the base end of the mast. A modification of the structure includes positioning apparatus for alternate bidirectional tilting of one or more panels about axes along aligned opposite side edges thereof.
Claims 1. Positioning apparatus for a support surface mounted solar energy system including a lift structure attached to at least one pivotal axis mounted solar panel and comprising; an upstanding mast attached to said solar panel, said mast being spaced from the solar panel pivotal axis and extending away from the support surface, a base structure mounted on the support surface and extending transversely to the solar panel pivotal axis, at least one swing link connected at one end thereof to said mast and the opposite end mounted in pivotal relation to the base structure, and an extensible link pivotally connected between the mast and an intermediate point on the base structure between the mast and the solar panel pivotal axis. 2. Positioning apparatus for a support surface mounted solar energy system, comprising; a lift bar attached to one edge of at least one solar panel, said solar panel having an opposite edge pivoted to the support surface, an upstanding mast connected to the lift bar and extending away from the support surface, a base structure mounted on the support surface and extending transversely to said opposite edge of the solar panel, at least one swing link having one end connected to the mast and the opposite end pivotally connected to the base structure, said swing link and opposite edge of the solar panel being pivoted about a common pivotal axis, and an extensible link pivotally connected between the mast and an intermediate point on the base structure between the mast and the opposite edge of the solar panel for moving said at least one solar panel toward and away from the support surface about the pivotal axis thereof. 3. Positioning apparatus for a solar energy system mounted on a mobile support surface in generally parallel relation thereto, comprising; a lift bar attached to a first lateral edge of at least one generally planar solar panel, said at least one solar panel having a second opposite parallel lateral edge mounted on a first pivotal axis for orientation of said panel at an angle to the support surface, an upstanding mast connected to the lift bar and extending away from the support surface, a base structure mounted on the support surface adjacent said at least one solar panel, at least one swing link having a pivotal connection at one end to the base structure for movement about a second pivotal axis in alignment with said first pivotal axis, the opposite end thereof being pivotally connected to the mast, and an extensible link pivotally connected at one end to the mast and at the opposite end to the base structure at a point between said swing link pivotal connection and the mast, whereby, upon extension of the extensible link, the lift bar is moved away from the support surface and said at least one solar panel is moved about said first pivotal axis to a position at an angle to the support surface. 4. The apparatus of claim 3 including: pivot bracket means fixed to the support surface, the opposite lateral edge of said at least one solar panel being connected to said bracket means defining said first pivotal axis. 5. The apparatus of claim 4 wherein the base structure is fixed to the support surface and includes a terminal end portion with means comprising said second pivotal axis, the base structure extending along an edge of said at least one solar panel at right angles to said first and second lateral edges. 6. The apparatus of claim 5 including a plurality of said solar panels; said solar panels being spaced along the length of the lift bar, and said apparatus further including a plurality of said swing links with each swing link being connected to the mast and pivoted about an axis in alignment with said first and second axes. 7. The apparatus of claim 6 wherein the mast has a terminal end portion spaced from the lift bar, each said swing links being connected to the mast adjacent said terminal end, and said extensible link being pivotally connected to the mast at a point between the swing link connection point and the lift bar. 8. The apparatus of claim 6 wherein said mast has a terminal end portion spaced from said lift bar, said extensible link being pivotally connected to the mast adjacent said terminal end, and each said swing link being connected to the mast at a point between the extensible link connection and the lift bar. 9. The apparatus of claim 3 wherein the support surface comprises the roof section of a mobile vehicle; said extensible link comprising a motor powered unit, and remote control means for selectively actuating said motor powered unit to control the orientation of said at least one solar panel relative to the roof section. 10. The apparatus of claim 6 wherein the support surface comprises the roof section of a mobile vehicle, said extensible link comprising a motor powered unit, and remote control means for selectively actuating said motor powered unit to control the orientation of said solar panels relative to the roof section. 11. Solar panel positioning apparatus for controlling the tilt angle of a support surface mounted solar panel, said panel having opposed lateral side edges, comprising in combination; mounting means on said support surface for mounting said panel for selective alternate clockwise and counter clockwise rotation about pivotal axes parallel to said lateral edges respectively, first and second extensible lift assemblies connected between said support surface and the lateral edges of said panel respectively for rotating said panel alternately about said axes, and means for selectively alternately actuating said lift assemblies to control the tilt angle of said panel relative to said support surface. 12. The apparatus of claim 11 wherein said mounting means includes; at least one transverse support rail for supporting said panel, bracket means fixed to said support surface for pivotally connecting one end of said support rail thereto for rotation of the panel in one direction about one said pivotal axes associated with one lateral edge of said panel, the opposite end of said support rail being pivotally connected to the other lateral edge of the panel for rotation of the panel in the opposite direction about the other said pivotal axes. 13. The apparatus of claim 11 wherein said support surface comprises a transport vehicle having a generally horizontal roof section. 14. The apparatus of claim 13 wherein said vehicle comprises a motor home. 15. Solar panel positioning apparatus for controlling the tilt angle of a generally rectangular support surface mounted solar panel having opposed lateral side edges, comprising; mounting structure mounting said panel on said support surface for alternate pivotal movement clockwise and counter clockwise about first and second pivotal axes parallel and adjacent to said respective lateral side edges, first and second upstanding mast structures connected to the respective panel lateral side edges associated with said first and second pivotal axes respectively, said mast structure extending away from said support surface, first and second base structures fixed to said support surface adjacent said first and second mast structures respectively, said base structures extending transversely of said panel, and first and second extensible lift assemblies connected between said first and second base structures respectively and the first and second mast structures respectively, whereby actuation of said first lift assembly rotates said panel about said second pivotal axis in a first direction of rotation and alternate actuation of said second lift assembly rotates the panel about said first pivotal axis in a second direction of rotation. 16. The apparatus of claim 15 wherein said mounting structure comprises; at least one transverse support rail for supporting said panel bracket means fixed to said support surface for pivotally connecting one end of said support rail thereto for rotation of the panel in one direction about one said pivotal axes associated with one lateral edge of said panel, the opposite end of said support rail being pivotally connected to the other lateral edge of the panel for rotation of the panel in the opposite direction about the other said pivotal axes. 17. The apparatus of claim 15 including; swing link means extending between and pivotally connected to the base structure and mast structure associated with each said extensible lift assemblies, said lift assemblies being connected to the associated base structure at an intermediate point on the base structure between the associated mast and the associated swing link pivotal connection. 18. The apparatus of claim 17 wherein; said swing link means comprises a link member disposed on each side of the associated extensible link assembly, said link members being pivoted to the associated mast structure on a common axis with the associated extensible link assembly. 19. The apparatus of claim 17 wherein said lift assemblies are connected to the associated base structures by means of a pivot pin and slot connection permitting a predetermined displacement of the pivot pin during raising and lowering the panel. 20. The apparatus of claim 17 wherein each said mast structure comprises; a two part articulated hinged member having one part thereof fixed relative to one associated edge of said panel, the other part thereof being pivotally connected to the associated extensible lift assembly and swing link means, whereby articulation of said mast members accommodates alternate rotation of the panel about said pivotal axes in the clockwise and counter clockwise directions from a horizontal position to preselected tilt positions. 21. The apparatus of claim 18 including; a second spaced coplanar solar panel having opposed lateral edges, mounting structure for mounting said second solar panel on said support surface for alternate pivotal movement clockwise and counter clockwise about said first and second pivotal axes, lift bar means connecting the associated opposed lateral edge of said coplanar panels, said first and second mast structures being connected to the respective lift bar means, whereby said coplanar panels are tilted in unison by said lift assemblies. 