An apparatus for lighting a readable panel is disclosed in one embodiment in accordance with the invention as including a lighting system for generating light independent of the electrical system of a mobile platform. Such a lighting system may include a light source, an energy storage device to supply electrical energy to the light source, and a power generator to charge the energy storage device. A mounting system may be used to attach the lighting system to the panel, a frame of the panel, a mount for mounting the panel, an area proximate the panel, or the like.
Claims 1. An apparatus for lighting a panel on a mobile platform, the panel inaccessible by conventional wiring of the mobile platform and readable by an observer, the apparatus comprising: a lighting system for generating light independent of a mobile platform electrical system, the lighting system comprising: a light source; an energy storage device coupled to and adapted to supply electrical energy to the light source; and a power generator coupled to and adapted to charge the energy storage device; and a mounting system for attaching the lighting system to at least one of the panel, a frame of the panel, a mount for mounting the panel, and an area proximate the panel. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the energy storage device is selected from the group consisting of a battery, a capacitor, an inductor, a spring, and a flywheel. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein the storage device is repeatedly rechargeable. 4. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein the power generator converts at least one of solar energy, motion energy, and vibration energy to electrical energy. 5. The apparatus of claim 4, wherein the light source is selected from the group consisting of a light bulb and an LED. 6. The apparatus of claim 5, further comprising a light sensor to interrupt the supply of electrical power to the light source when light intensity rises above a specified level. 7. The apparatus of claim 6, further comprising a motion sensor to interrupt the supply of electrical power to the light source when the apparatus is stationary for a specified period. 8. The apparatus of claim 7, further comprising a housing substantially enclosing the lighting system. 9. The apparatus of claim 8, wherein the housing further comprises a surface for mounting the panel. 10. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein the readability of the panel is a statutory requirement. 11. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein the panel is selected from the group consisting of a HAZMAT warning, a license plate, a public service designation, a regulatory designation, and a vehicle fleet identifier. 12. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein the power generator converts at least one of solar energy, motion energy, and vibration energy to electrical energy. 13. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a light sensor to interrupt the supply of electrical power to the light source when light intensity rises above a specified level. 14. The apparatus of claim 1, further comprising a motion sensor to interrupt the supply of electrical power to the light source when the apparatus is stationary for a specified period. 15. A method for lighting a panel on a mobile platform, the panel inaccessible by conventional wiring of the mobile platform and readable by an observer, the method comprising: generating electrical energy independent from a mobile platform electrical system; storing the electrical energy; and supplying the electrical energy to a light source proximate the panel, the light source illuminating the panel. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein generating electrical energy comprises at least one of converting solar energy, motion energy, and vibration energy to electrical energy. 17. The method of claim 15, wherein storing the electrical energy comprises storing the electrical energy using at least one of a battery, a capacitor, an inductor, a spring, and a flywheel. 18. The method of claim 15, further comprising interrupting the supply of electrical energy to the light source when light intensity rises above a specified level. 19. The method of claim 15, further comprising interrupting the supply of electrical energy to the light source when the apparatus is stationary for a specified period 20. An apparatus for lighting a license plate, the apparatus comprising: a lighting system for generating light independent of a vehicle electrical system, the lighting system comprising: a light source; an energy storage device coupled to and adapted to supply electrical energy to the light source; a power generator coupled to and adapted to charge the energy storage device; and a light sensor to interrupt the supply of electrical power to the light source when light intensity rises above a specified level; and a mounting system for attaching the lighting system to at least one of a license plate, a license plate frame, a license plate mount, and an area proximate a license plate. 