An automated server based system for monitoring, reading, controlling as well as switching gases, liquids and electric power is provided for use in remote Automated Meter Reading (AMR) industry for water, gas and electric power utilities, Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition (SCADA); Security, Safety and Fire Alarm Systems (SSFA) and Home and Industrial Automation (HIA), in connection with appliances and equipment of all kinds.
Claims 1. A distributed automated system for monitoring, control, or both of a device, comprising: a centralized automated server (CAS); one or more local automated servers (LAS) in data communication with the CAS, each LAS including a microprocessor and memory configured to analyze data provided thereto; one or more intelligent nodes remote from each LAS; a module associated with each intelligent node, the module being in communication with said node, the module interfacing with the device and providing data from the device to the LAS via a respective node; and software executing on each of the CAS and the LAS, the software configured to store and process information from each node at one or more of the LAS and the CAS and to selectively execute a local control operation on the device via communication through the respective module and node. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the modules convert analog signals from the intelligent nodes into digital data and communicate the digital data to the LAS. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein at least one node includes memory and is configured to compress data for efficient storage of information in the memory. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein the LAS comprises a web server configured to communicate using TCP/IP. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the device comprises an appliance supplied by one of gas, liquid and electric power, wherein the software on the LAS is configured to prevent service disruption of the device by switching the supply to a compatible medium based upon pre-programmed instructions in the software. 6. The system of claim 5, wherein the pre-programmed instructions in the software are implemented free of influence of the CAS. 7. The system of claim 5, wherein the compatible medium is one of a solar photovoltaic system, a wind turbine generator system and a gas generator driven system. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein each module is configured to condition data from a respective device to thereby off-load that computational task from the LAS and the CAS so that the data provided to the LAS by the module is conditioned data. 