A portable inductive power source, power device, or unit, for use in powering or charging electrical, electronic, battery-operated, mobile, and other devices is disclosed herein. In accordance with an embodiment the system comprises a pad or similar base unit that contains a primary, which creates an alternating magnetic field by means of applying an alternating current to a winding, coil, or any type of current carrying wire. A receiver comprises a means for receiving the energy from the alternating magnetic field from the pad and transferring it to a mobile or other device. In some embodiments the receiver can also comprise electronic components or logic to set the voltage and current to the appropriate levels required by the mobile device, or to communicate information or data to and from the pad. Embodiments may also incorporate efficiency measures that improve the efficiency of power transfer between the charger and receiver.
Claims 1. A mobile device capable of inductive powering or charging comprising: a battery; and a receiver for one of inductively powering the device or charging the battery in the mobile device, and wherein the receiver is one of attached to or incorporated into the battery or the mobile device. 2. The mobile device of claim 1 further comprising a shell, wherein the receiver is attached to the shell. 3. A mobile device charger or power supply comprising: a plurality of coils or wires, wherein the coils or wires are placed in one or more layers and are used to inductively charge a mobile device in proximity to the mobile device charger. 4. The mobile device charger or power supply of claim 3, wherein the coils or wires are formed within a printed circuit board PCB layer of at least two different sizes or shapes. 5. The mobile device charger or power supply of claim 3, wherein two or more coils or wires are activated to charge or power a mobile device. 6. The mobile device charger or power supply of claim 3, wherein the charger or the power supply, and the mobile device, communicate with each other to transfer data. 7. The mobile device charger or power supply of claim 3, wherein the charger or power supply includes coils or wires for inductively charging or supplying power to the mobile device, and a separate antenna or wires for data transfer or verification. 8. The mobile device charger or power supply of claim 7, wherein the charger or power supply includes coils or wires for inductively charging or supplying power to the mobile device, and wherein the coils or wires also function as an antenna for data transfer. 9. The mobile device charger or power supply of claim 8, wherein the data transfer includes information about the presence of the mobile device adjacent to the charger or power supply. 10. The mobile device charger or power supply of claim 3, wherein the charger or power supply stores charging or power requirements for mobile devices which can be charged or powered by the charger or power supply. 11. A system for use with a mobile device for charging or powering the mobile device inductively, comprising: a base unit including one or more primary coils therein, the primary coil having a generally planar shape so that when a current is passed through the primary coil a magnetic field is generated in a direction substantially perpendicular to the plane of the primary coil; and wherein the perpendicular magnetic field inductively generates a current in a matching secondary coil or coils within a mobile device placed close to and aligned with the base unit, to charge or power the mobile device. 12. The system of claim 11 wherein one or more of the coils are manufactured on printed circuit boards and are manufactured to have a low resistance. 13. The system of claim 11 wherein the base unit includes a primary circuit having a switch means for switching the primary coil on and off whenever the mobile device is placed close to the primary coil of the base unit or the presence of the mobile device is to be detected. 14. The system of claim 11 wherein the base unit includes multiple primary coils that can be used to simultaneously charge multiple mobile devices. 15. The system of claim 14 wherein the alternating switching is periodically started and stopped to automatically detect a presence of a mobile device placed close to or aligned with the primary coil of the base unit. 16. The system of claim 15 wherein the presence of the mobile device placed close to or aligned with the primary coil of the base unit is detected by monitoring the current passing through the primary coil or the switching means. 17. The system of claim 11 wherein the base unit is in the shape generally of a pad and wherein the multiple primary coils are distributed within layers of the pad. 18. The system of claim 17 wherein the multiple primary coils can move within their plane to more closely align with the secondary coil of a mobile device. 19. The system of claim 11 wherein a magnet is placed at the center of each primary, wherein the magnet at the center of each primary has a magnetic axis that is perpendicular to the plane of the coil, and wherein one or more of the devices to be charged include a magnet at the center of their receiver coil, so that the magnets in the devices and the magnets in the base are oriented to attract each other when a coil in a device is placed directly on top of a coil in the base. 20. The system of claim 11 further comprising a battery coupled to and powering the base unit, and wherein the battery can be occasionally charged by an external power supply to maintain a charge sufficient to power the inductive device for a period of time. 21. The system of claim 20 further comprising a solar cell coupled to the battery for charging the battery in the base unit. 22. The system of claim 11, further comprising a data storage component for storage of data, for subsequent transmission of data to or from the mobile device. 23. The system of claim 11 wherein the cover surface of the base unit or pad includes a decorative or non-slip surface. 24. The system of claim 11 wherein the base unit can be integrated into any of briefcases, bags, or clothing. 25. The system of claim 11 wherein the base unit is integrated into a charging kiosk for occasional charging of mobile devices. 26. The system of claim 11 wherein one or more of the primary coils are stacked to improve transfer efficiency. 27. The system of claim 11, further comprising a plurality of coils or wires, wherein the charger or power supply senses the location of the mobile device and activates a coil or wire near the mobile device to charge or provide power the mobile device. 28. The system of claim 27, wherein the charger or power supply senses the location of the mobile device by sensing a change in a resonant circuit in the charger or power supply when the mobile device is nearby. 29. The system of claim 11, wherein the mobile device includes an inductively charged battery where a receiver for the inductive power is made of flexible PCB material and can be shaped into a curve to fit the battery, an application or a device. 30. The system of claim 11, wherein the charger or power supply is made in the shape of a cup, bowl, or other container and mobile devices placed inside would be charged or powered inductively. 31. The system of claim 11, wherein a plurality of modular chargers or power supplies can be interconnected to form a single unit. 32. The system of claim 11, wherein the mobile device is one of a kitchen appliance or dish, or a toy that can receive power inductively from the charger or power supply. 33. The system of claim 11, wherein the mobile device is a charger for inductively charging active RFID batteries, including an active RFID tag which includes a battery such that the battery can be charged inductively with the system. 34. The system of claim 11, wherein the mobile device to be charged or powered includes a charging circuit having a Zener diode, wherein the Zener diode clamps the voltage to the mobile device to a predetermined maximum voltage. 35. The system of claim 13, wherein the switch means is a MOSFET and the circuit includes a capacitor connected in parallel to the source to drain terminals of the MOSFET, and wherein the alternating switching in the primary coil is automatically started by the MOSFET when the base unit detects a mobile device placed close to or aligned with the primary coil. 36. The system of claim 11, wherein, the mobile device includes an after-market or field-replaceable battery pack compatible with an original battery pack for the device, and wherein the matching secondary coil or coils within the mobile device are incorporated into the after-market or field-replaceable battery pack. 