A space based manufacturing system including a control module and a manufacturing module. The manufacturing module contains the tools required for automated processing of materials into finalized components. The control module allows command and control of the manufacturing module as well as communication with earth based systems. For component manufacture, the component requiring manufacture is identified in space, designed and engineered on earth, and manufactured in space using computer integrated manufacturing to tie these processes together. The astronaut in the control module monitors the safety of the manufacturing operation and may control manufacturing in real time.
Claims 1. A system for manufacturing in space comprising: a first spaced based module allowing human habitation; a control system in said first space based module; a second spaced based module joined to said first spaced based module; a robotic device in said second space based module controlled at least in part by said control system; at least one manufacturing tool in said second spaced based module controlled at least in part by said control system; a communication network connecting said first spaced based module to an earth based communication center; an earth based means for designing and engineering a structure to be manufactured, generated design and engineering data communicated to said control system; and a spaced based means to perform safety checks prior to initiation of manufacturing operations. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein said second space based module includes a floor slideable into said second module. 3. The system of claim 2, wherein a floor of said second space based module includes floor rollers. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein said first space based module has a means for visually monitoring an interior of said second space based module. 5. The system of claim 4, wherein said means for visually monotiring includes video cameras. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein said first module and said second module are joined end to end, wherein an observation window is disposed at the joined ends allowing visual inspection of said second module. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein walls of each module are manufactured to withstand solar radiation. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein walls of each module are made from materials selected from the group consisting of titanium fiber composite and carbon-fiber. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein said second module includes a track driven robot. 10. The system of claim 1, further including a plurality of additional manufacturing modules joined together to form a manufacturing factory. 11. A method for space based manufacturing comprising: identifying in space a component in need of fabrication; sending component information from space to an Earth based network; designing and engineering said component on Earth using Computer Aided Design, and Computer Aided Engineering; transmitting component engineering data to space; reviewing in space said component engineering data; performing a safety review in space to ensure said component may be manufactured safely; transmitting in space component engineering data from a control unit to a manufacturing unit; and manufacturing said component in said manufacturing unit. 12. The process of claim 11, further comprising removing said component from said manufacturing unit. 13. The process of claim 11, wherein said step of manufacturing said component includes removing raw materials from a storage area in the manufacturing unit by a robot, positioning the raw materials using said robot, and shaping the raw materials into a completed component. 14. The process of claim 13, wherein said shaping is effected by a tool selected from a group consisting of a laser and a tapping/dye cutting tool. 15. The process of claim 11, wherein said manufacturing step is monitored by at least one camera. 16. The process of claim 15, wherein said manufacturing step is monitored by an infrared camera. 17. The process of claim 11, wherein said manufacturing step is monitored by vibration sensors. 