A wall cladding panel for the outside wall of a building having a solar generator and a frame which surrounds the panel. To produce a wall cladding panel which can be easily produced and installed, it is provided that the frame is made as an injected or foamed plastic frame (12, 17) into which elements (11A, 15A) for attachment of the wall cladding panel (7, 8) are integrated.
Claims 1. Wall cladding panel for an outside wall of a building, comprising: a solar generator, a frame which surrounds the solar generator, wherein the frame is an injected or foamed plastic frame into which means for attachment of the wall cladding panel are integrated. 2. Wall cladding panel as claimed in claim 1, wherein a glass pane lies on an outer side of the panel and is flushly surrounded by the plastic frame. 3. Wall cladding panel as claimed in claim 2, wherein stiffening profiles are integrated into the plastic frames. 4. Wall cladding panel as claimed in claim 3, wherein the attachment means are provided on the stiffening profiles. 5. Wall cladding panel as claimed in claim 1, wherein the attachment means are support angles for engagement on a fixing profile which, in an installed state of the panel, is connected to the outside wall of the building. 6. Wall cladding panel as claimed in one of claims 1, wherein the attachment means are made as holes which are used for passage of fastening screws. 7. Wall cladding panel as claimed in claim 1, wherein the solar generator comprises crystalline solar cells for mounting, in an installed state, on a closed area of the outside wall of the building. 8. Wall cladding panel as claimed in claim 1, wherein the solar generator comprises transparent solar cells for mounting, in an installed state, on a windowed area of the outside wall of the building. 9. Wall cladding panel as claimed in claim 1, wherein means for making electrical contact between the solar generator and a socket of an electrical conductor which is located on the outside wall of the building are integrated into the plastic frame. 10. Wall cladding panel as claimed in claim 9, wherein means for making electrical contact between solar cells of the solar generator are integrated into the plastic frame. 11. Wall cladding panel as claimed in claim 1, wherein means for making electrical contact between solar cells of the solar generator are integrated into the plastic frame. 12. Wall cladding panel as claim 1, wherein the plastic frame, in an edge area, on opposing sides has elements which are complementary to one another for interlocking or overlapping engagement of adjacent wall cladding panels. 13. Wall cladding panel as claimed in claim 10, wherein the panel has a smooth outer surface. 14. Wall cladding panel as claimed in claim 8, wherein a glass pane overlies the solar cells at an outer side thereof, and wherein the glass pane surrounded by the plastic frame. 15. Wall cladding panel assembly formed of a plurality of wall cladding panels, each wall cladding panel comprising: a solar generator, a frame which surrounds the solar generator, wherein the frame is an injected or foamed plastic frame into which means for attachment of the wall cladding panel are integrated. 16. Wall cladding panel assembly as claimed in claim 13, wherein the plastic frame, in an edge area, on opposing sides has elements which are complementary to one another for interlocking or overlapping engagement of adjacent wall cladding panels. 17. Wall cladding panel as claimed in claim 14, wherein the solar generator comprises crystalline solar cells for mounting, in an installed state, on a closed area of the outside wall of the building. 18. Wall cladding panel as claimed in claim 14, wherein the solar generator comprises transparent solar cells for mounting, in an installed state, on a windowed area of the outside wall of the building. 