Pallet version of the portable refrigeration container including a palletised thermally insulated base (20) including seal mechanism, forklift fork receiving cavities (21) allowing ready transportability. A dismantlable wail assembly (35) comprising hinged vacuum insulated panels (35) are able to be mounted on the palletised thermally insulated base (20) and engaging with the perimeter channel (23) forming the base sealing mechanism. The thermally insulated hinge type collapsible concertina configuration of side panels (35) have latch mechanism for holding panels in rectangular configuration defining a container volume therein. A thermally insulated lid (40) covers the top of the container volume and includes a seal mechanism for engaging with the wall assembly. The portable refrigeration container includes an integral cooling system, for cooling the container volume, incorporated in one or more of the base, sides or lid.
Claims 1. (canceled) 2. (canceled) 3. (canceled) 4. A portable refrigeration container including a shaped base forming a palletised thermally insulated base including a base seal mechanism and forklift fork receiving cavities allowing ready transportability; a dismantlable wall assembly able to be mounted on the base to form a container volume, and engaging with the base sealing mechanism and including a thermally insulated hinge type collapsible concertina configuration of side panels with latch mechanism for defining a container volume therein; a lid assembly able to cover the top of the container volume to provide an enclosed volume and including a seal mechanism for engaging with the wall assembly, the portable refrigeration container further including a cooling system, incorporated in one or more of the base, sides or lid enabling maintaining of the enclosed container volume in a cooled state. 5. (canceled) 6. A portable refrigeration container according to claim 4 wherein the cooling system includes a eutectic cooling system having a eutectic plate able to be initially charged and used in location and capable of maintaining a refrigerated space temperature for an extended time without the need for any external power source. 7. (canceled) 8. A portable refrigeration container according to claim 6 wherein the eutectic refrigeration system includes a eutectic material which can be transported in flat light weight form and activated by immersion at remote site in activation liquid and charged by refrigeration means and used in location for extended time without the need for any external power source. 9. (canceled) 10. A portable refrigeration container according to claim 4 wherein the cooling system includes a powered thermodynamic refrigeration system wherein a cooling side of the system is mountable in communication with the inside of the container volume and the heat dissipation side of the system is mountable in communication with the outside of the container volume. 11. A portable refrigeration container according to claim 10 wherein the palletised thermally insulated base includes an integral battery compartment integrated within raised feet which allow forklift access for holding a battery and the integral cooling system, for cooling the container volume, and is powered at least partially by the battery allowing refrigeration for several days. 12. (canceled) 13. A portable refrigeration container according to claim 11 wherein the lid includes a solar panel for powering the cooling system or battery. 14. (canceled) 15. (canceled) 16. A portable refrigeration container according to claim 10 including the wall assembly having hinged thermally insulated side panels with mitered(45) corners including seal mechanism in a concertina configuration which are designed to collapse flat and open to form a rectangular shaped container volume, and the lid is a thermally insulated housing with integral channel seal mechanism located around the lower face perimeter. 17. (canceled) 18. A portable refrigeration container according to claim 10 having an integrated refrigeration housing located (moulded) as part of the external surface and contains the heat rejection side of the refrigeration module. 19. A portable refrigeration container according to claim 18 having a cold storage refrigeration coil mounted to the lid and having connectors for enabling the refrigeration cycle components to be in fluid communication with each other. 20. (canceled) 21. (canceled) 22. A portable refrigeration container according to claim 10 having super thermal insulation wall assembly construction such as vacuum insulation panels. 23. A collapsible refrigerated display case assembly including a base, a plurality of dismantlable walled assemblies able to be mounted on the base to form a refrigerated container volume wherein the base is a universal base refrigeration module which can be easily assembled or disassembled with one of the plurality of walled assemblies to form different configurations. 24. (canceled) 25. A collapsible refrigerated display case assembly according to claim 23 having the plurality of walled assemblies forming a top load display with the universal base refrigeration module, a rectangular collapsible side panel wall assembly, a perforated panel duct for mounting on the universal base refrigeration module to form the base of the refrigerated container volume and on which the wall assembly is mounted, and a lid assembly for closing the top of the refrigerated container volume. 26. A collapsible refrigerated display case assembly according to claim 23 having the plurality of walled assemblies forming a front load display comprising a universal base refrigeration module, a U shaped collapsible side panel wall assembly, perforated panel duct for mounting on the universal base refrigeration module to form the base of the refrigerated container volume and on which the wall assembly is mounted, shelving for fitting into the U shape wall assembly, and a door assembly and a lid assembly for closing the front and top of the refrigerated container volume and the front load door assembly frame comprises two vertical side members with `U`channels which interface (slide into) with the side panel vertical square edged rails and top and bottom cross members (rectangular) interface with the base and lid mating surfaces (channels) and a removable hinged sealed door with insulated transparent window (single/multiple air cavity) is attached to the frame to allow for product view and access and the lid is a thermally insulated housing with integral seal mechanism located around the lower face perimeter (channel). 27. A collapsible refrigerated display case assembly according to claim 26 wherein in the front load display case configuration the universal base refrigeration module is partitioned into two thermally insulated zones-high temperature for heat dissipation and low temperature for cooling effect-with airflow and ventilation paths and the base assembly open face is sealed by a lid having an integral seal mechanism located around the upper face perimeter and including integrated ducts/vents for return and supply of air to the universal base refrigeration module. 28. A collapsible refrigerated display case assembly according to claim 23 having the base housing a vapour compression refrigeration system comprising the following components, in a high temperature zone: a compressor, a condensate drain tray with coil (to contain/evaporate water condensate and desuperheat compressor discharge vapour), a heat rejection assembly (condenser coil with fan), a filter drier, and a refrigerant control mechanism; and comprising in a low temperature zone: a heat sink assembly (evaporator coil with fan), accumulator and temperature control and wherein in assembled form all refrigeration cycle components are in fluid communication with each other via plumbing. 29. A collapsible refrigerated display case assembly according to claim 23 wherein the wall assembly includes hinged thermally insulated side panels (i.e. fabricated/moulded) with mitered (i.e. 45) corners including seal mechanism in a concertina configuration are designed to collapse and open to form a 90 angular (`U`) shape, and the hinged thermally insulated side panels (i.e. fabricated/moulded) have mitered (i.e. 45) corners including seal mechanism in a concertina configuration are designed to collapse and open to form a rectangular shape and the horizontal top and bottom end surfaces interface and seal against the refrigeration base and lid mating surfaces (channels). 30. A collapsible refrigerated display case assembly according to claim to 23 having the horizontal top and bottom end surfaces interface and seal against the refrigeration base and lid mating surfaces (channels) and the inner side walls have several parallel rails designed to support removable product display shelving and the open face inner side wall edges each have vertical square edged rails designed to interface with the door assembly side channels and having a perforated panel duct is located around the discharge air vent and rear panel inner face which panel is designed to uniformly distribute refrigerated air. 31. (canceled) 32. (canceled) 33. (canceled) 34. A collapsible refrigerated display case assembly according to claim 25 wherein in the top load display case configuration the universal base refrigeration module (i.e. fabricated/moulded) is partitioned into two zones (high temperature and low temperature) with airflow and ventilation paths and thermally insulated between the two and the base assembly open face is sealed by a lid (i.e. fabricated/moulded) comprising an integral seal mechanism located around the upper face perimeter (channel) including integrated ducts/vents (return and supply air) and the base assembly houses a vapour compression refrigeration system comprising the following components, in the high temperature zone: a compressor, a condensate drain tray with coil (to contain/evaporate water condensate and de-superheat compressor discharge vapour), a heat rejection assembly (condenser coil with fan), a filter drier, a refrigerant control mechanism and in the low temperature zone: a heat sink assembly (evaporator coil with fan), accumulator and temperature control and the refrigeration cycle components are in fluid communication with each other (via plumbing). 35. (canceled) 36. (canceled) 37. A collapsible refrigerated display case assembly according to claim 34 wherein a perforated panel duct (i.e. fabricated/moulded) located around the discharge air vent and rear panel inner face is designed to uniformly distribute refrigerated air 38. A collapsible refrigerated display case assembly according to claim 37 wherein the top load lid housing (i.e. fabricated/moulded) with integral seal mechanism located around the lower face perimeter (channel) interface with the insulated side panels and a removable hinged sealed lid (i.e. fabricated/moulded) with insulated transparent window (single/multiple air cavity) is attached to the housing to allow for product view and access. 39. (canceled) 40. (canceled) 