Methods and devices are provided for improved environmental protection for photovoltaic devices and assemblies. In one embodiment, the device comprises of an individually encapsulated solar cell, wherein the encapsulated solar cell includes at least one protective layer coupled to at least one surface of the solar cell and the protective layer may be formed from a substantially inorganic material. The protective layer has a chemical composition that prevents moisture from entering the solar cell and wherein light passes through the protective layer to reach an absorber layer in the solar cell.
Claims 1. A device comprising: an individually encapsulated solar cell; wherein the encapsulated solar cell includes at least one protective layer coupled to at least one surface of the solar cell, the protective layer having a chemical composition that substantially prevents moisture from entering the solar cell; wherein light passes through the protective layer to reach an absorber layer in the solar cell; wherein the protective layer comprises of a substantially inorganic material. 2. The device of claim 1 wherein the protective layer comprises of at least one material selected from the group consisting of: silica, alumina, aluminosilicates, diamond-like films, borosilicates, silicon nitride, aluminophosphosilicates, aluminophosphates, Niobium oxide (Nb2O5), Niobium nitride (NbN), Zirconium Oxide (ZrO2), Zirconium Nitride (ZrN), Hafnium Oxide (HfO2), Hafnium nitride (HfN), Zinc oxide (ZnO), Yttrium oxide (Y2O3), Cerium Oxide (CeO2), Scandium Oxide (Sc2O3), Erbium oxide (Er2O3), Tantalum oxide (Ta2O5), Tantalum nitride (TaNx), Vanadium oxide (V2O5), Indium Oxide (In2O3), Aluminum nitride (AlN), Titanium Nitride (TiN), Molybdenum nitride (MoN), Gallium nitride (GaN), Lanthanum oxide (La2O3), Zinc Sulfide (ZnS), Tin oxide (SnO2), strontium sulfide (SrS), calcium sulfide (CaS), lead sulfide (PbS), indium tin oxide (ITO), tungsten oxide, calcium/titanium oxide, and/or combinations thereof. 3. The device of claim 1 wherein the protective layer comprises of a nanolaminate comprised of at least one material combination selected from the group consisting of: hafnium oxide/tantalum oxide, titanium oxide/tantalum oxide, titania/alumina, zinc sulfide/alumina, ATO, AlTiO, and/or combinations thereof. 4. The device of claim 1 wherein the protective layer comprises of a first layer of a first inorganic material and a second layer of a second inorganic material. 5. The device of claim 1 wherein the protective layer comprises of a layer of silica layer and a layer of alumina. 6. The device of claim 1 wherein the protective layer comprises a plurality of fused inorganic particles. 7. The device of claim 1 wherein the protective layer comprises a plurality of fused silica particles. 8. The device of claim 1 wherein the protective layer is a layer deposited by atomic layer deposition. 9. The device of claim 1 wherein the protective layer comprises of a plurality of layers deposited by atomic layer deposition. 10. The device of claim 1 wherein the protective layer comprises of a silico-acrylic composition. 11. The device of claim 1 wherein the protective layer has a thickness in the range of about 0.3 to about 300 nm. 12. The device of claim 1 wherein the protective layer has a thickness in the range of about 10 to about 500 angstroms. 13. The device of claim 1 wherein the protective layer has a thickness in the range of about 100 to about 300 angstroms. 14. The device of claim 1 wherein the solar cell is a non-silicon based solar cell. 15. The device of claim 1 wherein the solar cell is an amorphous solar cell. 16. The device of claim 1 wherein the solar cell includes a copper-indium-selenide based alloy. 17. The device of claim 1 wherein the solar cell includes an absorber layer having one or more inorganic materials from the group consisting of: titania (TiO2), nanocrystalline TiO2, zinc oxide (ZnO), copper oxide (CuO or Cu2O or CuxOy), zirconium oxide, lanthanum oxide, niobium oxide, tin oxide, indium oxide, indium tin oxide (ITO), vanadium oxide, molybdenum oxide, tungsten oxide, strontium oxide, calcium/titanium oxide and other oxides, sodium titanate, potassium niobate, cadmium selenide (CdSe), cadmium suflide (CdS), copper sulfide (Cu2S), cadmium telluride (CdTe), cadmium-tellurium selenide (CdTeSe), copper-indium selenide (CuInSe2), cadmium oxide (CdOx), CuI, CuSCN, a semiconductive material, or combinations of the above. 18. The device of claim 1 wherein the solar cell includes an absorber layer having one or more organic materials from the group consisting of: a conjugated polymer, poly(phenylene) and derivatives thereof, poly(phenylene vinylene) and derivatives thereof (e.g., poly(2-methoxy-5-(2-ethyl-hexyloxy)-1,4-phenylene vinylene (MEH-PPV), poly(para-phenylene vinylene), (PPV)), PPV copolymers, poly(thiophene) and derivatives thereof (e.g., poly(3-octylthiophene-2,5,-diyl), regioregular, poly(3-octylthiophene-2,5,-diyl), regiorandom, Poly(3-hexylthiophene-2,5-diyl), regioregular, poly(3-hexylthiophene-2,5-diyl), regiorandom), poly(thienylenevinylene) and derivatives thereof, and poly(isothianaphthene) and derivatives thereof, 2,2'7,7'tetrakis(N,N-di-p-methoxyphenyl-amine)-9,9'-spirobifluor- ene(spiro-Me OTAD), organometallic polymers, polymers containing perylene units, poly(squaraines) and their derivatives, and discotic liquid crystals, organic pigments or dyes, a Ruthenium-based dye, a liquid iodide/triiodide electrolyte, azo-dyes having azo chromofores (--N.dbd.N--) linking aromatic groups, phthalocyanines including metal-free phthalocyanine; (HPc), perylenes, perylene derivatives, Copper pthalocyanines (CuPc), Zinc Pthalocyanines (ZnPc), naphthalocyanines, squaraines, merocyanines and their respective derivatives, poly(silanes), poly(germinates), 2,9-Di(pent-3-yl)-anthra[2,1,9-def:6,5,10-d'e'f]diisoquinoline-1,3,8,10-t- etrone, and 2,9-Bis-(1-hexyl-hept-1-yl)-anthra[2,1,9-def:6,5,10-d'e'f]diisoquinoline-- 1,3,8,10-tetrone and pentacene, pentacene derivatives and/or pentacene precursors, an N-type ladder polymer, poly(benzimidazobenzophenanthroline ladder) (BBL), or combinations of the above. 19. The device of claim 1 wherein the solar cell includes an absorber layer having one or more materials from the group consisting of: an oligimeric material, micro-crystalline silicon, inorganic nanorods dispersed in an organic matrix, inorganic tetrapods dispersed in an organic matrix, quantum dot materials, ionic conducting polymer gels, sol-gel nanocomposites containing an ionic liquid, ionic conductors, low molecular weight organic hole conductors, C60 and/or other small molecules, or combinations of the above. 20. The device of claim 1 wherein the solar cell includes an absorber layer having one or more materials from the group consisting of: a nanostructured layer having an inorganic porous template with pores filled by an organic material (doped or undoped), a polymer/blend cell architecture, a micro-crystalline silicon cell architecture, or combinations of the above. 21. The device of claim 1 wherein solar cell is a rigid solar cell. 22. The device of claim 1 wherein solar cell is a flexible solar cell. 23. The device of claim 1 wherein the protective layer fully encapsulates the solar cell. 24. The device of claim 1 wherein the protective layer covers a top surface and all side surfaces of the solar cell. 25. The device of claim 1 wherein the protective layer covers a top surface, a bottom surface, and all side surfaces of the solar cell. 26. The device of claim 1 wherein the protective layer is a transparent colorless layer. 27. The device of claim 1 wherein the protective layer is a solution deposited protective layer. 28. The device of claim 1 wherein the protective layer is an ALD deposited protective layer. 29. The device of claim 1 wherein the protective layer is applied to each solar cell prior to mounting the solar cell in a photovoltaic device module. 30. The device of claim 1 wherein the unprotected solar cell has a lower conversion efficiency than the solar cell with the protective layer. 31. A solar roofing material having a plurality of devices as set forth in claim 1. 32. A flexible solar roofing membrane having a plurality of devices as set forth in claim 1. 33-49. (canceled) 