A mounting stand for supporting a solar panel or other solar energy collection device on a mounting surface, includes a body including a stand-off element for supporting the body clear of the surface, and a tension device, adapted to be connected between the body and the mounting surface, so as to hold the stand-off element securely in contact with the surface. The body preferably includes a triangular space-frame made up of three parallel members one of which has legs forming a stand-off elements while the other two form a mounting for the solar energy collection device.
Claims 1. A method of mounting a solar energy collection system onto a surface, comprising a) placing a support comprising a body including stand-off means for supporting it clear of the surface in a desired position; and b) connecting a tension member between the body, and a point on the surface so that the stand-off means is held securely in contact with the surface. 2. A mounting stand for supporting a solar panel or other solar energy collection device on a mounting surface, comprising a body including stand-off means for supporting the body clear of the surface, and a tension device, adapted to be connected between the body and the mounting surface, so as to hold the stand-off means securely in contact with the surface. 3. A mounting stand according to claim 2 in which the tension member comprises a resilient rod or cable. 4. A mounting stand according to claim 3 the lower end of the rod or cable is connected to an anchorage point which is adapted to be fixed to an underlying structure beneath the surface of a roof. 5. A mounting stand according to claim 4 in which the anchorage comprises an upstanding portion which is adapted to extend through the roof surface, having a fixing flange at its lower end. 6. A mounting stand according to claim 4 in which the upper end of the anchorage comprises a mounting plate including a weatherproofing flange of material adapted to be sealed to the roof surface. 7. A mounting stand according to claim 2 in which the stand-off means includes at least one leg having a foot member or members extending away from the base of the leg or legs in different directions across the surface. 8. A mounting stand according to claim 7 including a plurality of plate-like or skid-shaped foot members. 9. A mounting stand according to claim 7 including a foot which comprises a single ring-shaped member, whereby the anchorage point can be arranged inside the ring. 10. A mounting stand according to claim 2 in which the body comprises a triangular section space-frame forming a beam. 11. A mounting stand according to claim 10 in which the space-frame comprises a primary elongate box-section or tube member and two secondary elongate members which are arranged facing one another and parallel to the primary member so as to form a triangular-section beam, whereby a solar energy collection device can be mounted between the secondary members, and the primary member can then be mounted on a support surface. 12. A mounting stand according to claim 10 in which the beam is provided with at least two pairs of legs spaced apart along its length. 13. A mounting stand according to claim 12 further comprising a tensioning member at or near each end. 14. A solar panel array mounted on a stand according to claim 2. 15. A solar panel array according to claim 14 further comprising an inverter mounted on the stand and including power output rails which are adapted to be connected in parallel with one or more similar arrays. 16. A space-frame mounting for solar energy collection systems comprising a primary elongate structural member and two secondary elongate members which are all arranged parallel to one another and connected together by arrangements of struts at suitable intervals, so as to form a triangular-section beam, whereby a solar energy collection device can be mounted on the secondary members and the primary structural member can then be mounted on a support surface. 17. A space-frame according to claim 16 in which the primary member comprises a tube whereby the frame can be rotatably mounted on a support. 18. A space-frame according to claim 16 in which the secondary members are L-section or channel-section members. 19. A solar energy collection system mounted on a space-frame according to claim 16. 20. A solar panel array mounted on a space-frame according to claim 16 and further comprising an inverter having power output rails which are adapted to be connected in parallel with one or more similar arrays. 