A method for controlling variability in power output of a wind farm supplying power to a grid includes monitoring a power output level of the wind farm. The monitored power output level is compared to a target power output level. A command is issued to increase or decrease electrical power consumption by an electrolyzer system electrically coupled to the wind farm to maintain a net power output level by the wind farm based upon the comparison.
Claims 1. A method for controlling variability in power output of a wind farm supplying power to a grid, comprising: monitoring a power output level of the wind farm; comparing the monitored power output level of the wind farm to a target power output level; commanding an increase or decrease of electrical power consumption by an electrolyzer system electrically coupled to the wind farm to maintain a net power output level by the wind farm based upon the comparison; and monitoring a rate of change of power output by the wind farm and comparing the rate of change to a target rate of change of power output supplied to the grid. 2. The method of claim 1, comprising increasing electrical power consumption by the electrolyzer system in response to an increase in the power output level of the wind farm and decreasing electrical power consumption by the electrolyzer system in response to a decrease in the power output level of the wind farm to maintain the net power output level by the wind farm to the grid relatively constant. 3. (canceled) 4. The method of claim 1, wherein the target rate of change of power output supplied to the grid is based on allowable power ramp rates of one or more auxiliary power sources supplying power to the grid. 5. (canceled) 6. The method of claim 1, wherein the electrolyzer system power consumption is commanded based upon the difference between total power output of the wind farm and a target power output supplied to the grid. 7. (canceled) 8. The method of claim 1, further comprising storing hydrogen produced by the electrolyzer system in response to a command to increase power consumption by the electrolyzer system. 9. The method of claim 8, further comprising recycling the stored hydrogen to generate electrical power to augment electrical power produced by the wind farm. 10. A method for controlling a rate of change of net power output of a wind farm, comprising: monitoring a rate of change of power output of the wind farm; comparing the monitored rate of change of power output of the wind farm to a target rate of change of power output; and commanding an increase or decrease of electrical power consumption by a electrolyzer system electrically coupled to the wind farm, wherein the electrolyzer system power consumption is commanded based upon the difference between the rate of change of total power output of the wind farm and the target rate of change of power output being supplied to a grid. 11. The method of claim 10, wherein the target power ramp rate is based on allowable ramp up and ramp-down rates of auxiliary power sources supplying power to the grid. 12. A method for controlling a ramp-down rate of net power output of a wind farm, comprising: forecasting a reduction in power output of the wind farm due to reduced wind speeds based on a rate of change of power output of the wind farm; ramping up electrical power consumption of an electrolyzer system electrically coupled to the wind farm in response to the forecast until an actual reduction in power output of the wind farm occurs; and ramping down electrical power consumption of the electrolyzer system in response to the actual reduction of power output of the wind farm to maintain the ramp-down rate of net power output of the wind farm within a target ramp-down rate. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein forecasting the reduction in power output of the wind farm comprises: sensing and trending wind speeds at individual wind turbine generators. 14. A wind power generation system, comprising: a wind farm comprising a plurality of wind turbine generators operable to collectively supply electrical power to a grid; an electrolyzer system electrically coupled to the wind farm and operable to consume variable quantities of power output by the wind farm; and a wind farm management system operable to monitor a power output level of the wind farm, compare the monitored power output level of the wind farm to a target power output level, command an increase or decrease in electrical power consumption by the electrolyzer system to maintain a net power output level by the wind farm based upon the comparison, and monitor a rate of change of power output by the wind farm and compare the rate of chance to a target rate of change of power output supplied to the grid. 15. The wind power generation system of claim 14, wherein the wind farm management system further comprises: power monitoring circuitry configured to determine temporally averaged power output and ramp rates of the wind farm; a comparison module configured to compare the temporally averaged power output and ramp rates with a target power output and ramp rate; and a load command module configured to generate an electrolyzer load command based on the comparison. 16. The wind power generation system of claim 14, wherein the wind farm management system is operable to communicate with the electrolyzer system via a hard wired cable, or Internet, or a private network, or combinations thereof. 17. A method for controlling variability in power output of a renewable energy source supplying power to a grid, comprising: monitoring a power output level of the renewable energy source and monitoring a rate of change of power output of the renewable energy source; comparing the monitored power output level of the renewable energy source to a target power output level; and commanding an increase or decrease of electrical power consumption by an electrolyzer system electrically coupled to the renewable energy source to maintain a net power output level by the renewable energy source based upon the comparison. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein the renewable energy source comprises a wind turbine. 19. The method of claim 17, wherein the renewable energy source comprises a photovoltaic cell. 20. The method of claim 17, further comprising storing hydrogen produced by the electrolyzer system in response to a command to increase power consumption by the electrolyzer system. 21. The method of claim 20, further comprising recycling the stored hydrogen to generate electrical power to augment electrical power produced by the renewable energy source. 22. A method for controlling variability in power output of a wind farm supplying power to a grid, comprising: monitoring a power output level of the wind farm; comparing the monitored power output level of the wind farm to a target power output level; commanding an increase or decrease of electrical power consumption by an electrolyzer system electrically coupled to the wind farm to maintain a net power output level by the wind farm based upon the comparison; and monitoring a rate of change of power output by the wind farm and comparing the rate of change to a target rate of change of power output supplied to the grid, wherein the target rate of change of power output supplied to the grid is based on allowable power ramp rates of one or more auxiliary power sources supplying power to the grid. 23. A method for controlling variability in power output of a wind farm supplying power to a grid, comprising: monitoring a power output level of the wind farm; comparing the monitored power output level of the wind farm to a target power output level; commanding an increase or decrease of electrical power consumption by an electrolyzer system electrically coupled to the wind farm to maintain a net power output level by the wind farm based upon the comparison; and monitoring a rate of change of power output by the wind farm and comparing the rate of change to a target rate of change of power output supplied to the grid, wherein the electrolyzer system power consumption is commanded based upon the difference between a rate of change of total power output of the wind farm and the target rate of change of power output supplied to the grid. 24. A method for controlling variability in power output of a wind farm supplying power to a grid, comprising: monitoring a power output level of the wind farm; comparing the monitored power output level of the wind farm to a target power output level; commanding an increase or decrease of electrical power consumption by an electrolyzer system electrically coupled to the wind farm to maintain a net power output level by the wind farm based upon the comparison; and monitoring a rate of change of power output by the wind farm and comparing the rate of change to a target rate of change of power output supplied to the grid, wherein monitoring the power output level of the wind farm further comprises: sensing the power output level of the wind farm at successive points in time; and determining a temporal average of sensed power output levels of the wind farm for a selected time window. 