The invention relates to methods of moving the rotating means of a wind turbine during transportation or stand still. The methods may comprise the steps of: securing at least one auxiliary device to a position and connecting said device to one or more shafts of the rotating means at the transportation or stand still. The auxiliary device being able to store, generate and/or convert energy during transportation, transferring energy continuously from said at least one auxiliary device to said one or more shafts of the rotating means during transportation or stand still, and moving said one or more shafts of the rotating means continuously or discontinuously from a position to another. The invention also relates to a nacelle for a wind turbine, an auxiliary device, a control system for controlling the moving of the rotating means of a wind turbine nacelle during transportation of the nacelle and use hereof.
Claims 1-53. (canceled) 54. Method of moving the rotating means of a wind turbine during transportation, said method comprising the steps of: securing at least one auxiliary device to a fixed position in relation to said rotating means, connecting said at least one auxiliary device to the rotating means at the transportation, said least one auxiliary device being able to store, generate and/or convert energy during transportation, transferring energy from said at least one auxiliary device to said one or more shafts of the rotating means during transportation, and moving said one or more shafts of the rotating means continuously or discontinuously from a position to another. 55. Method of moving the rotating means according to claim 54, wherein said rotating means is included in a nacelle of a wind turbine or in a transportation frame construction. 56. Method of moving the rotating means according to claim 54, wherein said auxiliary device is connected to a high-speed shaft at a gear and/or a generator. 57. Method of moving the rotating means according to claim 54, wherein the moving of said one or more shafts are turned at a very low turning speed comprising less than one full turn per week. 58. Method of moving the rotating means according to claim 54, wherein the moving of said rotating means is discontinuous comprising between 30 seconds and 20 minutes of movement every period. 59. Method of moving the rotating means according to claim 54, wherein the moving of said one or more shafts of the rotating means is combined with oil lubrication at said rotating means. 60. Method of moving the rotating means according to claim 54, wherein said method activates or controls one or more oil lubrication pumps supplying lubrication to said rotation means. 61. Method of moving the rotating means according to claim 60, wherein said auxiliary device and/or said one or more oil lubrication pumps is activated or controlled continuous or discontinuously. 62. Method of moving the rotating means according to claim 54, wherein said transportation is performed with transportation means comprising trucks, trains or ships. 63. Method of moving the rotating means according to claim 54, wherein said auxiliary device is connected to one or more energy generating systems of said transportation means comprising the electric generators, pneumatic or hydraulic pumps. 64. Method of moving the rotating means according to claim 54, wherein said auxiliary device is connected to said rotating means before start of the transportation. 65. Method of moving the rotating means of a wind turbine during stand still during transportation, said method comprising the steps of: at least one auxiliary device being secured to a fixed position in relation to said rotating means and connected to the rotating means, said at least one auxiliary device being able to store, generate and/or convert energy during stand still, transferring energy from said at least one auxiliary device to said one or more shafts of the rotating means during stand still, and moving said one or more shafts of the rotating means continuously or discontinuously from a position to another. 66. Method of moving the rotating means according to claim 65, wherein said rotating means is included in a nacelle of a wind turbine or in a transportation frame construction. 67. Method of moving the rotating means according to claim 65, wherein the moving of said rotating means are turned at a very low turning speed comprising less than one full turn per week. 68. Method of moving the rotating means according to claim 65, wherein the moving of said rotating means is discontinuous comprising between 30 seconds and 20 minutes of movement every period. 69. Method of moving the rotating means according to claim 65, wherein said auxiliary device is connected to one or more separate energy generating systems. 70. Method of moving the rotating means according to claim 65, wherein said method activates or controls one or more oil lubrication pumps supplying lubrication to said rotation means. 71. Method of moving the rotating means according to claim 70, wherein said auxiliary device and/or said one or more oil lubrication pumps are activated or controlled continuous or discontinuously. 72. Method of controlling the moving of the rotating means of a wind turbine during transportation or stand still during transportation, said method includes control and monitoring system including an algorithm, said system comprising inputs signal from one or more of sensors, connecting at least one auxiliary device to the rotating means at the transportation, said least one auxiliary device being able to store, generate and/or convert energy during transportation, controlling said at least one auxiliary device with output signals of said control and monitoring system in order to move the rotating means of the wind turbine during transportation or stand still, wherein said output signal is derived from said input signals and/or time signals. 73. Method of moving the rotating means according to claim 72, wherein said sensors may include energy level monitoring means monitoring remaining energy of energy storage or storages, temperature sensors monitoring external and/or internal temperature of one or more components, pressure sensors monitoring oil lubrication pressure levels, one or more vibration sensors and/or sensor combinations thereof. 74. Method of moving the rotating means according to claim 72, wherein said rotating means is part of a nacelle of a wind turbine. 75. Method of controlling the moving of the rotating means according to claim 72, wherein time signals reflect the period or periods of stand still of said rotating means. 76. Method of controlling the moving of the rotating means according to claim 72, wherein turning speed of the rotating means is lowered or converted from a continuous to a discontinuous drive at low energy levels by the control system. 77. Method of moving the rotating means according to claim 72, wherein said method activates or controls one or more oil lubrication pumps supplying lubrication to said rotation means. 78. Method of moving the rotating means according to claim 77, wherein said system activates or controls said auxiliary device and/or said one or more oil lubrication pumps continuous or discontinuously. 79. Nacelle for a wind turbine defining an enclosed space, said nacelle comprising rotating means comprising a gear and/or generator including one or more shafts, and at least one auxiliary device being secured to a fixed position in the nacelle with securing means and connected to said rotation means with connection means, wherein said auxiliary device moves the rotating means of the wind turbine nacelle during transportation or stand still during transportation of said wind turbine nacelle. 80. Nacelle for a wind turbine according to claim 79, where said connection is established to one or more shafts of said rotation means. 81. Nacelle for a wind turbine according to claim 80, where said connection means is a belt arrangement including a belt, belt pulleys at said one or more shafts, at least one bracket secured to a position in the nacelle and a belt pulley of said at least one auxiliary device. 82. Nacelle for a wind turbine according to claim 81, where the gear and/or the generator belt pulleys have different sizes in relation to the belt pulley of said at least one auxiliary device. 83. Nacelle for a wind turbine according to claim 79, where said connection means is a cardan coupling system flexibly connecting high-speed shaft ends of the gear and/or the generator with said at least one auxiliary device. 84. Nacelle for a wind turbine according to claim 83, where said cardan shaft system includes gearing means in the connection between the shafts and said at least one auxiliary device. 85. Nacelle for a wind turbine according to claim 79, where the transportation is performed with transportation means comprising trucks, trains or ships. 86. Nacelle for a wind turbine according to claim 85, where the auxiliary device is connected to one or more energy generating systems of the transportation means, the systems comprising electric generators, pneumatic or hydraulic pumps. 87. Nacelle for a wind turbine according to claim 79, where the rotating means is mounted on the nacelle with flexible rubber bushings. 88. Nacelle for a wind turbine according to claim 79, where the nacelle further comprises one or more oil lubrication pumps supplying lubrication to said rotation means. 89. Auxiliary device for moving rotating means of a wind turbine during transportation or stand still during transportation of said wind turbine, said device comprising securing means for securing the auxiliary device to a fixed position in relation to said rotating means, connection means for connecting the auxiliary device to the rotating means converting means for converting an internal or external energy source to mechanical force, where said connection means continuously or discontinuously transfers the mechanical force to the rotating means through said connection to the rotating means. 90. Auxiliary device according to claim 89, where the connection means is connected to a shaft of the rotating means, the shaft comprising a high-speed shaft of a gear and/or generator. 91. Auxiliary device according to claim 90, where said connection means is a belt arrangement including a belt, belt pulleys at said one or more shafts, at least one bracket secured to a position in the rotating means and a belt pulley of said at least one auxiliary device. 92. Auxiliary device according to claim 91, where the gear and/or the generator belt pulleys have different sizes in relation to belt pulley of said at least one auxiliary device. 93. Auxiliary device according to claim 90, where said connection means is a cardan coupling system flexibly connecting the high-speed shaft ends of the gear and/or the generator with said at least one auxiliary device. 94. Auxiliary device according to claim 93, where said cardan shaft system includes gearing means in the connection between the shafts and said at least one auxiliary device. 95. Auxiliary device according to claim 89, where said internal or external energy source comprises: motors supplied with electric power, engines fuelled with diesel, gasoline or other fossil fuels, helical or leaf spring means or torsion bars, or pneumatic or hydraulic systems supplied with compressed air or hydraulic oil, respectively. 96. Auxiliary device according to claim 95, where said internal or external energy source comprises: electric accumulators, pneumatic or hydraulic storages, and/or solar cells such as movable carpets of solar cells. 97. Auxiliary device according to claim 89, where said auxiliary device is connected to said rotating means before start of the transportation or stand still. 98. Control and monitoring system for controlling the moving of the rotating means of a wind turbine with at least one auxiliary device according to claim 89 during transportation or stand still during transportation, said system comprising input signals from one or more sensors, at least one time signal generator, and one or more algorithms where said at least one auxiliary device is connected to the rotating means at the transportation, said least one auxiliary device being able to store, generate and/or convert energy during transportation, and wherein said at least one auxiliary device is controlled with output signals from said one or more algorithms in order to move the rotating means of the wind turbine during transportation or stand still, said output signal being derived from said input signals. 99. Control and monitoring system according to claim 98, where said one or more sensors may be energy level monitoring means monitoring remaining energy of energy storage or storages, pressure sensors monitoring oil lubrication pressure levels, temperature sensors monitoring external (ES) and/or internal temperature of one or more components, one or more vibration sensors (ES) and/or sensor combinations thereof. 100. Control and monitoring system according to claim 98, where said system further controls and monitors one or more oil lubrication pumps supplying lubrication to said rotation means. 101. Control and monitoring system according to claim 100, where said system activates or controls said auxiliary device and/or said one or more oil lubrication pumps continuous or discontinuously. 102. Control and monitoring system according to claim 98, where said system further transmits output information signals regarding the transportation or stand still a remote control center. 103. Control and monitoring system according to claim 102, where said output information signals may include data identifying the nacelle or the rotating means, the reason for an alarm or fail signal and preferably a position of the nacelle. 104. Control and monitoring system according to claim 102, where said output information signals are wireless signals comprising mobile telephone systems together with GPS systems or satellite based maritime communication systems. 