A system for providing auxiliary electrical power is provided. The system includes a plurality of loads and a plurality of power sources, each providing electrical power to one or more of the plurality of loads. At least one generator is electrically connected to the plurality of loads. Also, a plurality of power converters, each of the plurality of power converters being electrically connected between the at least one generator and one of the plurality of loads. An arrangement is also provided for increasing the reliability of power to a load through a connection with a parallel utility network.
Claims 1. A system for providing electrical power to a facility comprising: a first electrical load electrically connected to a first electrical bus; a first transformer secondary electrically connected to said first electrical bus; a first power source electrically connected to said first transformer secondary such that the power source may provide power to said first electrical bus; a first power converter electrically connected between said first electrical bus and a second electrical bus; and, a second transformer secondary connected between said second electrical bus and said first power source; a second electrical load electrically connected to said second electrical bus; a second power source electrically connected to said first electrical bus, wherein said second power source is electrically asynchronous from said first power source and said first and second electrical loads receive electrical power in parallel from said first and second power sources. 2. The system for providing electrical power of claim 1 further comprising a second power converter between said second electrical bus and said first power converter; and a third electrical bus electrically connected between said first and second power converters. 3. The system for providing electrical power of claim 2 further comprising a second power source electrically connected to said third electrical bus. 4. The system for providing electrical power of claim 1 wherein said first power source is a utility. 5. The system for providing electrical power of claim 4 wherein said second power source is a distributed power generation device. 6. The system for providing electrical power of claim 5 wherein said first power source is a utility. 7. The system for providing electrical power of claim 1 wherein said second transformer secondary is electrically connected between said second electrical bus and a second power source. 8. The system for providing electrical power of claim 2 further comprising: at least three power converters electrically connected said third electrical bus; at least three electrical loads, each electrical load being electrically connected to one of said at least three electrical loads; and, at least three transformer secondaries, each of said transformer secondaries being electrically connected to one of said at least three electrical loads between said at least three power converters and said at least three electrical loads. 9. The system for providing electrical power of claim 3 wherein said distributed power generation device is chosen from the group consisting of hydrocarbon fueled internal combustion engines, hydrogen internal combustion engines, external combustion engines, Stirling engines, microturbines, steam turbines, gas turbines, flywheels, wind turbines, photovoltaic arrays, batteries, fuel cells, capacitors, super-capacitors and ultracapacitors. 10. The system for providing electrical power of claim 1 further comprising an energy storage device electrically connected to said third electrical bus. 11. The system for providing electrical power of claim 10 further comprising a third power converted electrically connected between said energy storage device and said third electrical bus. 12. The system for providing electrical power of claim 11 wherein said energy storage device is selected from a group of flywheels, batteries, fuel cells, capacitors, super-capacitors and ultracapacitors. 13. A system for providing electrical power to a facility comprising: a first electrical load; a first power source electrically connected to said first load; a first transformer electrically connected between said first electrical load and said first power source; a second power source electrically connected to said load, wherein said second power source is asynchronous from said first power source, said connection being located between said transformer and said first electrical load; and, a first power converter electrically connected to said first electrical load and said second power source wherein said first load receives electrical power in parallel from said first and second power sources. 14. The system of claim 13 further comprising: a second electrical load electrically connected to said second power source and said power converter; and, a second transformer electrically connected between said second power source and said second electrical load. 15. The system of claim 14 further comprising a generator electrically connected between said second electrical load and said second transformer. 16. The system of claim 13 further comprising: a second electrical load; a third power source electrically connected to said second load; a second transformer electrically connected between said third power source and said second electrical load; a second power converter electrically connected to said second electrical load and said second power source. 17. The system of claim 16 wherein said second power source is an AC power source. 18. The system of claim 17 wherein said AC power source is a generator powered by an internal combustion engine operated in variable speed generation mode. 19. The system of claim 17 wherein said AC power source is an AC storage device. 20. The system of claim 19 wherein said AC storage device is a flywheel. 21. The system of claim 16 further comprising a third power converter electrically connected to and between said second power source and said first and second power converters. 22. The system of claim 21 wherein said third power converter is a AC-DC type power converter and said first and second converters are a DC-AC type inverter. 23. The system of claim 22, wherein said second power source is a DC power source chosen from the group comprising photovoltaic arrays, fuel cells, ultracapacitors, and batteries. 24. A system for providing electrical power to a facility comprising: a plurality of loads in the facility; a plurality of asynchronous power sources, each providing electrical power to one or more of said plurality of loads; at least one generator electrically connected to said plurality of loads wherein said generator is asynchronous from said plurality of asynchronous power sources; and, a plurality of power converters, each of said plurality of power converters being electrically connected between said at least one generator and one of the said plurality of loads. 25. The system of claim 24 wherein said at least one generator is an AC power source. 26. The system of claim 25 wherein said AC power is generated by an internal combustion engine. 27. The system of claim 25 wherein wherein said AC power is generated by a wind turbine. 28. The system of claim 25 wherein said at least one generator is an AC storage device. 30. The system of claim 27 wherein said AC storage device is a flywheel. 31. The system of claim 24 wherein said at least one generator is a DC power source. 32. The system of claim 31 wherein said DC power source is a photovoltaic array. 33. The system of claim 31 wherein said DC power source is an ultracapacitor. 34. The system of claim 31 wherein said DC power source is a battery. 35. The system of claim 25 wherein said power converter is a AC-AC inverter. 36. The system of claim 31 wherein said power converter is a DC-AC inverter. 37. The system of claim 24 further comprising a second power converter, said second power converter being electrically connected between said at least one generator and each of said plurality of power converters. 38. The system of claim 26 wherein said second power converter is a AC-DC type power converter and each of said plurality of power converters is a DC-AC type inverter. 39. A system for providing heat and electrical power comprising: a facility having at least a first electrical load; a first power source electrically connected to said first load; a first transformer electrically connected to said first power source and said first load; a second power source electrically connected to said first load between said first load and said first transformer, said second power source providing asynchronous electrical and thermal energy to said facility; a first power converter electrically connected to said first load and said second power source, said first power converter automatically adjusting said electrical power from said asynchronous second power source to proximately match the desired electrical characteristics of said first power source wherein said first electrical load receives electrical power in parallel from said first and second power source. 40. The system of claim 39 wherein said facility includes a second load, said second load being electrically connected to said second power source wherein said second load source receives electrical power in parallel from said first and second power source. 41. The system of claim 40 further comprising a second power converter electrically connected between said second load and said second power source. 42. The system of claim 41 wherein said facility includes a third load, said third load being electrically connected to said second power source wherein said third load receives electrical power in parallel from said first and second power source. 43. The system of claim 42 further comprising a third power converter electrically connected between said third load and said second power source. 44. The system of claim 41 wherein said generator is powered be a hydrocarbon fueled internal combustion engine. 45. A method for providing electrical power to multiple electrical loads comprising: providing electrical power from a utility grid to a first and second load; providing electrical power from a first alternate asynchronous power source to said first and second load wherein said first and second load receive electrical power in parallel from said utility grid and said first alternate power source; adjusting said electrical power to said first load from said first alternate power source to be compatible with the electrical characteristics of said first load and said utility grid; adjusting said electrical power to said second load from said first alternate power source to be compatible with the electrical characteristics of said second load and said utility grid. 46. The method of claim 45 further comprising the steps of: detecting a change in the electrical characteristics of electrical power provided by said utility grid to said first load; and, adjusting the electrical power to said first load in response to said changed electrical characteristics. 47. The method of claim 46 further comprising the step of adjusting the output of said first alternate asynchronous power source in response to a change in said utility grid. 48. The method of claim 46 further comprising the step of adjusting the electrical power output of the first alternate asynchronous power source in response to a change in said first load. 49. The method of claim 47 further comprising the step of converting alternating current generated by said first alternate asynchronous power source to direct current. 50. The method of claim 49 further comprising the step of converting the direct current back to alternating current before said power is adjusted to be compatible with the electrical characteristics of said first load and said utility grid. 51. The method of claim 46 further comprising the steps of: providing electrical power from a second utility to a third load wherein electrical power from said second utility is asynchronous with said first utility; providing electrical power from said first alternate asynchronous power source to said third load; and, adjusting said electrical power to said third load from said first alternate asynchronous power source be compatible with the electrical characteristics of said third load and said second utility grid. 