An automated shutter control is provided for a shutter having a plurality of slats which are pivoted in unison. The automated shutter control comprises a motor and a slat interface having a body portion and a contact portion. The contact portion has a contour configured to register with and abut against at least a portion of a surface of one of the slats of the shutter. The body portion has a leading end for contacting a first adjacent slat and pivotally rotating it when moving in a first direction and a trailing end for contacting a second adjacent slat and pivotally rotating it when moving in a second direction. A moving assembly is moved by the motor and connects to the slat interface so as to move the slat interface between a first and a second position.
Claims 1. An automated shutter control for a shutter having a plurality of slats which are pivoted in unison, the automated shutter control comprising: a motor; a slat interface having a body portion and a contact portion, the contact portion having a contour configured to register with and abut against at least a portion of a surface of one of the slats of the shutter, the body portion having a leading end for contacting a first adjacent slat and pivotally rotating it when moving in a first direction and a trailing end for contacting a second adjacent slat and pivotally rotating it when moving in a second direction; and a moving assembly moved by the motor and contestable to the slat interface so as to move the slat interface in the first and second directions. 2. An automated shutter control as claimed in claim 1 wherein the moving assembly is contestable to the body portion of the slat interface. 3. An automated shutter control as claimed in claim 1 wherein the body portion includes an slot and the moving assembly includes an engagement pin, the engagement pin being received within the slot. 4. An automated shutter control as claimed in claim 1 wherein the moving assembly comprises a screw threaded shaft connected to the motor and rotated about its axis by the motor, and a carriage assembly threadedly mounted on the jack screw so that rotation of the jack screw moves the carriage assembly in a reciprocating linear manner along the jack screw, the direction of movement of the carriage assembly being determined by the direction of rotation of the jack screw. 5. An automated shutter control as claimed in claim 4 wherein the carriage assembly comprises a carriage body having a threaded passage therein for mounting on the jack screw, and an engagement pin extending from the carriage body, the engagement pin being contestable to the slat interface. 6. An automated shutter control as claimed in claim 1 further comprising a power source which comprises a solar energy collector and a solar energy storage device. 7. An automated shutter control as claimed in claim 1 further comprising a remote activation system for activating the motor from a distance. 8. An automated shutter control as claimed in claim 7 wherein the remote activation system comprises a signal-receiver associated with the automated shutter control, a switch member for activating the motor in response to a signal received from the receiver, and a remote transmitter for transmitting a signal to the signal receiver to activate the motor. 9. An automated shutter control as claimed in claim 8 wherein the remote transmitter has at least two input buttons to effect movement of the slat interface to either the first or the second position. 10. An automated shutter control for a shutter having a plurality of slats which are pivoted in unison, the automated shutter control comprising: a motor; a slat interface dimensioned to register with and engage at least a portion of an end of one of the slats of the shutter; and a moving assembly, moved by the motor and contestable to the slat interface so as to move the slat interface between a first and a second position. 11. A method for opening and closing a shutter having a plurality of slats comprising: attaching a slat interface contoured to register with and engage at least a portion of an end of one of the slats of the shutter; locating a moving assembly adjacent the slat interface so as to engage therewith, the moving assembly not being directly connected to the slats; and reciprocating the moving assembly so that the slat interface moves between a first and a second position corresponding to the open and closed position of the shutter. 12. A method as claimed in claim 11 further comprising the step of locating a remote activation system on the automated shutter control so that a remote transmitted signal is received by a signal receiver on the automated shutter control, the signal receiver activating the motor to move the slat interface between the first and the second position. 13. An automated shutter control as claimed in claim 1 wherein the moving assembly comprises a connector shaft between the motor and the slat interface, the connector shaft moving substantially linearly to open and lose the slats. 14. An automated shutter control as claimed in claim 1 wherein the moving assembly comprises a connector shaft between the motor and the slat interface, the connector shaft being connected to a rotatable plate on the motor moving substantially in rotary fashion to open and lose the slats. 15. An automated shutter control as claimed in claim 1 wherein the leading edge comprises a surface including a tapering projection configured to fit under the adjacent slat and the trailing end comprises a recessed or cutaway portion having a surface configured to abut against the second adjacent slat interface. 16. An automated shutter control as claimed in claim 1 wherein the moving assembly is configured so as to accommodate a pin on either side thereof so as to connect to a slat interface on either side of the moving assembly. 17. An automated shutter control as claimed in claim 1 wherein the slat interface comprises at least one channel for receiving a wire or cable which extends between the motor and sensor positioned remote from the motor. 18. An automated shutter control as claimed in claim 17 further comprising a programming mechanism on the motor for programming the motor to respond to remotely generated signals so as to operate in conjunction with other automated shutter controls. 