A floating support structure for a solar panel array having flotation elements and a support structure disposed above the flotation elements for adjustably and removably mounting at least one solar collector panel. Connectors joining floatation elements form a platform for gangways and catwalks providing access for installation, repair, and maintenance, even when the solar panel array is installed on a body of water.
Claims 1. A floating support structure for a solar panel array, comprising: a least two elongate floatation elements; and mounting structure providing an elevated support for solar panels, said mounting structure removably attached to said floatation elements and adapted for removable connection to a plurality of solar panels. 2. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said floatation elements include an outer tube having an interior wall and an exterior surface, an inner tube having an interior wall and an exterior surface spaced apart from said interior wall of said outer tube, and polygonal end caps welded to the ends of said outer and inner tubes so as to create a watertight and airtight seal over first and second air chambers. 3. The apparatus of claim 2, wherein said end caps are polygonal and having an interior surface with an inner socket which tightly fits over, captures, and retains an end of said inner tube, an outer socket which tightly fits over, captures, and retains an end of said outer tube, and further having a top side adapted for mounting support elements for supporting the solar panel array. 4. The apparatus of claim 3, wherein said end cap top side includes apertures for accepting mounting bolts. 5. The apparatus of claim 3, further including front and back lowermost structural channels removably mounted to said top side of said end caps and spanning transversely across said floatation elements to join said floatation elements into a structural foundation for one or more solar panels. 6. The apparatus of claim 5, further including front and rear longitudinal structural channels removably mounted onto said lowermost structural channels in a generally perpendicular orientation. 7. The apparatus of claim 6, further including a front foot removably mounted on said front longitudinal structural channel, and a rear vertical support removably mounted on said rear longitudinal structural channel, each having apertures for passing fasteners for removably attaching solar panel rails. 8. The apparatus of claim 7, wherein said rear vertical support comprises a modified queen post truss having a horizontal keystone portion with apertures for passing fasteners to removably mount a rear foot interposed between said queen post truss and said solar panel rail. 9. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said floatation elements each comprise a single tube having caps welded on its ends to form a watertight and airtight seal. 10. The apparatus of claim 9, wherein said mounting structure includes a plurality of spaced apart metal bands disposed generally on the underside of said tubes, and corresponding mounting brackets, one each connected to one of said metal bands, said mounting bracket having a mounting post for connection to rails disposed on the underside of solar panels, 11. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein said mounting brackets further include downwardly angling shoulders each having connection means for attaching a connector bar between mounting brackets, and one or more connector bars connecting mounting brackets on adjacent floatation elements. 12. The apparatus of claim 11, further including one or more axially disposed gangways placed over and connected to at least one connector bar. 13. The apparatus of claim 11, further including at least one catwalk disposed over a plurality of floatation elements. 14. The apparatus of claim 13, further including at least one mounting bar disposed between said two mounting brackets, and wherein said catwalk is connected to said at least one mounting bar. 15. The apparatus of claim 14, including at least two mounting bars, caster channels affixed to one of said mounting bars, and wherein said catwalk has a first end attached to a mounting bar, and a second end having casters having a small amount of travel in said caster channels. 16. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said floatation element comprises a corrugated pipe, a foam insert disposed inside said pipe, and caps disposed over each end of said pipe. 17. The apparatus of claim 16, wherein said foam insert is contained in a watertight bag. 18. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said floatation elements comprises a double-walled corrugated pipe having a slot at each end, a foam insert disposed inside said pipe, and caps inserted in said slots in each end of said pipe. 19. The apparatus of claim 1, wherein said floatation element comprises a pipe axially cut along its length so as to provide resilient ends that can be urged apart to create an axial opening, a foam insert wedged into the axial opening in said pipe and captured by said resilient ends. 20. The apparatus of claim 19, wherein said mounting structure is disposed on top of said floatation elements. 