A Wireless Irrigation and Trespasser Deterrent Control System used for controlling a remote irrigation system comprising a plurality of sprinklers connected by water pipes to one or more electric zone valves having wireless valve controllers. Included is a wireless system controller that communicates with the remote wireless valve controllers when a signal is received from a sensor such as a motion detector in order to turn the sprinklers on or off. Other sensors are possible such as soil moisture sensors and rain sensors. A handheld remote controller is also included.
Claims 1. A Wireless Irrigation and Trespasser Deterrent Control System for controlling an irrigation system comprising a plurality of sprinklers connected by water pipes to at least one electric zone valve for controlling the flow of water to said plurality of sprinklers, said control system comprising: a. a wireless system controller adapted to receive a first signal from at least one remote sensor and transmit a second signal in response to said first signal to; b. at least one wireless valve control module operatively connected to said at least one electric zone valve for operating the at least one electric zone valve between an open position and a closed position, wherein said second signal determines whether the at least one electric zone valve is in said open or said closed position. 2. The control system of claim 1 wherein said wireless system controller further comprises a programmable controller and wherein said second signal is in response to a command from said programmable controller. 3. The control system of claim 2 wherein said at least one remote sensor is an environmental monitoring sensor adapted to sense a specific environmental condition. 4. The control system of claim 3 wherein a plurality of said environmental monitoring sensors are in wireless communication with the wireless system controller and wherein each of the plurality of environmental monitoring sensors transmits a respective first signal having a unique identification indicative of said specific environmental condition being monitored for receipt and processing by the wireless system controller. 5. The control system of claim 4 wherein said respective first signal is encrypted for decryption by the wireless system controller and further wherein the second signal is encrypted for decryption by the wireless valve control module. 6. The control system of claim 5 wherein the respective first signal and the second signal are radio frequency signals. 7. The control system of claim 6 wherein the wireless system controller is powered by on-board batteries. 8. The control system of claim 7 wherein the wireless system controller is portable. 9. The system of claim 8 wherein the wireless system controller can be placed in a recharging docking station while not in use to allow said on-board batteries to recharge. 10. The control system of claim 1 wherein the wireless valve controller is powered by on-board batteries. 11. The system of claim 10 wherein the wireless valve controller on-board batteries are recharged by solar cells. 12. The system of claim 10 further including a turbine generator for placement upstream of the at least one electric zone valve and electrically connected to the wireless valve controller so that when water flows through the at least one electric zone valve power is generated to recharge the on-board batteries. 13. A Wireless Irrigation and Trespasser Deterrent Control System for controlling an irrigation system comprising a plurality of sprinklers connected by water pipes to at least one electric zone valve for controlling the flow of water to said plurality of sprinklers, said control system comprising: a. a wireless system controller adapted to receive a first signal from at least one remote sensor and transmit a second signal in response to said first signal to; b. at least one wireless valve control module operatively connected to said at least one electric zone valve for operating the at least one electric zone valve between an open position and a closed position, wherein said second signal commands a desired state of the electric zone valve; c. a programmable controller adapted to store system operating commands in response to the first signal; d. wherein said at least one wireless valve control module transmits a third signal to the wireless system controller, said third signal indicative of the actual state of the electric zone valve; e. so that upon receipt of the third signal from the at least one wireless control module, said programmable controller compares the actual state of the electric zone valve with said desired state in order to confirm the correct operation of the system. 14. The system of claim 13 wherein the desired state is not equal to the actual state resulting in the second signal being retransmitted a predetermined number of times until the desired state is obtained. 15. The system of claim 14 wherein retransmission of said predetermined number of second signals fails to achieve the desired state resulting in an error signal display on the wireless system controller. 16. The system as claimed in claim 15 wherein the third signal transmits the condition of the battery in the wireless valve controller. 17. The system of claim 15 wherein at least one remote sensor is a motion detector comprising a DC powered RF transmitter for generating a first signal in response to detected motion and a daylight sensing circuit adapted to vary the sensitivity of the motion detector from night to day and wherein the programmable controller is adapted to process said first signal during predetermined hours, said daylight sensing circuit adapted to restrict the operation said DC powered RF transmitter to said predetermined hours in order to reduce power consumed by the RF transmitter. 