An electrical post lamp has a body with at least three light-transmitting sides, a base member for mounting the body on a post, and a top member for shedding precipitation and airborne dirt. The body includes a lighting element, a rechargeable battery for powering the lighting element, a photosensitive switching element for activating the lighting element during the night and deactivating the element during daylight, and a solar collector including at least one solar panel for recharging the battery during daylight. The top member incorporates the solar collector panels and is formed with a downward sloping periphery having a slope which is determined by and approximately equal to the geographic latitude of intended use of the post lamp. In appropriate cases, a mirror may be provided for reflecting sunlight onto the North-facing or South-facing portion of the solar collector on the top member.
Claims 1. In an electrical post lamp having a body with at least three light-transmitting sides, a base member for mounting said body on a post, and a top member for shedding precipitation and airborne dirt, said body containing a lighting element, a rechargeable battery for powering said lighting element, and a solar collector including at least one solar panel for recharging said battery during daylight, the improvement comprising: said top member incorporating the at least one solar panel and being formed with a downward sloping periphery, said slope being determined by and proportional to the latitude of intended use of said post lamp. 2. The post lamp of claim 1, wherein said top member has a tetrahedral surface. 3. The post lamp of claim 1, wherein said top member is a truncated tetrahedron, the square top surface and trapezoidal side surfaces of said tetrahedron incorporating solar panels of said solar collector. 4. The post lamp of claim 1, wherein said top member has a conical surface. 5. The post lamp of claim 1, wherein said top member is a truncated cone, having a round top surface and conical side surface incorporating solar panels of said solar collector. 6. The post lamp of claim 1, wherein said top member has sufficient area to accommodate solar collector panels with sufficient area to provide sufficient electrical energy to said battery to power the lighting element for two (2) nights. 7. The post lamp of claim 1, wherein said lighting element comprises a light emitting diode. 8. The post lamp of claim 1, wherein said lighting element comprises a plurality of light emitting diodes. 9. The post lamp of claim 1, further comprising: a photosensitive switching element for activating the lighting element during the night and deactivating said element during daylight. 10. The post lamp of claim 1, further comprising: a mirror for reflecting sunlight onto a solar collector panel on a North-facing or South-facing portion of said top member. 11. An electrical post lamp for illuminating a walkway of a residence, said lamp comprising: a body having three or more light transmitting sides, a base member for attachment to a support post, and a top member for shedding precipitation and dirt; a lighting element mounted within said body for providing required illumination; a battery for providing electrical power to said lighting element; and means for activating and deactivating said lighting element. 12. The post lamp of claim 11, wherein said lighting element comprises at least two light emitting diodes. 13. The post lamp of claim 11, wherein said battery for providing electrical power to said lighting element is rechargeable; 14. The post lamp of claim 11, wherein the means for activating and deactivating said lighting element is a photosensitive switching device which is calibrated to activate said lighting element below a preset level of ambient light and to deactivate said lighting element above said preset level. 15. The post lamp of claim 11, further comprising: a solar collector for providing electrical power to recharge said battery. 16. The post lamp of claim 15, wherein said solar collector forms the top member for said lamp body, said top member having a periphery sloping downward at an angle proportional to the latitude at which the post lamp is to be used. 17. An electrical post lamp for illuminating a walkway of a residence without connection to the wiring system of said residence, said lamp comprising: a body having four (4) light transmitting sides, a base member for attachment to a support post, and a top member for shedding precipitation and dirt; a lighting element comprising at least one (1) light emitting diode mounted within said body for providing required illumination; a rechargeable battery for providing electrical power to said lighting element; a photosensitive switching device for activating said lighting element below a preset level of ambient light and deactivating said lighting element above said preset level; a solar collector for providing electrical power to recharge said battery, solar panels which make up the solar collector forming the top member for said lamp body, said top member having a periphery formed from said solar panels and sloping downward at an angle approximately equal to the latitude at which the post lamp is to be used. 18. The electrical post lamp of claim 17, wherein said solar collector has sufficient solar panel area to provide enough energy to charge the battery sufficiently to operate the lighting element for at least two nights. 