An electrical generating device combines solar cells and piezoelectric generators into a single generating system, configured in such a manner that the solar cells or the solar cell supporting structures act on the piezoelectric generators, resulting in an electrical generating system that can produce electricity from both solar energy and from the force of the wind.
Claims 1. An electrical energy generating device comprising a solar cell generator and a piezoelectric generator, each of said generators connected to a mounting means and configured so that movement of said solar cell generator in response to an outside force causes said piezoelectric generator to deform to an extent sufficient to induce said piezoelectric generator to generate electricity. 2. The electrical energy generating device of claim 1 further comprising a support means to which said solar cell generator is attached. 3. The electrical energy generating device of claim 1 further comprising an electricity storage means connected to said solar cell generator and to said piezoelectric generator such that electricity generated by said solar cell generator and by said piezoelectric generator is conducted to and stored by said electricity storage means. 4. The electrical energy generating device of claim 1 where said outside force comprises wind or moving air. 5. The electrical energy generating device of claim 2 where said support means comprises said piezoelectric generator. 6. The electrical energy generating device of claim 2 where said support means is pivotally connected to said mounting means, and one end of said piezoelectric generator is fixably connected to said mounting means, such that said support means contacts the other end of said piezoelectric generator in the course of said movement of said support means in response to said force. 7. The electrical energy generating device of claim 2 where said support means is pivotally connected to said mounting means and both ends of said piezoelectric generator are fixably connected to said mounting means, such that said support means contacts said piezoelectric generator at a point between each end of said piezoelectric generator in the course of said movement of said support means in response to said force. 8. The electrical energy generating device of claim 6 where said support means contacts one piezoelectric generator when said support means moves in one direction in response to said force, and said support means contacts a second piezoelectric generator when said support means moves in a second direction in response to a second force. 9. The electrical energy generating device of claim 2 where the movement of said support means is converted to rotational movement that acts on said piezoelectric generator through one or more cams. 10. An electrical energy generating device comprising a plurality of electrical energy generating devices as set forth in claim 1 that are electrically connected to a single electricity storage and delivery system. 11. An electrical energy generating device kit comprising a solar cell generator and a piezoelectric generator to which said solar cell generator and said piezoelectric generator can be mounted so that movement of said solar cell generator in response to an outside force causes said piezoelectric generator to generate electricity; hardware to permit said mounting means to be affixed to a structure; an electricity storage device to store the electricity generated by said solar cell generator and said piezoelectric generator; electrical conductors to transmit the electricity generated by said solar cell generator and said piezoelectric generator to said electricity storage device. 