A grill handle and light assembly is disclosed, the handle being attached to the lid of the grill and the light being detachably secured to the handle for use while grilling or, when detached, as an auxiliary light.
Claims 1. A grill handle and light assembly for use with a barbecue grill, the assembly comprising a handle adapted for mounting to the lid of the grill and a light detachably secured to said handle, said light having an engagement means at one end thereof for engaging said handle, and a securing means at the other end thereof for securing said light to said handle. 2. The assembly of claim 1 in which said light includes a source of energy and a light emitting means. 3. The assembly of claim 2 in which said source of energy includes at least one battery. 4. The assembly of claim 2 in which said source of energy includes at least one solar cell. 5. In a barbecue grill having a firebox and a lid, wherein the improvement comprises, a handle and light assembly with a handle attached to the lid for raising and lowering the lid and a light detachably secured to said handle, said light being oriented to illuminate the cooking area of the grill when the lid is raised. 6. The assembly of claim 5 in which said light includes a source of energy and a light emitting means. 7. The assembly of claim 5 in which said source of energy includes at least one battery. 8. The assembly of claim 7 in which said source of energy includes at least one solar cell. 9. A handle for a barbecue grill, the grill having a firebox with a heat source associated therewith, a cooking surface disposed above the heat source, and a lid for covering and providing access to the cooking surface, the handle comprising a generally u-shaped member with an attachment means at each end thereof for securing said handle to the lid, and a light secured to said handle with a latch for securing and releasing said light from said handle, said light being oriented to illuminate said cooking surface when the lid of the grill is open. 10. A handle as defined in claim 9 said light includes a hook at one end thereof for hanging said light from a suitable support member. 