A method for fabricating an array of aligned optical elements. In one embodiment, the optical elements include primary and secondary mirrors that are used to concentrate sunlight onto a photovoltaic cell for direct conversion of the sunlight into electricity. The array is formed using a front panel of plate glass or other transmissive material. The glass sheet is registered with a base tool. Subsequent tools are also registered with the base tool to deposit the primary and secondary mirrors for fabrication of the array.
Claims 1. A method for aligning optical elements in an array of components for a renewable energy source, wherein each component includes a first and second optical element, the method comprising: fixedly securing an array of the first optical elements on a first planar surface; detachably securing an array of the second optical elements to a second planar surface; moving the first and second planar surfaces into alignment; and fixedly securing the array of second optical elements to the first planar surface in accordance with the alignment to produce an array of first and second optical elements in corresponding fixed alignments, wherein each first optical element is in a corresponding fixed alignment with one second optical element. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the renewable energy source uses solar energy. 3. The method of claim 2, wherein the solar energy is converted to electrical energy with a photovoltaic cell. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein the moving the first and second planar surfaces into alignment includes registering the first planar surface with three points, wherein the three points are in a fixed relationship with the second planar surface. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein the first optical element comprises a secondary mirror, and wherein the second optical element comprises a primary mirror. 6. The method of claim 5, wherein the mirrors include glass. 7. The method of claim 5, wherein the mirrors include metal base reflectors. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein an act is performed manually. 9. The method of claim 1, wherein an act is performed automatically. 10. The method of claim 9, wherein a stage in an assembly line is used to perform one or more acts. 11. The method of claim 9, wherein a robot station is used to perform one or more acts. 12. The method of claim 1, further comprising: registering a planar template with the first planar surface, wherein the planar template includes through holes; and using a first group of the through holes to determine placement of the first optical elements onto the first planar surface. 13. The method of claim 12, further comprising: using a second group of the through holes to determine placement of adhesive to the surface of the first planar surface; and mounting the second optical elements to the first planar surface by using the placed adhesive. 14. The method of claim 1, further comprising: creating low pressure areas at the surface of the second planar surface; using the low pressure areas to detachably secure the second optical elements to the second planar surface; aligning the second planar surface with the first planar surface; and increasing pressure at the low pressure areas to cause the first optical elements to be deposited onto the first planar surface. 15. The method of claim 1, wherein the first planar surface is transparent, wherein a back pan includes a plurality of photovoltaic cells fixedly mounted to the back pan, the method further comprising: fixedly securing the back pan to the first planar surface so that corresponding first and second optical elements focus light onto a corresponding photovoltaic cell. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein the back pan is secured to the first planar surface by using an adhesive. 17. The method of claim 1, wherein the first planar surface is optically transparent. 18. A method for aligning mirrors in a photovoltaic array, wherein the photovoltaic array includes components, wherein each component includes a primary and a secondary mirror for focusing sunlight onto an associated photovoltaic cell, the method comprising: fixedly securing an array of the secondary mirrors on a first planar surface; detachably securing an array of the primary mirrors to a second planar surface; moving the first and second planar surfaces into alignment; fixedly securing the array of primary mirrors to the first planar surface in accordance with the alignment to produce an array of primary and secondary mirrors; and placing a photovoltaic cell in alignment with each aligned primary and secondary mirror. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein the photovoltaic array includes a plurality of photovoltaic cells, the method further comprising: placing the plurality of photovoltaic cells into a one-to-one alignment with an associated aligned primary and secondary mirror component. 20. The method of claim 19, wherein the first and second planar surfaces are moved into alignment with an actuator, the method further comprising: mounting the plurality of photovoltaic cells to a third planar surface; and moving the third planar surface into alignment with the first planar surface by using the actuator. 