Methods, apparatus and kits for installing window film sheet structures over transparent panels or the like are provided. The methods, apparatus and kits include frame assemblies in combination with the window films that are easily installed in a do-it-yourself environment so as to avoid damage to the window films.
Claims 1. A film frame assembly adapted for installing window film structures over an opening defined by an assembly, the film frame assembly comprising: a frame defining a frame opening; one or more pressure-sensitive adhesive portions on at least one side of the frame and being attachable to the assembly defining the opening; and a generally flexible film sheet structure for covering the frame opening, wherein the frame includes a plurality of frame elements, each one having a channel that is aligned with channels of the other frame elements to thereby define a receptacle for removably receiving the film sheet structure. 2. The film frame assembly of claim 1, wherein the film sheet structure includes non-adhesive exterior major surfaces. 3. The film frame assembly of claim 2, wherein the film sheet structure is selected from a group that comprises solar window film, privacy window film, anti-graffiti window film, security window film, graphic design window film, frosted finish window film, and any combination thereof. 4. The film frame assembly of claim 2, wherein the film sheet structure has a thickness in the order of about 2 mil to about 10 mil. 5. The film frame assembly of claim 1, wherein the pressure-sensitive adhesive portions are formed from corresponding sections of double-sided pressure-sensitive adhesive tape. 6. The film frame assembly of claim 1, wherein the receptacle is generally U-shaped. 7. The film frame assembly of claim 1, wherein an open end of the U-shaped receptacle has a frame element enclosing the film sheet structure following insertion of the film sheet structure within the receptacle. 8. A film frame assembly in combination with a transparent panel assembly defining an opening adjacent a transparent panel, wherein the film frame assembly is adapted for installing window film structures over the transparent panel, the combination comprises: a frame defining a frame opening; one or more pressure-sensitive adhesive portions on at least one side of the frame and being attachable to the transparent panel assembly; and a generally flexible film sheet structure for covering the frame opening, wherein the frame comprising a plurality of frame elements, each one having a channel that is aligned with channels of the other frame elements to thereby define a receptacle for removably receiving the film sheet structure. 9. The film frame assembly of claim 8, wherein the film sheet structure includes non-adhesive exterior major surfaces. 10. The film frame assembly of claim 9, wherein the film sheet structure is selected from a group that comprises solar window film, privacy window film, anti-graffiti window film, security window film, graphic design window film, frosted finish window film, and any combination thereof. 11. The combination of claim 10, wherein the film sheet structure has a thickness in the order of about 2 mil to about 10 mil. 12. The film frame assembly of claim 8, wherein the receptacle is generally U-shaped. 13. The film frame assembly of claim 12, wherein an open end of the U-shaped receptacle has a frame element enclosing the film sheet structure following insertion of the film sheet structure within the receptacle. 14. A method of making a transparent panel film frame assembly adapted for installing window film structures over a transparent panel in a transparent panel assembly, the method comprising: providing a film sheet structure; providing a frame defining a frame opening, wherein the frame provided includes a plurality of frame elements, each one having a channel; aligning the channels of the frame elements to thereby define a receptacle for removably receiving the film sheet structure; applying one or more pressure-sensitive adhesive portions to at least one side of each of the frame elements so that the frame elements can be connected to the transparent panel assembly; and inserting the film sheet structure within the receptacle. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein the film sheet, structure includes non-adhesive exterior surfaces. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein the film sheet structure provided has a thickness in the order of about 2 mil to about 10 mil. 17. The method of claim 14, wherein the film sheet structure is selected from a group that comprises solar window film, privacy window film, anti-graffiti window film, security window film, graphic design window film, frosted finish window film, and any combination thereof. 18. The method of claim 14, wherein the transparent panel assembly is a window assembly. 19. A kit comprising: a frame defining, a frame opening, wherein the frame includes a plurality of frame elements, each one having a channel that is aligned with channels of the other frame elements to thereby define a receptacle for removably receiving the film sheet structure: one or more pressure-sensitive adhesive portions on at least one side of the frame elements; and a generally planar film sheet structure for covering a frame opening, wherein the film sheet structure is generally stiff and remains generally planar when inserted in the receptacle. 20. The kit of Claim 19, wherein film sheet structure includes non-adhesive exterior surfaces. 21. The kit of Claim 19, wherein the film sheet structure is selected from a group that comprises solar window film, privacy window film, anti-graffiti window film, security window film, graphic design window film, frosted finish window film, and any combination thereof. 22. The kit of claim 19, further comprising a roll of pressure-sensitive adhesive tape. 23. A film frame assembly in combination with a transparent panel assembly including a transparent panel, the film frame assembly is adapted for installing window film structures over the transparent panel, the combination comprises: a transparent panel film sheet structure, a frame defining a frame opening, wherein the frame includes a plurality of frame elements, each one having pressure-sensitive adhesive portions attached to one surface for adhesively securing the frame elements to the transparent panel, and each one having pressure-sensitive adhesive portions on an opposing surface for adhesively securing the transparent panel film sheet structure thereto, whereby the transparent panel film sheet structure is in spaced apart to the transparent panel. 24. The film frame assembly of claim 23, wherein the film sheet structure includes non-adhesive exterior major surfaces. 25. The film frame assembly of claim 24, wherein the film sheet structure is selected from a group that comprises solar window film, privacy window film, anti-graffiti window film, security window film, graphic design window film, frosted finish window film, and any combination thereof. 26. The combination of Claim 23, wherein the film sheet structure has a thickness in the order of about 2 mil to about 30 mil. 27. The combination of claim 23, wherein the pressure-sensitive adhesive portions include a double-sided tape. 28. A method of installing a film sheet structure in spaced apart relationship to a transparent panel, the method comprises: providing a frame that includes a plurality of frame elements for defining a frame opening; providing a film sheet structure that is sized to cover the frame opening; adhesively securing one side of each of the frame elements to the transparent panel; and adhesively securing another side of each of the frame elements to the film sheet structure so that the film sheet structure is in spaced apart and thermal insulating relationship to the transparent panel. 29. The method of claim 28, wherein the providing a film sheet structure is performed by preliminarily generating a mounting tool by cutting a blank sheet to generally match the size and shape of the transparent panel; joining mutually opposing major surfaces of the film sheet structure to the mounting tool so that both are in a generally juxtaposed and coextensive relationship with each other; cutting the film sheet structure so that its shape and size generally conforms to that of the mounting tool; and de-laminating the shaped and sized film sheet structure from the working tool. 30. The method of claim 29, wherein the joining uses pressure-sensitive adhesive portions. 31. The method of claim 30, wherein the delaminating is performed by peeling the pressure-sensitive adhesively secured working tool and film sheet structure. 32. A kit comprises: a window film sheet structure; a frame defining a frame opening, wherein the frame includes a plurality of frame elements, a plurality of pressure-sensitive adhesive portions attachable for adhesively securing the frame elements to the window, and for adhesively securing the window film sheet structure to the frame elements. 33. The kit of claim 32, wherein the pressure-sensitive adhesive portions include a double-sided tape. 