A system and method for providing mass transit is disclosed. The system is able to dispatch a vehicle to a person in response to their contacting a central controller. The system can adjust their route depending on the needs of the person and/or persons who are using the system. The system can place a track in an urban area without adding to the congestion that already exists within the area.
Claims 1. A system for providing mass transit comprising: a central controller; a database operably connected to the central controller; a traffic controller operably connected to the central controller, a track and a vehicle; and a person, wherein the person transmits travel data to the central controller and the central controller dispatches a vehicle in response to the travel data. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the central controller dispatches the vehicle through the transmission of travel data to the traffic controller. 3. The system of claim 1, further comprising a power controller operably connected to the traffic controller, wherein the power controller is adapted to monitor batteries and energy in the system. 4. The system of claim 1, further comprising a wireless service provider operably connected to the central controller, wherein travel data is transmitted from the wireless service provider to the central controller. 5. The system of claim 1, further comprising a maintenance controller, wherein the maintenance controller is adapted to schedule maintenance for the track and the vehicle. 6. The system of claim 1, wherein the database stores profiles of the person, wherein the profile includes billing data. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the track is a monorail. 8. The system of claim 1, wherein the track is suspended about four meters above the ground. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein the track uses DC current. 10. The system of claim 1, further comprising a vertical support member for supporting the track, wherein a battery is stored in the vertical support member. 11. The system of claim 10, further comprising a track support structure extending perpendicularly from the vertical support member. 12. The system of claim 11, further comprising a fixture connected to the track support structure. 13. The system of claim 12, where the fixture is a solar panel operably connected to the battery. 14. A method for providing transportation comprising: transmitting from a person to a central controller travel data, wherein the central controller accesses a database having a profile of the person; providing schedule data from the central controller to the person; transmitting acceptance of the schedule data to the central controller from the person; dispatching a vehicle to a location indicated in the schedule data. 15. The method of claim 14, wherein the travel data is transmitted via a wireless service provider. 16. The method of claim 14, further comprising updating the database to reflect billing of the person. 17. The method of claim 14, further comprising monitoring the location of the person. 18. The method of claim 14, further comprising fining the person for not moving to the location indicated in the schedule. 19. The method of claim 14, further comprising adjusting routing of a plurality of vehicles based upon the acceptance of the schedule data. 20. A system for providing mass transit comprising: a central controller; a database operably connected to the central controller, wherein the database stores profiles; a traffic controller operably connected to the central controller, a track suspended above ground and a vehicle, wherein the vehicle and the track are powered by DC; and a person, wherein the person transmits travel data to the central controller and the central controller accesses the database for a profile of the person and dispatches a vehicle in response to the travel data and the profile. 