A portable power and utility system for mounting in or on a host vehicle with an electrical system or, alternatively, operating in a standalone, portable configuration. The portable power and utility system includes an enclosure, an AC power subsystem mounted in the enclosure, a fluid power air subsystem mounted in the enclosure and an optional host vehicle connection adapted for selectively connecting the electrical system of the host vehicle and the AC power subsystem. A battery charger subsystem is connected to one or both of the host vehicle electrical system and the AC power subsystem. Wheels can be mounted on the enclosure for transportation. A control panel is mounted in the enclosure and includes multiple switches for controlling operation of the subsystems.
Claims 1. A portable power and utility system for interfacing with a vehicle electrical system including a vehicle battery, which power and utility system comprises: an enclosure; an AC power subsystem in said enclosure and including a subsystem battery, an inverter connected to the subsystem battery and an AC power outlet connected to the inverter; a vehicle battery connection subsystem in said enclosure and selectively connecting the vehicle electrical system to the AC power subsystem, whereby said subsystem battery supplements said vehicle battery; said vehicle battery connection subsystem being adapted for charging said subsystem battery with said vehicle electrical system; and a battery charger subsystem in said enclosure and including a battery charger adapted for connection to an internal and/or an external AC power source and connected to said AC power subsystem and the vehicle battery, said battery charger subsystem being adapted for charging said subsystem battery, said vehicle battery or an external battery. 2. The power and utility system according to claim 1, which includes: a photovoltaic panel electrically coupled with at least one of said vehicle battery and said subsystem battery, said photovoltaic panel and adapted for supplementing and charging said at least one battery. 3. The power and utility system according to claim 1, which includes: an electrical power source adapted for connection to and vehicle battery or said subsystem battery and comprising at least one of a photovoltaic panel, a wind generator, a motion-activated generator, a fuel-cell and an ultra-high capacity capacitor. 4. The power and utility system according to claim 1, which includes: said enclosure including a subenclosure formed therein and a lid movable between an open position providing access to said subenclosure and a closed position enclosing same; a control panel located in said subenclosure and including controls connected to said AC power subsystem; and said AC outlet being located inside said subenclosure. 5. The power and utility system according to claim 1, which includes: a fluid power subsystem comprising a compressed air subsystem including an air compressor and an air tank located within said enclosure, said air compressor being operably connected to said air tank and adapted for charging same. 6. The power and utility system according to claim 5, which includes: said compressed air subsystem including a hose connection adapted for discharging compressed air from said air tank, an air hose adapted for connection to said hose connect and an air hose reel adapted for receiving said air hose; and said air hose being adapted for movement between a retracted position on said hose reel and an extended position extending from same. 7. The power and utility system according to claim 1, which includes: an extension cord adapted for connection to said AC outlet; and an extension cord reel located in said enclosure and adapted for receiving said extension cord, said extension cord being movable between a retracted position wound on said extension cord reel and an extended position unwound from same. 8. The power and utility system according to claim 1, which includes: said subsystem battery being adapted for powering said vehicle electrical system and jumpstarting said vehicle; said subsystem and vehicle batteries being adapted for providing a boost jumpstart with increased current and/or voltage; and said vehicle electrical system being adapted for charging said subsystem battery. 9. The power and utility system according to claim 1, which includes: said enclosure including a lid hingedly mounted thereon and movable between a closed position enclosing said enclosure and an open position providing access to said enclosure; and a compartmentalized tray movably positioned in said enclosure. 10. The power and utility system according to claim 1, which includes: said enclosure having opposite side faces and a pair of extensions each located at and extending from a respective side face; and said enclosure being adapted for mounting at least partially in a pickup truck bed with said extensions each located on top of a respective side of said bed. 11. The power and utility system according to claim 1, which includes: a subenclosure formed in said enclosure; and a control panel located in said subenclosure and including switches for controlling one or more functions from among the group comprising: AC power; air compressor; host vehicle battery connect; battery charger; and auxiliary device. 12. The power and utility system according to claim 11, which includes: a battery status display connected to at least one of said host vehicle and subsystem batteries and adapted for indicating a charge status thereof. 13. The power and utility system according to claim 1, which includes: a pair of wheels mounted on said enclosure. 14. The power and utility system according to claim 13, which includes: said wheels comprising a pair of main wheels; an auxiliary pair of wheels mounted on said enclosure in spaced relation from said main wheels; and a handle mounted on and extending from said enclosure. 15. The power and utility system according to claim 1, which includes: said enclosure having a lid with an inside face; and an auxiliary subsystem mounted on the inside face of said lid and including an AC or DC light fixture and an entertainment system. 16. The power and utility system according to claim 1, which includes: said air compressor subsystem including a pressure gauge, a relief valve adapted to open if a predetermined pressure in said air tank is exceeded and a pressure flow regulator. 17. The power and utility system according to claim 1, which includes: a fluid power subsystem comprising an hydraulic power subsystem including an hydraulic pump and tank located within said enclosure, said hydraulic pump being operably connected to said hydraulic tank and adapted for charging same. 18. The power and utility system according to claim 1, which includes: a fluid power subsystem including a compressed air subsystem including an air compressor and an air tank located within said enclosure, said air compressor being operably connected to said air tank and adapted for charging same; and said fluid power subsystem including a gaseous fuel tank. 19. A portable power and utility system, which comprises: an elongated enclosure; an AC power subsystem in said enclosure and including a subsystem battery, an inverter connected to the subsystem battery and an AC power outlet connected to the inverter; a battery charger subsystem in said enclosure and including a battery charger configured for connection to an external AC power source and connected to said subsystem battery, said battery charger subsystem charging said subsystem battery; a pair of main wheels mounted on said enclosure; an auxiliary pair of wheels mounted on said enclosure in spaced relation from said main wheels; a handle mounted on said enclosure and movable between first and second opposite handle positions, said handle including a proximal section extending alongside and attached to a respective enclosure face and a distal section forming an angle with respect to said proximal section; said enclosure being configured for a first, generally vertical orientation supported primarily on its main wheels and a second, generally horizontal orientation supported primarily on said main and auxiliary wheels; said handle distal section extending in a first direction generally behind said enclosure with said handle in its first position and said enclosure in its vertical orientation; and said handle distal section extending in a second, generally upward direction with said handle in its second position and said enclosure in its horizontal orientation. 20. A portable power and utility system for interfacing with a vehicle including an electrical system having a battery, which power and utility system comprises: an enclosure; an AC power subsystem in said enclosure and including a subsystem battery, an inverter connected to the battery and an AC power outlet connected to the inverter; a vehicle battery connection subsystem in said enclosure and selectively connecting the vehicle electrical system to the AC power subsystem; a battery charger subsystem in said enclosure and including a battery charger adapted for connection to an internal and/or an external AC power source and connected to said AC power subsystem and the vehicle battery, said battery charger subsystem being configured for charging said subsystem battery, said vehicle battery or an external battery; said subsystem battery being configured for supplementing said vehicle battery; said vehicle battery connection subsystem being adapted for charging said subsystem battery with said vehicle electrical system; said enclosure including a subenclosure formed therein and a lid movable between an open position providing access to said subenclosure and a closed position enclosing same; said subenclosure providing built-in storage; a control panel including controls connected to said AC power subsystem; said control panel including switches for controlling the functions comprising AC power; an air compressor; a host vehicle battery connect; a battery charger and an auxiliary device; said AC power outlet and said control panel being located in said subenclosure; a compressed air subsystem in said enclosure and including an air compressor and an air tank located within said enclosure, said air compressor being operably connected to said air tank and adapted for charging same; said compressed air subsystem including a hose connection adapted for discharging compressed air from said air tank, an air hose adapted for connection to said hose connection, a pressure gauge, a relief valve adapted to open if a predetermined pressure in said air tank is exceeded and a pressure flow regulator; an air hose reel adapted for receiving said air hose with said air hose being adapted for movement between a retracted position on said hose reel and an extended position extending from same; an electrical extension cord adapted for connection to said AC outlet; an extension cord reel located in said enclosure and adapted for receiving said extension cord; said extension cord being movable between a retracted position wound on said extension cord reel and an extended position unwound from same; said subsystem battery being adapted for supplementing said vehicle electrical system and jumpstarting said vehicle; said vehicle electrical system being adapted for charging said subsystem battery; said enclosure including top, bottom, front and back faces; said enclosure having opposite side faces and a pair of extensions each located at and extending from a respective side face; said enclosure being adapted for mounting at least partially in a pickup truck bed with said extensions each located on top of a respective side of said bed; an auxiliary subsystem mounted on the inside face of said lid and including a light fixture and a sound system; and a compartmentalized tray movably positioned in said subenclosure and accessible through the open lid thereof. 