Systems and methods according to the exemplary embodiments provide techniques for illuminating airport travel paths, e.g., runways, taxiways, ground vehicle access paths, etc., and to use the illumination to communicate with pilots, aircraft and ground personnel. Different colors of light, which may be generated by lasers, are used in various combinations and in reaction to various inputs.
Claims 1. A method for illuminating a runway to communicate with an airplane comprising: illuminating said runway with light having a first color, said first color indicating that said runway is clear for use; detecting an incursion to said runway; and changing, responsive to said detected incursion, said illumination of said runway to illuminate said runway with light having a second color different from said first color, said second color indicating that said runway is no longer clear for use. 2. The method of claim 1, further comprising: providing a plurality of banks of lasers proximate boundaries of said runway, each of said banks of lasers having at least a first laser for outputting laser light of said first color and a second laser for outputting laser light of said second color. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein said first color is green and said second color is red. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein said step of illuminating further comprises illuminating at least one edge of a runway. 5. The method of claim 1, further comprising reflecting said light using a reflector. 6. The method of claim 2, wherein said banks of lasers are powered by at least one of: an electrical connection to an existing power grid, battery power, solar power, wind power and a generator. 7. The method of claim 1, wherein said step of detecting further comprises: detecting, by way of a sensor, that a vehicle has entered, or is about to enter, said runway. 8. The method of claim 7, wherein said sensor is one of a pressure switch and an optical sensor. 9. The method of claim 1, further comprising illuminating another portion of a travel path for said aircraft, with said light of said first color; and turning off a portion of said illumination of said travel path after said aircraft has traveled through said portion. 10. The method of claim 9, wherein said portion of said illumination of said travel path is turned off either manually or automatically. 11. The method of claim 10, further comprising determining that said aircraft has traveled through said portion of said travel path using at least one of: a pressure switch activated by said aircraft, optical sensing of said aircraft and a radio signal emitted from said aircraft. 12. A method for communication between a control tower and an airplane when voice communications have been lost comprising: illuminating a runway, on which the airplane has been assigned to land, using a light of a first color to communicate that landing on said runway for said airplane is cleared by said control tower; illuminating said runway using lights which flash said first color to communicate that landing on said runway is currently cleared, but clearance may be withdrawn by said control tower; illuminating said runway using lights which flash a second color, different than said first color, to communicate to said airplane that it should stop its approach and try again; and illuminating said runway using lights of said second color, if said control tower wants to instruct said airplane to halt its approach. 13. The method of claim 12, wherein said first color is green and said second color is red. 14. The method of claim 12, wherein said light is generated by lasers. 15. A method for illuminating runways of an airport comprising the steps of: illuminating a first runway with a first color light; illuminating a second runway with a second color light different than said first color light; and illuminating a third runway with a third color light different than said first color and said second color. 16. The method of claim 15 further comprising: communicating to an airplane a color associated with a runway to which it has been assigned to land or take off from. 17. A method for controlling airport ground lighting from an airplane comprising: sending a signal from said airplane; receiving said signal by a device in communication with said airport ground lighting; and turning on a runway's lights in a first color based upon said signal. 18. The method of claim 17, further comprising turning on lights for other travel paths in a second color based upon said signal. 19. A device for detecting runway incursions comprising: a sensing device for detecting said incursions to a travel path in an airport; and a monitoring device in communications with said sensing device for monitoring said sensing device and sending out an alert if said sensing device is triggered. 20. The device of claim 19, wherein said sensing device further comprises: an emitting laser, wherein said emitting laser emits a light beam; and a receiving sensor opposite of said emitting laser which receives said beam. 21. The device of claim 20, wherein said sensing device is triggered when said receiving sensor does not receive said light beam from said emitting laser. 22. The device of claim 19, wherein said alert triggers a change in runway illumination lighting. 23. The device of claim 19, wherein said alert notifies a control tower operator of said runway incursion. 24. The device of claim 19, wherein said sensor is a pressure switch. 25. A method for uniquely identifying aircraft control towers within a predetermined geographical area comprising: assigning a first plurality of identifying colored lights to an aircraft control tower, wherein said light is laser light; and assigning a different plurality of identifying colored lights to each aircraft control tower within said predetermined geographical area, wherein said light is laser light. 26. The method of claim 2, wherein each of said plurality of banks of lasers further include a housing within which said laser light is housed for a predetermined distance after being output from a respective laser. 27. The method of claim 26, wherein said predetermined distance is 6-8 feet. 28. The method of claim 2, wherein if a runway or taxiway that is being illuminated is not level, then said plurality of laser bank can re-collimate and re-direct the laser light. 29. A runway illumination system comprising: a laser illumination unit placed proximate an edge of a runway for generating at least one beam of laser light which travels in a path which is substantially parallel to said edge of said runway; at least one reflector placed proximate said edge of said runway for receiving and redirecting said beam of laser light along another edge of said runway; and a termination device of receiving and terminating said beam of laser light. 30. The runway illumination system of claim 29, wherein said beam of laser light is spaced vertically from ground by a predetermined distance. 31. The runway illumination system of claim 30, wherein said predetermined distance is 1-10 feet. 32. The runway illumination system of claim 31, wherein said predetermined distance is one of: three, four, five and six feet. 33. The runway illumination system of claim 29 further comprising: a redirection mechanism for changing an elevation of said beam of laser light disposed between said laser illumination unit and said termination device. 