An apparatus for the biological treatment of saltwater-based domestic wastewater, the apparatus having an inlet for the introduction of the saltwater-based domestic wastewater, an outlet for the removal of treated wastewater, means for monitoring the salinity level of the saltwater-based domestic wastewater entering or within the apparatus and means for controlling the salinity level of the saltwater-based domestic wastewater entering or within the apparatus such that fluctuations in the salinity level of the saltwater-based domestic wastewater are reduced and the biological treatment of the saltwater-based domestic wastewater is thereby maintained.
Claims 1. Apparatus for biological treatment of saltwater-based domestic wastewater, the apparatus having an inlet for the introduction of the saltwater-based domestic wastewater, an outlet for the removal of treated wastewater, means for monitoring the salinity level of the saltwater-based domestic wastewater entering or within the apparatus and means for controlling the salinity level of the saltwater-based domestic wastewater entering or within the apparatus such that fluctuations in the salinity level of the saltwater-based domestic wastewater are reduced and the biological treatment of the saltwater-based domestic wastewater is thereby maintained, the apparatus being suitable for the maintenance of a marine biological community and the biological treatment being aerobic with aeration using air. 2. Apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the means for controlling the salinity level of the saltwater-based domestic wastewater within the apparatus is capable of reducing fluctuations in salinity level to within 50% of the desired salinity level. 3. Apparatus according to claim 2 wherein the means for controlling the salinity level of the saltwater-based domestic wastewater within the apparatus is capable of reducing fluctuations in the salinity level to within 25% of the desired salinity level. 4. Apparatus according claim 1 wherein the means for controlling the salinity level of the saltwater-based domestic wastewater within the apparatus comprises a supplementary saltwater feed, by which the contents of the apparatus may be maintained at a substantially constant overall volume. 5. Apparatus according to claim 1 having a further inlet for the introduction of domestic wastewater based on freshwater and a component for the mixing of the freshwater-based wastewater and/or the saltwater-based wastewater with salt, saltwater, a concentrated saline solution, a dilute saline solution or freshwater, prior to or on introduction of the freshwater-based wastewater. 6. Apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the means for controlling the salinity level of the saltwater-based domestic wastewater comprises a device for the supply of salt, concentrated saline solution, saltwater, dilute saline solution or freshwater. 7. Apparatus according to claim 6 including an evaporator for the production of the salt or concentrated saline solution from saltwater originating from the same source as that on which the saltwater-based domestic wastewater is based. 8. Apparatus according to claim 7 wherein the evaporator is solar powered. 9. Apparatus according to claim 1 wherein those parts of the apparatus which come into contact with saltwater-based domestic wastewater during normal use are formed from materials substantially resistant to salt and/or water corrosion. 10. Apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the saltwater is seawater. 11. Apparatus according to claim 1 which works on the principle of a submerged, aerated biofilm reactor, an activated sludge reactor, a sequencing batch reactor, a rotating biological contactor or a membrane bioreactor. 12. Apparatus according to claim 1 provided with a marine biological culture. 13. Apparatus according to claim 1 wherein the means for monitoring the salinity level comprises a device for measurement of conductivity. 14. A domestic water supply and sewerage assembly comprising: a first supply conduit for the supply of saltwater to at least one toilet and a corresponding first sewerage conduit for removal of saltwater-based wastewater from the at least one toilet; and a second supply conduit for the supply of freshwater to one or more devices requiring potable water and a corresponding second sewerage conduit for removal of freshwater-based wastewater from those devices, the first and second sewerage conduits being arranged so as to allow the transfer of the saltwater-based wastewater for biological treatment without the salinity level of the saltwater-based wastewater being affected by uncontrolled mixing with the freshwater-based wastewater to such a degree as to significantly affect the biological treatment. 15. An assembly according to claim 14 wherein the first sewerage conduit is arranged for the transfer of the saltwater-based domestic wastewater to an apparatus for biological treatment of saltwater-based domestic wastewater, the apparatus having an inlet for the introduction of the saltwater-based domestic wastewater, an outlet for the removal of treated wastewater, means for monitoring the salinity level of the saltwater-based domestic wastewater entering or within the apparatus and means for controlling the salinity level of the saltwater-based domestic wastewater entering or within the apparatus such that fluctuations in the salinity level of the saltwater-based domestic wastewater are reduced and the biological treatment of the saltwater-based domestic wastewater is thereby maintained, the apparatus being suitable for the maintenance of a marine biological community and the biological treatment being aerobic with aeration using air. 16. An assembly according to claim 14 wherein the second sewerage conduit is arranged so as to allow the transfer of the freshwater-based domestic wastewater to a. separate location to that of the treatment of the saltwater-based domestic wastewater. 17. An assembly according to claim 14 wherein the second sewerage conduit is arranged so as to allow the transfer of the freshwater-based wastewater to the same location as that of the treatment of the saltwater-based wastewater the freshwater-based and saltwater-based wastewaters being mixed at or before reaching the location of biological treatment, and the first and/or second sewerage conduit, or a third common conduit carrying mixed wastewater, communicating, in use, with a supply of salt, saltwater, concentrated saline solution, a dilute saline solution or freshwater, so as to increase or decrease the salinity of the resulting mixed wastewater. 18. An assembly according to any of claims 14 wherein the saltwater is seawater. 19. A method for the biological treatment of domestic wastewater, the wastewater comprising a stream of saltwater-based domestic wastewater from at least one toilet supplied with saltwater and a stream of freshwater-based domestic wastewater from at least one device supplied with freshwater, the method comprising transferring the stream of saltwater-based wastewater for biological treatment in such a manner as to avoid the salinity level of the saltwater-based wastewater being affected by uncontrolled mixing with the stream of freshwater-based wastewater to such a degree as to significantly affect the biological treatment, and biologically treating the resulting saltwater-based or mixed wastewater. 20. A method according to claim 19 wherein the stream of saltwater-based wastewater is transferred, for biological treatment, to a separate location to the stream of freshwater-based wastewater. 21. A method according to claim 19 wherein the stream of freshwater-based wastewater is mixed with the stream of saltwater-based wastewater, salt, saltwater, a concentrated saline solution, a dilute saline solution or freshwater being added to the stream of freshwater-based wastewater and/or the stream of saltwater-based wastewater prior to or during the mixing, or being added to the mixed wastewater following mixing, so as to increase or decrease the salinity of the resulting mixed wastewater, prior to biological treatment. 22. A method according to claim 21 wherein the amount of salt, saltwater, concentrated saline solution, dilute saline solution or freshwater mixed with the freshwater-based wastewater and/or the saltwater-based wastewater, and the amount of the resulting mixture mixed with the saltwater-based wastewater or the freshwater-based wastewater, respectively, is such as to provide a salinity level in the resulting biological treatment mixture of 25 to 150% of the salinity level in the stream of saltwater-based wastewater. 23. A method according to any of claims 19 wherein, during biological treatment of the saltwater-based or mixed wastewater, a supplementary feed of saltwater is provided to maintain the wastewater undergoing treatment at a substantially constant overall volume. 24. A method according to any of claims 19 wherein the salinity of the wastewater prior founder going and/or following treatment is monitored. 25. A method according to any of claims 19 wherein the salinity of the wastewater undergoing treatment is maintained at a relatively constant level by means of the addition of salt or a concentrated saline solution to increase the salinity, or a dilute: saline solution or freshwater to decrease the salinity, or further saltwater to alter the salinity towards the level of the saltwater-based wastewater. 26. A method according to claim 25 wherein the salt or concentrated saline solution is obtained by the partial or complete evaporation of saltwater originating from the same source as that on which the saltwater-based wastewater is based. 27. A method according to claim 26 wherein the evaporation step is solar powered. 28. A method according to any of claims 19 wherein the saltwater is seawater. 29. A method according to any of claims 19 wherein the biological treatment is aerobic biological treatment performed using a submerged aerated biofilm reactor, a sequencing batch reactor, a rotating biological contactor or a membrane bioreactor. 30. A method according to any of claims 19 to wherein the biological treatment is performed using a marine biological culture based on bacteria, protozoa and/or invertebrates. 31. A method according to claim 30 wherein the bacteria are selected from single celled and filamentous heterotrophic bacteria and autotrophic nitrifying bacteria. 32. A method according to claim 30 wherein the protozoa are selected from grazing protozoa, such as ciliated stalked and crawling types. 33. A method according to claim 30 wherein the invertebrates are selected from grazing invertebrates feeding on microorganisms and organic matter, such as meiofauna. 34. A method according to any of claims 19 wherein the biological treatment involves the additional step of the addition of nutrients in order to generate a biological community prior to the introduction of wastewater. 35. A method according to claim 34 wherein the nutrients are in the form of a solution of organic materials. 36. A method according to claim 34 wherein the generation of the biological community takes place at a salinity level substantially the same as that intended to be used for the biological treatment of the saltwater-based wastewater. 37. A method for biological treatment of saltwater-based domestic wastewater by means of a marine biological community, the method comprising introducing the saltwater-based domestic wastewater into an apparatus suitable for the development and/or maintenance of a marine biological treatment community and controlling the salinity level of the wastewater within the apparatus such that fluctuations in salinity level are reduced and the biological treatment of the wastewater is thereby maintained. 