The invention comprises devices and methods for providing operational power to a solar-powered irrigation control system. In one aspect, a method includes producing electrical energy from light, storing the electrical energy in a capacitive module, and operating an irrigation controller using the stored electrical energy independent of another power source. In another aspect, a device includes a control system comprising a computer having a programmed irrigation schedule which operates at least one irrigation device, a photovoltaic power module, and a capacitive module connected to said photovoltaic power module to store the electrical energy provided by the photovoltaic power module, where the capacitive module provides power for the control system to operate the at least one irrigation device independent of another power source.
Claims 1. An irrigation controller, comprising: a power system for providing electrical energy, comprising a photovoltaic power module; and a power storage device comprising a capacitive module connected across said photovoltaic power module, said capacitive module configured to store electrical energy generated by said photovoltaic power module; a control system comprising a communication module configured to receive operational signals; a timing component configured to provide a time signal; and a computer configured to operate at least one irrigation flow device based at least in part on said operational signals and said time signal, wherein electrical energy generated by said photovoltaic device and stored in said capacitive module is used to operate the irrigation controller independent of another power source. 2. The irrigation controller of claim 1, further comprising: a boost module configured to receive electrical energy from the power system at a first voltage level and produce an output voltage at a second voltage level; an actuation module comprising at least one capacitor, said actuation module configured to receive electrical energy from said boost module at the second voltage level to charge said at least one capacitor, said actuation module further configured to provide an output pulse to operate at least one irrigation control device in an irrigation system; 3. The irrigation controller of claim 1, further comprising a voltage regulator configured to receive electrical energy from said power system and provide a regulated voltage output to said computer and said communication module. 4. The irrigation controller of claim 3, wherein said voltage regulator comprises a LDO regulator. 5. The irrigation controller of claim 1, further comprising: a linear voltage regulator configured to receive electrical energy from said power system and provide a regulated voltage output to said computer, and a switching voltage regulator configured to receive electrical energy from said power system and provide a regulated voltage output to said communication module. 6. The irrigation controller of claim 1, wherein said computer comprises a microcontroller. 7. The irrigation controller of claim 1, wherein said timing component comprises a real time clock. 8. The irrigation controller of claim 1, wherein said second voltage level is greater than the first voltage level. 9. The irrigation controller of claim 1, wherein said irrigation control device comprises a solenoid valve. 10. The irrigation controller of claim 1, wherein said capacitive module comprises at least one capacitor connected across the photovoltaic power module. 11. The irrigation controller of claim 1, wherein said capacitive module comprises at least two capacitors connected in series and connected across the photovoltaic power module. 12. The irrigation controller of claim 11, wherein said capacitive module further comprises: a diode connected in parallel with said at least two capacitors; and a cell balancing module connected to each of said at least two capacitors and configured to maintain a consistent voltage across each of said at least capacitors. 13. The irrigation controller of claim 1, wherein said photovoltaic power module comprises a surface area of about 5700 mm.sup.2 or less. 14. The irrigation controller of claim 1, wherein the capacitive module comprises one or more capacitors electrically connected in parallel across said photovoltaic power module. 15. The irrigation controller of claim 1, wherein said computer is further configured to monitor a voltage level of said power storage device and to control operations of said control system based on said monitored voltage level. 16. The irrigation controller of claim 15, wherein controlling operations comprises operating said communication module in a first state when said monitored voltage level exceeds a predetermined voltage level, and operating said communication module in a second state when the voltage level of said power storage device is less than a predetermined voltage level. 17. The irrigation controller of claim 15, wherein controlling operations comprises performing an orderly shutdown procedure of said control system if said monitored voltage level is at a predetermined first voltage level and then falls below said predetermined first voltage level. 18. The irrigation controller of claim 16, wherein said first state comprises an activated state and said second state comprises an off state. 19. The irrigation controller of claim 17, wherein controlling operations comprises performing a startup procedure if the control system is in a shutdown state and the voltage level exceeds a predetermined voltage level. 20. The system of claim 17, wherein the predetermined voltage level for performing an orderly shutdown is about 2.5 volts or less. 21. The system of claim 17, wherein the predetermined voltage level for performing an orderly shutdown is about 2 volts or less. 22. The system of claim 15, wherein the voltage level for operating said communication module in an activated state is about 4.2 volts or more. 23. The irrigation controller of claim 1, wherein the communication module comprises a wireless receiver. 24. The irrigation controller of claim 1, wherein the communication module comprises an interface configured to input operational signals; and an LED screen configured to display operational information related to operational signals input using the one or more controls. 25. The system of claim 1, wherein the output pulse comprises a pulse of between 5 volts and 15 volts. 26. The system of claim 25, where the output pulse comprises a pulse of about 10 volts. 27. A method of operating an irrigation controller to control one or more irrigation devices in an irrigation system, comprising: producing electrical energy from light; storing said electrical energy in a capacitive module; and operating said irrigation controller using said stored electrical energy independent of another power source. 28. The method of claim 27, further comprising: charging a capacitive capable of actuating of an irrigation device using said stored electrical energy; receiving operational signals comprising operational information for operating said irrigation device; receiving timing signals; discharging said capacitor to actuate the irrigation device at a predetermined time based on said operational information and said timing signals. 29. The method of claim 28, wherein receiving operational signals comprises receiving said operational signals over a wireless communication link. 30. The method of claim 27, further comprising: monitoring a voltage level of said capacitive module; and implementing a power saving configuration based on said monitored voltage level. 31. The method of claim 30, wherein said implementing a power saving configuration comprises: de-activating receiving operational signals if said monitored voltage level is below a communication threshold level; activating receiving operational signals if said monitored voltage level is above said communication threshold level; implementing an orderly system shutdown if said monitored voltage level is below a system shutdown threshold, wherein the shutdown comprises shutting all irrigation devices in the irrigation system and configuring the system for a graceful shutdown to a sleep state; and implementing a system startup process if said monitored voltage level is above a system startup threshold. 32. An irrigation controller for controlling at least one irrigation device based on a programmed irrigation schedule, comprising: a control system comprising a microcontroller having a programmed irrigation schedule; a photovoltaic power module providing electrical energy; and a capacitive module connected to said photovoltaic power module and configured to store said electrical energy provided by the photovoltaic power module, wherein said electrical energy provides the power required for said control system to operate at least one irrigation device. 33. The irrigation controller of claim 32, wherein said microcontroller is configured to monitor a voltage level in the irrigation controller and operate the irrigation controller based on the monitored voltage level. 34. The power module of claim 32, wherein said capacitive module comprises: two or more super capacitors; and a cell balancing module connected to each of the two or more super capacitors and configured to maintain a consistent voltage across each of the two or more super capacitors. 35. A device for controlling an irrigation system, comprising: means for producing electrical energy from light; means for storing said electrical energy in a capacitive module; and means for operating said irrigation controller using said stored electrical energy independent of another power source. 36. The system of claim 35, further comprising; means for charging an actuation capacitor for operating a solenoid actuated valve using said electrical energy storing means; means for receiving one or more operational signals using energy stored in the capacitive module; means for providing time information; and means for providing event interrupts, wherein said operating means is configured to use said one or more operational signals, said time information, and said event interrupts to operate said solenoid actuated valve at a predetermined time to control a flow of water in the irrigation system. 37. The system of claim 36, further comprising: means for monitoring a voltage level of the capacitive module; and means for implementing a power saving process based on said monitored voltage level. 38. An irrigation system, comprising: an irrigation controller comprising a power system comprising a photovoltaic power module, and a power storage device comprising a capacitive module connected across said photovoltaic power module, said capacitive module configured to store electrical energy generated by said photovoltaic power module; a control system comprising a communication module configured to receive operational signals, a timing component configured to provide a time signal, and a computer configured to operate at least one irrigation flow device based at least in part on said operational signals and said time signal, wherein electrical energy generated by said photovoltaic device and stored in said capacitive module is used to operate the irrigation controller independent of another power source; and a mobile handset comprising a display and a user interface configured to accept user commands, said handset being configured to communicate operational signals to said irrigation controller to program the operation of said irrigation controller and receive operational information from said irrigation controller. 