A solar roofing system is described that is adapted for managing the flow of water down a roof. The system includes at least one roofing panel adapted for supporting photovoltaic material and at least one splice plate for interconnecting adjacent roofing panels. The roofing panels have a trough adapted for receiving water flowing down the roof and redistributing the water away from the splice plate. Anchoring clips secure roofing panels to the roof and space roofing panels from the roof for improved air circulation beneath the panels. Closure assemblies are used at edges of roofing panels to conceal electrical wiring from photovoltaic material sheets and to close off edge gaps formed by a terraced roofing system.
Claims 1. A roofing panel for supporting photovoltaic material on a roof comprising: a support plate, a riser extending from an upstream edge of the support plate to an end that is elevated above the support plate, a receiving flange extending over the support plate from the end of the riser, the receiving flange including a trough formed therein for receiving water flowing down the roof and distributing the water over the support plate, and a hem formed on a downstream edge of the support plate shaped to engage at least a portion of a receiving flange of an adjacent downstream roofing panel, wherein photovoltaic material of a pre-determined thickness can be disposed over the support plate and an upstream edge of the photovoltaic material can be disposed under the trough. 2. The roofing panel of claim 1 wherein the trough defines at least one weep hole for draining water from the trough. 3. The roofing panel of claim 1 wherein the hem engages a bottom of the trough. 4. The roofing panel of claim 3 wherein the trough defines at least one weep hole for draining water from the trough and the hem defines at least one weep hole for draining water from the hem. 5. The roofing panel of claim 1 wherein photovoltaic material is disposed over the support plate and the upstream edge of the photovoltaic material is disposed under the trough. 6. The roofing panel of claim 5 wherein the photovoltaic material is flexible. 7. The roofing panel of claim 5 wherein an adhesive is disposed between the photovoltaic material and the support plate. 8. A splice plate for interconnecting adjacent roofing panels comprising: a slot housing defining first and second slots in opposing directions for receiving edges of first and second roofing panels, a first apron adjacent the first slot for extending under the first panel, a second apron adjacent the second slot for extending under the second panel, a first tab extending from a downstream edge of the first apron, a second tab extending from a downstream edge of the second apron, wherein each tab is configured to extend into a trough of a downstream roofing panel to allow water to flow away from the splice plate. 9. The splice plate of claim 8 further comprising: a concealing tab extending from a downstream edge of the slot housing for concealing a gap between the troughs of the first and second roofing panels. 10. The splice plate of claim 8 further comprising a first apron extension at an upstream edge of the first apron and a second apron extension at an upstream edge of the second apron, wherein the first and second apron extensions are inclined to prevent water flow off of the first and second aprons in the direction of the first and second apron extensions. 11. A closure assembly for the side of a roofing panel mounted to a roof, the closure assembly comprising: a cover support including an apron with an edge for extending under the roofing panel; a slot housing connected to an opposite edge of the apron, the slot housing defining a slot for receiving an edge of the roofing panel; and a pocket housing disposed above the slot housing and defining a pocket for receiving an edge of a receiving flange of the roofing panel. 12. The closure assembly of claim 11 further comprising a cover for mounting on the cover support, the cover comprising: a hem for engaging the cover mounting flange; a cover box extending away from the hem; and an apron extending from the cover box. 13. The closure assembly of claim 11 further comprising a tab extending from a downstream edge of the apron wherein the tab is configured to extend into a trough of a downstream roofing panel to allow water to flow away from the closure assembly. 14. The closure assembly of claim 11 further comprising an inclined apron extension at an upstream edge of the apron to prevent water flow off of the apron in an upstream direction. 15. The closure assembly of claim 12 wherein the cover conceals electrical wiring of photovoltaic material disposed on the roofing panel. 16. An anchoring clip for securing a roofing panel to a roof, the anchoring clip comprising: a bracket portion comprising a base for attaching to the roof and a support extending from the base, a hem extending from the support, wherein the hem is shaped to engage at least a portion of a receiving flange of the roofing panel, and a spacing element extending from the bracket portion and beneath the hem to space an edge of the roofing panel from the roof to allow air circulation beneath adjacent roofing panels. 17. The anchoring clip of claim 16 wherein the spacing element extends from the base and through an opening in the support. 18. The anchoring clip of claim 16 wherein the spacing element has a distal end that is arranged to contact the roof when the base is attached to the roof. 19. The anchoring clip of claim 16 wherein the hem engages a trough of the roofing panel. 20. The anchoring clip of claim 19 wherein the hem includes a flange that extends into the trough. 