An electroluminescent unit, containing a) an energy source; b) an electronic drive; and c) at least one electroluminescent film in a transparent sheath are useful in illuminated articles, in particular transport containers and items for everyday use.
Claims 1. An electroluminescent unit, comprising: a) an energy source; b) an electronic drive; and c) at least one electroluminescent film in a transparent sheath. 2. The electroluminescent unit according to claim 1, comprising a plurality of electroluminescent films; wherein the shapes of the electroluminescent films are the same or different. 3. The electroluminescent unit according to claim 1, wherein the shape of the electroluminescent film is selected from the group consisting of symbols, geometric shapes, images, written characters or a combination of these shapes. 4. The electroluminescent unit according to claim 1, wherein the electroluminescent film has illuminated colored layers with colors selected from the group consisting of red, yellow, green, blue or a combination of these colors, wherein the colors may be the same or different. 5. The electroluminescent unit according to claim 2, wherein the distances between the electroluminescent films are the same or different. 6. The electroluminescent unit according to claim 1, wherein the energy source is selected from the group consisting of NiCd batteries, NiMH batteries, lithium-ion batteries, photovoltaic cells, or a combination of these energy sources. 7. The electroluminescent unit according to claim 1, wherein the electronic drive comprises an inverter and induction charging unit. 8. The electroluminescent unit according to claim 1, wherein the sheath is a transparent plastic layer. 9. The electroluminescent unit according to claim 1, wherein the sheath is closed on all sides. 10. An electroluminescent unit according to claim 1, wherein the sheath has a rim. 11. An illuminated article, comprising the electroluminescent unit according to claim 1. 12. The illuminated article according to claim 11, which is a transport container or an item for everyday use. 13. The illuminated article according to claim 11, wherein the illuminated article is selected from the group consisting of bags, satchels, sacks, rucksacks, cases, covers, clothing, sports equipment, underwater boards, books, menu cards, programmes, umbrellas, furniture, safety clothing, worktops, machine housings, bodywork, railway partition walls, goods-vehicle casings, tanker wagons, ship hulls, aircraft fuselages, wings, doors and children's toys. 14. The illuminated article according to claim 13, wherein the childrens' toy is selected from the group consisting of model aircraft, model cars, items for model kits, doll's houses, model railways and yoyos. 15. The illuminated article according to claim 11, wherein a material of the illuminated article is sewn, screwed, adhesively bonded, connected by means of Velcro strip, pushed into a tongue and groove connection, plugged in, clamped or welded to the rim of the sheath of the electroluminescent unit. 16. The illuminated article according to claim 11, wherein a material of the illuminated article is selected from the group consisting of wood, leather, glass, metal, plastic, textile fabric, and/or further electroluminescent units, or a combination of these materials. 17. The illuminated article according to claim 16, comprising a textile fabric which is selected from the group consisting of fabric, non-woven, knitted fabrics or a combination of these fabrics. 