A deposition method which deposits a CdS buffer layer on a surface of a solar cell from a process solution including all chemical components of the CdS buffer layer material. CdS is deposited in a deposition chamber by heating the surface of the solar cell absorber to cause the transfer of heat from the solar cell absorber layer to at least a portion of the process solution that is in contact with the surface. Used solution is cooled, and replenished in a solution container and redirected into the deposition chamber.
Claims 1. A method of depositing a buffer layer material from a solution to an exposed surface of a solar cell absorber layer of a workpiece for manufacturing of solar cells, comprising: placing the workpiece in a deposition chamber of a deposition system; flowing at a predetermined rate a flow of a supply solution into and through the deposition chamber and onto the exposed surface of the solar cell absorber layer, wherein the supply solution is maintained at a first temperature before entering the deposition chamber and wherein the supply solution includes all chemical components of the buffer layer material and includes a sulfur source; depositing the buffer layer material on the exposed surface of the solar cell absorber layer in the deposition chamber by heating the absorber layer to a second temperature which is higher than the first temperature, thereby causing the transfer of heat from the solar cell absorber layer to at least a portion of the supply solution that is in contact with the exposed surface, wherein deposition of the buffer layer material transforms the supply solution to a used solution by depleting a predetermined amount of the chemical components in the supply solution, including the sulfur source; flowing the used solution from the deposition chamber to a solution container at another rate that corresponds to the predetermined rate; cooling the used solution to the first temperature; preparing renewed supply solution in the solution container using the used solution cooled to the first temperature; and directing another flow of the supply solution into the deposition chamber to provide further deposition of the buffer layer material using at least some of the renewed supply solution. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the step of preparing the renewed supply solution comprises adding the predetermined amount of the chemicals to the used solution. 3. The method of claim 2, wherein the step of cooling is carried out by a cooler as the used solution is flowed between the deposition chamber and the solution container 4. The method of claim 2, wherein the step of cooling is carried out within the deposition chamber by cooling at least one deposition chamber wall. 5. The method of claim 1 further comprising filtering the used solution to remove particles after the step of depositing the buffer layer material. 6. The method of claim 1, wherein the first temperature is in the range of 15-40 C and the second temperature is in the range of 50-90 C. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein the supply solution that forms the buffer layer material comprises at least one of Cd, Zn and In in addition to the sulfur source. 8. The method of claim 7, wherein the buffer layer material comprises CdS. 9. The method of claim 8, wherein the supply solution is an aqueous CdS deposition bath comprising ammonium hydroxide, thiourea, and a Cd source selected from the group of Cd-chloride, Cd-sulfate and Cd-acetate. 10. The method of claim 1, wherein heating the solar cell absorber layer is performed by one of a resistance heater, a hot liquid jacket and an infrared lamp heater. 11. The method of claim 1, wherein the rest of the supply solution is maintained substantially at the first temperature during transferring heat from the solar cell absorber layer to at least the portion of the solution that is in contact with the exposed surface. 12. The method of claim 1 wherein the predetermined rate is a flow range between 0.1 liter/minute and 10 liters/minute. 13. A process of depositing a buffer layer material from a solution to an exposed surface of a solar cell absorber layer of a continuous flexible workpiece for manufacturing solar cells as the flexible workpiece is advanced through a roll-to-roll system comprising a deposition chamber,, the process comprising: moving sections of the flexible workpiece that together result in the continuous flexible workpiece into and through the deposition chamber at a predetermined moving rate by feeding previously unrolled sections of the continuous flexible workpiece from a supply roll, wherein the sections of the continuous flexible workpiece each include a corresponding section of the solar cell absorber layer having an exposed surface section; flowing at a predetermined rate a flow of a supply solution into the deposition chamber and onto the exposed surface of the solar cell absorber layer, wherein the supply solution is maintained at a first temperature before entering the deposition chamber and wherein the supply solution includes all chemical components of the buffer layer material and includes a sulfur source; depositing the buffer layer material on the exposed surface of the solar cell absorber layer in the deposition chamber by heating the absorber layer to a second temperature which is higher than the first temperature, thereby causing the transfer of heat from the solar cell absorber layer to at least a portion of the supply solution that is in contact with the exposed surface, wherein deposition of the buffer layer material transforms the supply solution to a used solution by depleting a predetermined amount of the chemical components in the supply solution including the sulfur source; flowing the used solution from the deposition chamber to a solution container at another rate that corresponds to the predetermined rate; cooling the used solution to the first temperature; preparing renewed supply solution in the solution container using the used solution cooled to the first temperature; directing another flow of the supply solution into the deposition chamber to provide further deposition of the buffer layer material using at least some of the renewed supply solution; and taking up the sections of the flexible workpiece from the buffer layer deposition chamber and wrapping up around a receiving roll at the predetermined moving rate. 14. The method of claim 13, wherein the heat is applied to the section of the solar cell absorber layer from a heater placed across from the exposed surface section. 15. The method of claim 13, wherein the step of preparing the renewed supply solution comprises adding the predetermined amount of the chemicals to the used solution. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein the step of cooling is carried out by a cooler as the used solution is flowed between the deposition chamber and the solution container 17. The method of claim 15, wherein the step of cooling is carried out within the deposition chamber by cooling at least one deposition chamber wall. 18. The method of claim 13 further comprising filtering the used solution to remove particles after the step of depositing the buffer layer material. 19. The method of claim 13, wherein the first temperature is in the range of 15-40 C and the second temperature is in the range of 50-90 C. 20. The method of claim 19, wherein the supply solution that forms the buffer layer material comprises at least one of Cd, Zn and In in addition to the sulfur source. 21. The method of claim 20, wherein the supply solution is an aqueous CdS deposition bath comprising ammonium hydroxide, thiourea, and a Cd source selected from the group of Cd-chloride, Cd-sulfate and Cd-acetate. 22. The method of claim 19 wherein the predetermined rate is a flow range between 0.1 liter/minute and 10 liters/minute. 23. The method of claim 22 wherein the predetermined moving rate is a range between 100 cm/minute-100 cm/minute. 24. The method of claim 12, wherein heating the solar cell absorber layer is performed by one of a resistance heater, a hot liquid jacket and an infrared lamp heater. 25. A system for depositing a buffer layer material from a process solution onto an exposed surface of a solar cell absorber layer formed on a continuous flexible workpiece to manufacture solar cells as the continuous flexible workpiece is advanced through the system, the system comprising: a deposition unit comprising a chamber to deposit the buffer layer material onto an exposed surface section of each absorber layer section, as absorber layer sections that together form the continuous flexible workpiece are moved through the chamber, the chamber comprising: a solution inlet to flow the process solution into the chamber and onto the exposed surface section at a predetermined rate, wherein the process solution is maintained at a first temperature and wherein the solution includes a sulfur source, a heating mechanism to heat each absorber layer section to a second temperature, wherein the heat is transferred from the absorber layer section to a portion of the process solution that is in contact with the exposed surface section to cause deposition of the buffer layer material onto the exposed surface section from the portion of the process solution, wherein deposition of the buffer layer material transforms the supply solution to a used solution by depleting a predetermined amount of the chemical components in the supply solution, a solution outlet to flow the used process solution out of the chamber at another rate that substantially corresponds to the predetermined rate, and a cooling mechanism to cool the used process solution flowing; a solution container connected to the solution inlet and solution outlet by solution conduits, wherein the used process solution received from the solution outlet is replenished in the solution container and redirected into the chamber through the solution inlet as the process solution; and a moving assembly of the system to hold and linearly move the flexible workpiece through the deposition chamber, wherein the moving assembly comprises a feed spool to unwrap and feed unprocessed sections of the continuous flexible workpiece into the system and a take-up spool to receive processed portions and wrap the sections therearound. 26. The system of claim 25, wherein the deposition unit further comprising a solution monitor that allows for the process solution within the solution container to be reformulated, including having reformulated sulfide compound therein. 27. The system of claim 25 further comprising a filter placed between the solution outlet and the solution container to filter the used solution to remove particles after depositing the buffer layer material. 28. The system of claim 25, further comprising an analyzer located between the solution outlet and the solution container to analyze the used solution to determine the amount of depleted components. 29. The system of claim 25, wherein the first temperature is in the range of 15-40 C and the second temperature is in the range of 50-90 C. 30. The system of claim 25, wherein the buffer layer material comprises a sulfide compound having at least one of Cd, Zn and In. 31. The system of claim 30, wherein the sulfide compound comprises CdS. 32. The system of claim 25, wherein heating the absorber layer is performed by one of a resistance heater, a hot liquid jacket and an infrared lamp heater. 33. The system of claim 25, wherein the cooling mechanism is located between the solution outlet and the solution container. 