The invention relates to a regenerative energy system comprising a first energy producer and a second energy producer. The object of the invention is to improve the environmental compatibility of electrical island networks. There is disclosed a regenerative energy system comprising a first energy producer whose energy production is dependent on the weather and/or the position of the sun, wherein the first energy producer has a generator, by means of which electrical energy is produced, which is fed into an electrical network to which a plurality of consumers are connected, and a second energy producer which has a generator and an internal combustion engine connected thereto, wherein the second energy producer has a tank with fuel which when required can be fed to the internal combustion engine, wherein an installation is adapted to produce the fuel from renewable raw materials and the fuel production installation takes electrical energy for operation thereof from the first energy producer in particular when the first energy producer can produce more electrical energy than the consumers connected to the network consume and/or there is an energy demand from the network to the first energy producer system, which allows the feed of energy to a second energy producer.
Claims 1. A regenerative energy system comprising: a first energy producer whose energy production is dependent on the weather and/or the position of the sun, wherein the first energy producer has a generator, by means of which electrical energy is produced, which is fed into an electrical network to which a plurality of consumers are connected, and a second energy producer which has a generator and an internal combustion engine connected thereto, wherein the second energy producer has a tank with fuel which when required can be fed to the internal combustion engine, wherein an installation is adapted to produce the fuel from renewable raw materials and the fuel production installation takes electrical energy for operation thereof from the first energy producer in particular when the first energy producer can produce more electrical energy than the consumers connected to the network consume and/or there is an energy demand from the network to the first energy producer system, which allows the feed of energy to the second energy producer, wherein the installation for producing fuel from renewable raw materials is an fuel production mill which manufactures the fuel from agricultural material. 2. A regenerative energy system according to claim 1 wherein fuel is fed to the second internal combustion engine and electrical energy is fed into the network when the first energy producer produces less electrical energy than is consumed in the network. 3. A regenerative energy system according to claim 1 wherein the first energy producer is an individual wind power installation or a wind park and/or a photovoltaic installation. 4. A regenerative energy system according to claim 1 wherein the installation for producing fuel from renewable raw materials is a rape oil mill which manufactures the rape oil and/or waste from raw material. 5. A regenerative energy system according to claim 4 wherein the oil obtained, prior to being fed to the internal combustion engine, passes through a cleaning stage and is mixed with methanol in order to obtain from the oil methyl ester which is stored in a tank. 6. A regenerative energy system according to claim 4 wherein the waste is fed to a biogas installation which processes the waste and produces biogas therefrom and the biogas produced is fed alone or optionally together with the oil or biodiesel together to an internal combustion engine which can also drive a generator connected thereto. 7. A regenerative energy system according to claim 4 wherein the renewable raw materials include rape, hemp, sunflowers and/or linseed. 8. A regenerative energy system according to claim 1 wherein the second energy producer has a rated power output which is in the region of 10 to 40% of the rated power output of the first energy producer, preferably in the region of 20 to 35% of the rated power output of the first energy producer. 9. A regenerative energy system according to claim 1 wherein the rated power output of the first energy producer is in the region of 50 to 250 MW, preferably in the region of 80 to 150 MW. 10. A regenerative energy system according to claim 1 wherein there is provided a control device which controls and also monitors the individual subsystems of the regenerative energy system, and in particular also monitors the consumption at the electrical network, and in dependence on monitoring of the consumption in the network and the energy produced controls the individual subsystems, in particular in such a way that as much as possible of the energy which can be produced by the first producer can be used for the entire system. 11. An electrical island network having a regenerative energy system according to claim 1 on the producer side. 12. A regenerative energy system comprising: a first energy producer whose energy production is dependent on the weather and/or the position of the sun, wherein the first energy producer has a generator, by means of which electrical energy is produced, which is fed into an electrical network to which a plurality of consumers are connected, and a second energy producer which has a generator and an internal combustion engine connected thereto, wherein the second energy producer has a tank with fuel which when required can be fed to the internal combustion engine, wherein an installation is adapted to produce the fuel from renewable raw materials and said fuel production installation is electrically directly connected to the first energy producer, wherein the connection is preferably given to a DC voltage intermediate circuit of the energy system and/or a part of the first energy producer in which there is an AC voltage at the output side, and that the fuel production installation takes electrical energy for operation thereof from the first energy producer in particular when a) the current power of the first energy producer exceeds a given value, for example more than 60-80% of the rated power output of the first energy producer and/or b) the first energy producer can produce more electrical energy than the consumers connected to the network consume and/or c) the fuel in the tank of the second energy producer falls below a given filling level, for example less than 20% of the reference filling level and/or d) the second energy producer has a given consumption of fuel, for example X liters per hour. 13. (canceled) 