A portable computer includes a base unit with a motherboard secured thereto, a display unit pivotably attached to the base unit and having a recessed portion formed in an outer surface thereof, a solar cell module accommodated in the recessed portion, and a latching device installed on the display unit. Positive and negative first contacts are set in the recessed portion and electrically connected with the motherboard. The solar cell module includes a solar panel for converting solar energy to electricity. Positive and negative second contacts are set on the solar cell module and electrically connected with the solar panel. The second contacts are electrically connected with the corresponding first contacts to transmit electricity to the motherboard. A notch is defined in the solar cell module. The latching device includes a latching portion engaging in the notch, thereby securing the solar cell module to the display unit.
Claims 1. A portable computer comprising: a base unit with a motherboard secured thereto; a display unit pivotably attached to the base unit, a recessed portion being formed in an outer surface of the display unit, positive and negative first contacts being set in the recessed portion and electrically connected with the motherboard; a solar cell module accommodated in the recessed portion, and comprising a solar panel configured for converting solar energy to electricity, positive and negative second contacts being set on the solar cell module and electrically connected with the solar panel, the two second contacts being electrically connected with the two corresponding first contacts to be adapted to transmit electricity to the motherboard, the solar cell module defining a notch therein; and a latching device slidably installed on the display unit, and comprising a latching portion engaging in the notch of the solar cell module, thereby securing the solar cell module to the display unit. 2. The portable computer as described in claim 1, wherein the latching device further comprises a latching member with the latching portion protruding therefrom and a resilient member configured for urging the latching portion of the latching member to be engaged in the notch of the solar cell module. 3. The portable computer as described in claim 2, wherein the resilient member is received in a receiving space between the latching member and the outer surface of the display unit. 4. The portable computer as described in claim 3, wherein a first mounting hole is defined in the outer surface of the display unit, a second mounting hole is defined in the latching member, and a first pin and a second pin respectively extend from the resilient member and are installed into the first mounting hole and the second mounting hole. 5. The portable computer as described in claim 4, wherein a first receiving hole is defined in the outer surface of the display unit, a second receiving hole is defined in the latching member, and the receiving space is defined by the first receiving hole and the second receiving hole together. 6. The portable computer as described in claim 5, wherein two elongated sliding grooves are respectively defined in the outer surface of the display unit, and two sliding tabs protrude from the latching member and respectively slidably engage in the sliding grooves. 7. The portable computer as described in claim 6, wherein a holding opening is defined in the outer surface of the display unit communicating with the recessed portion, the first receiving hole and first mounting hole are defined in a bottom surface of the holding opening, and the two sliding grooves are respectively defined in two opposite lateral sides of the holding opening and extend along an extending direction of the first receiving hole. 8. The portable computer as described in claim 1, wherein a plurality of inserting holes is defined in a side of the recessed portion, and a plurality of tabs protrudes from a corresponding side of the solar cell module and respectively insert into the inserting holes of the recessed portion. 9. The portable computer as described in claim 8, wherein two cavities are defined in an opposite side of the solar cell module, the notch is defined in the opposite side of the solar cell module, and two aligning blocks protrude from an opposite side of the recessed portion and are respectively received in the cavities of the solar cell module. 10. The portable computer as described in claim 1, wherein two handles respectively protrude from opposite ends of the solar cell module. 11. The portable computer as described in claim 1, wherein a rechargeable battery is secured in the base unit and electrically connected with the motherboard such that the rechargeable battery is capable of being recharged by the solar cell module. 12. A portable computer comprising: a base unit; a display unit pivotably attached to the base unit, positive and negative first contacts being set on an outer surface of the display unit and electrically connected with the base unit; a solar cell module comprising a solar panel configured for converting solar energy to electricity, positive and negative second contacts being set on the solar cell module and electrically connected with the solar panel, the two second contacts being electrically connected with the two corresponding first contacts to be adapted to transmit electricity to supply the portable computer, a notch being defined in one of the display unit and the solar cell module; and a latching member slidably installed to the other one of the display unit and the solar cell module, and comprising a latching portion capable of engaging in and withdrawing from the notch. 13. The portable computer as described in claim 12, wherein a recessed portion is formed in the outer surface of the display unit, the solar cell module is accommodated in the recessed portion. 14. The portable computer as described in claim 12, further comprising a resilient member configured for urging the latching portion of the latching member to engage in the notch. 