A real-time monitor system including at least one public facility, a second wireless transceiver, and a control center is provided. The public facility includes a power generator, a load, a signal generator, and a first wireless transceiver. An initial power provided by the power generator drives the load. The signal generator determines whether or not to output a condition signal and a positioning signal according to whether the load is driven. Then, the condition signal and the positioning signal are emitted to the second wireless transceiver by the first wireless transceiver. Therefore, the control center determines the service condition of the public facility according to the information of the condition signal or whether the condition signal is received, and determines the position of the public facility according to the positioning signal.
Claims 1. A real-time monitor system, comprising: at least one public facility, comprising: a power generator, for providing an initial power; a load, driven by the initial power; a signal generator, determining whether or not to output a condition signal and a positioning signal according to whether the load is driven; and a first wireless transceiver, for emitting the condition signal and the positioning signal; a second wireless transceiver, for receiving the condition signal and the positioning signal; and a control center, coupled to the second wireless transceiver, determining a use condition of the public facility according to the condition signal or the positioning signal, and determining the position of the public facility according to the positioning signal. 2. The real-time monitor system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the condition signal comprises a warning information or a loss information, and the public facility further comprises: a condition detector, for detecting a characteristic parameter of the load and the power generator, and generating a load using information and a power generating information according to the characteristic parameter, wherein the signal generator compares the load using information and the power using information respectively with a normal value, and generates the warning information or the loss information according to the comparison result. 3. The real-time monitor system as claimed in claim 2, wherein when the load using information or the power generating information is smaller than the corresponding normal value, the signal generator generates the warning information, otherwise, the signal generator generates the loss information. 4. The real-time monitor system as claimed in claim 2, wherein the characteristic parameter comprises current, voltage, and temperature. 5. The real-time monitor system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the public facility further comprises: a power management apparatus, for converting the initial power into a display voltage, wherein the display voltage is used to drive the load. 6. The real-time monitor system as claimed in claim 5, wherein the condition signal comprises a warning information or a loss information, and the public facility further comprises: a condition detector, for detecting a characteristic parameter of the load, the power generator, and the power management apparatus, and generating a load using information, a power generating information, and a power management information according to the characteristic parameter, wherein the signal generator compares the load using information, the power using information, and the power management information respectively with a normal value, and generates the warning information or the loss information according to the comparison result. 7. The real-time monitor system as claimed in claim 6, wherein when one of the load using information, the power generating information, and the power management information is smaller than the corresponding normal value, the signal generator generates the warning information, otherwise, the signal generator generates the loss information. 8. The real-time monitor system as claimed in claim 6, wherein the characteristic parameter comprises current, voltage, and temperature. 9. The real-time monitor system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the public facility further comprises: a power management apparatus, for converting the initial power into a display voltage and an energy storage voltage, wherein the load is driven according to the display voltage; and an energy storage apparatus, for storing the power provided by the power generator according to the energy storage voltage. 10. The real-time monitor system as claimed in claim 9, wherein the condition signal comprises a warning information or a loss information, and the public facility further comprises: a condition detector, for detecting a characteristic parameter of the load, the power generator, the power management apparatus, and the energy storage apparatus, and generating a load using information, a power generating information, a power management information, and an energy storage information according to the characteristic parameter, wherein the signal generator compares the load using information, the power using information, the power management information, and the energy storage information respectively with a normal value, and generates the warning information or the loss information according to the comparison result. 11. The real-time monitor system as claimed in claim 9, wherein when one of the load using information, the power generating information, the power management information, and the energy storage information is smaller than the corresponding normal value, the signal generator generates the warning information, otherwise, the signal generator generates the loss information. 12. The real-time monitor system as claimed in claim 9, wherein the characteristic parameter comprises current, voltage, and temperature. 13. The real-time monitor system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the signal generator comprises: a global positioning system receiver, acquiring longitude and latitude coordinates of the public facility through a satellite signal of the global positioning system, so as to generate the positioning signal accordingly. 14. The real-time monitor system as claimed in claim 13, wherein the global positioning system comprises a Euro Galileo system or a Russia global orbiting navigation satellite system (GLONSS). 15. The real-time monitor system as claimed in claim 1, the power generator comprises: a multi-layer substrate, having a first layer and a second layer; a solar panel, disposed on the first layer; an auxiliary positioning system receiver, disposed on the second layer and driven by the power provided by the solar panel, and used to acquire the longitude and latitude coordinates of the public facility to generate an auxiliary positioning signal accordingly; and an antenna, disposed on the first layer, for emitting the auxiliary positioning signal to the second wireless transceiver, wherein the control center determines the position of the public facility according to the auxiliary positioning signal received by the second wireless transceiver. 16. The real-time monitor system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the public facility comprises a traffic light or a street lamp. 17. The real-time monitor system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the load is a light emitting diode. 