Methods and apparatus for global wireless sensor network architecture and protocol for remote supervision, asset control and operational management based on localized clusters of autonomous sensor/supervision/operational sensor nodes capable of ad hoc interconnection with nearby nodes and connection to gateway nodes with increased network functionality. These localized cluster nodes send data to gateway nodes either directly or through multi-hop transactions. The gateway nodes are, in turn, connected to other gateway nodes and operations control centers either through wireless or wired data communications links. Utilizing the Internet for long range interconnectivity, the network is scaleable to a global level. The resulting network is based on an ad hoc mesh topology to allow flexibility in network modification and expansion and is comprised of a tiered structure defined by increasing functionality. A current application for this technology is the remote control and supervision of lighting systems for facilities and municipalities on a local, national and/or global basis from centralized regional operations centers.
Claims 1. A scaleable wireless sensor network comprising: a plurality of multi-waveform sensor nodes that include wireless radio and sensors to detect and track events; at least one wireless local area network using at least one of a commercial and a proprietary ad hoc link and routing protocol that operationally connects said plurality of sensor nodes automatically; a gateway node operationally connected to said at least one wireless local area network; an operations center connected to said gateway node using at least one standard wide area network protocol; and a sensor node manager connected to said operations center using at least one standard wide area network protocol. 2. The network of claim 1, wherein said plurality of sensor node types comprises at least one selected from the group consisting of temperature sensor, pressure sensor, humidity sensor, wind speed sensor, voltage sensor, current sensor, lighting sensor, chemical sensor, biological sensor, radiological sensor, explosive sensor, acoustic sensor, magnetic sensor, seismic sensor, micro-radar motion sensor, and imaging sensor. 3. The network of claim 1, wherein each node is powered by at least one power source selected from the group consisting of AC power or DC power wherein the DC power source may be battery, solar or fuel cell or any other source of DC power. 4. A sensor node manager for at least one network of sensors supervised at a Network Operations Center comprising: at least one wireless local area network (WLAN) node cluster for each network of sensors; at least one server means for managing each said WLAN node cluster; at least one database for storing data related to each said WLAN node cluster; security means for handling encryption and key distribution related to each said WLAN node cluster; software means for processing and controlling information specific to each WLAN node cluster and for insuring reliable operation of the at least one network; and interface means for enabling communications between the sensor node manager and the Network Operations Center. 5. The manager of claim 4 wherein each said server means provides Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol for Internet Protocol address assignment, Simple Network Management Protocol for device control, and security through an Electronic Key Management System and further allocates network bandwidth for each said cluster. 6. The node manager of claim 4 wherein said interface is a standard XML interface. 7. A method for managing a system of multi-waveform sensor nodes located in multiple, geographically separated WLAN clusters incorporating gateway nodes wherein the clusters communicate through RF links and some nodes are stationary while other nodes are mobile comprising: performing site planning to determine the optimum location of gateway nodes for each WLAN cluster based on signal strength of RF links and traffic profiles; optimizing operation of each WLAN cluster by linking the WLAN clusters together, supervising traffic between them and reconfiguring them, as needed; supervising each WLAN cluster to insure reliable operation of nodes located therein; determining node location for nodes within each WLAN cluster by using a geolocation algorithm; and configuring and reconfiguring nodes within each WLAN using a specified combination of identified waveforms. 8. The method of claim 7 wherein configuring and reconfiguring further comprises changing a channel waveform, further changing the operating parameters of a channel, monitoring channel performance and turning a channel on or off without affecting the operation of other waveforms. 9. The method of claim 7 wherein interference between nodes is minimized through power control. 10. The method of claim 7 wherein Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) is used for record-keeping, fault reporting, diagnostics, application download and configuration. 11. The method of claim 7 wherein security is maintained by implementation of Internet security standards for authorization and authentication, by adoption of AES encryption standards and by private key management and distribution. 12. The method of claim 7 wherein optimizing further comprises employing WLAN node RF link signal level and traffic profile information for designing the network by changing the location of the gateway nodes, node RF link connections, node waveform, node RF spectrum and node RF power levels. 13. The method of claim 7 wherein supervising further comprises enabling an operator of the system to drill down visually from the network level to the node level by means of multiple displays made available to the operator. 14. The method of claim 7 further comprising over-the-air programming of nodes within a WLAN cluster. 15. The method of claim 7 further comprising over-the-air rekeying of nodes within a WLAN cluster. 16. The method of claim 7 wherein the geolocation algorithm is based on received signal strength or time of arrival from neighbor nodes to determine the relative location of a mobile node. 