Mobile or portable apparatus for preparing beverages comprising a module for delivering a beverage by supplying a pressurized liquid, a liquid feed tank of sufficient capacity for supplying the module with several volumes of liquid for supplying more than one beverage, gas pressurizing means suitable for supplying the module with pressurized liquid, a liquid feed chamber, of which the capacity is several times smaller than the capacity of the tank, said chamber being arranged, in a module feeding configuration, to communicate with the gas pressurizing means in order to pressurize the liquid in the chamber and to inject pressurized liquid into the module and thereby permit the delivery of the liquid through the module.
Claims 1-31. (canceled) 32. Apparatus for preparing beverages, comprising: a module for delivering a beverage by supplying a pressurized liquid; pressurizing means suitable for supplying the module with pressurized liquid; and heating means for heating the liquid supplied to the module, the heating means comprising a combustion heating means. 33. The apparatus of claim 32, wherein the combustion heating means comprises a burner. 34. The apparatus of claim 32, wherein the burner comprises combustion heating means selected from the group consisting of solid, liquid and gaseous type. 35. The apparatus of claim 32, wherein the burner can use fuel selected from the group consisting of a solid, gaseous and liquid fuel. 36. The apparatus of claim 32, comprising gas means for supplying the burner with pressurized gas via a pressure reducer. 37. The apparatus of claim 32, wherein the burner is arranged to heat a liquid to an extraction temperature. 38. The apparatus of claim 32, which comprises a feed line for transporting a liquid to an extraction module, the burner being mounted along the feed line. 39. The apparatus of claim 32, which is non electric. 40. The apparatus of claim 32, which is electric. 41. The apparatus of claim 32, comprising an electric circuit including at least one of a controller, a control panel, a monitoring diode and a timer. 42. The apparatus of claim 32, which includes an electric energy supply supplied by an energy source selected from the group consisting of a battery, and a solar electric energy supply. 43. The apparatus of claim 32, which comprises a liquid feed tank of sufficient capacity for supplying the module with several volumes of liquid for repeatedly supplying more than one beverage. 44. The apparatus of claim 32, which comprises a liquid feed chamber, of which the capacity is several times smaller than the capacity of a liquid feed tank, the chamber being arranged, in a filling configuration, to communicate with the tank in order to be filled with liquid, the chamber being arranged, in a module feeding configuration, to communicate with the pressurizing means in order to pressurize the liquid in the chamber and to inject pressurized liquid into the module and thereby permit delivery of the liquid through the module, wherein the pressurizing means comprises at least one autonomous reserve of pressurized gas, and wherein in the module feeding configuration, the gas enters into direct contact with the liquid present in the chamber while the tank remains isolated from the pressure with respect to the chamber, so that the liquid present in the tank is not subjected to the gas pressure exerted in the chamber. 45. The apparatus of claim 44, wherein the combustion heating means comprises a burner, the gas pressuring means being arranged to supply the burner with gas by bypassed feeding means and via a pressure reducer. 46. The apparatus of claim 32, wherein the module is an extraction module suitable for receiving a portion of a food substance for the preparation of a beverage by supplying a pressurized liquid from the chamber through said substance. 47. The apparatus of claim 46, wherein the extraction module is arranged for receiving a prepacked portion of a capsule or bag type. 48. The apparatus of claim 47, wherein the extraction module comprises closure means for firmly maintaining a capsule. 