A solar-powered grill is assembled from a kit which includes a set of generally flat, foldable components, made of an inexpensive material such as cardboard. The grill includes a flexible, reflective sheet, held by a bottom piece and a pair of side panels, to define a generally parabolic curvature. The side panels define slots for mounting a food item in a region into which sunlight will be focused by the reflective sheet. A pair of tabs forms an aiming device, to insure correct orientation of the body of the grill. The orientation may be altered by placement of the body in a different position on a separate base, or by adjusting the height of one end of the base. The grill may be quickly assembled, without the need for tools, and may be discarded after a single use, or may be disassembled for later re-use.
Claims 1. A solar-powered grill, comprising: a) a body, the body comprising means for supporting a reflective surface, the body including a pair of spaced-apart side panels, the side panels including means for imparting a curvature to the reflective surface, the curvature being sufficient to focus incoming light onto a selected region, the side panels comprising means for mounting a food item within said selected region, and b) a base, the base being distinct from the body, wherein the body rests on the base. 2. The solar-powered grill of claim 1, wherein the supporting means comprises a bottom piece, the bottom piece being attached to the side panels. 3. The solar-powered grill of claim 2, wherein the bottom piece includes a plurality of tabs which are inserted into slots formed in the side panels. 4. The solar-powered grill of claim 1, wherein the reflective surface is provided as a separate flexible sheet, wherein each of the side panels includes a flap having a curved edge, the flap being folded over the side panel so as to contact the sheet, and to impart a shape of said curved edge to said sheet. 5. The solar-powered grill of claim 1, wherein the side panels include edges having serrations, and wherein the body rests on the base such that the serrations engage the base and prevent movement of the body. 6. The solar-powered grill of claim 1, wherein the base includes an end flap which comprises means for adjusting a vertical position of an end of the base. 7. The solar-powered grill of claim 1, further comprising a drip tray, the drip tray being inserted into a glare shield, the glare shield being suspended from the side panels, wherein the drip tray is positioned to receive drippings from a food item located in said selected region. 8. The solar-powered grill of claim 1, further comprising an aiming device, the aiming device comprising first and second spaced-apart tabs affixed to the grill. 9. The solar-powered grill of claim 8, wherein the first tab includes a pinhole positioned to direct light impinging on the first tab onto said second tab. 10. The solar-powered grill of claim 1, further comprising an aiming device, the aiming device comprising a tab which is affixed to the grill. 11. A solar-powered grill, comprising: a) a body, the body comprising a bottom piece, a reflective sheet of material supported by the bottom piece, and a pair of spaced-apart side panels, the side panels including foldable flaps having generally parabolic edges, the flaps being folded over to impart a parabolic curvature to the reflective sheet, the side panels also including slots for mounting a food item, and b) a base, wherein the body rests on the base. 12. The solar-powered grill of claim 11, wherein the bottom piece includes a plurality of tabs which are inserted into slots formed in the side panels. 13. The solar-powered grill of claim 12, wherein the body and the base are distinct components, wherein the side panels include edges having serrations, and wherein the body rests on the base such that the serrations engage the base and prevent movement of the body. 14. The solar-powered grill of claim 13, wherein the base includes an end flap which comprises means for adjusting a vertical position of an end of the base. 15. The solar-powered grill of claim 11, further comprising a drip tray, the drip tray being inserted into a glare shield, the glare shield being suspended from the side panels. 16. The solar-powered grill of claim 11, further comprising an aiming device, the aiming device comprising first and second spaced-apart tabs formed in at least one of the side panels, wherein the first tab includes a pinhole positioned to direct light impinging on the first tab onto said second tab. 17. A kit for making a solar-powered grill, the kit comprising: a) a bottom piece defining a generally rectangular area, b) a sheet of reflective material, the sheet being sized to coincide generally with said rectangular area of the bottom piece, c) a pair of side panels, each side panel including an edge having a generally parabolic shape and a flap, the flap also having an edge with a generally parabolic shape, the side panels being sized such that an edge of the side panels has a length which generally coincides with a length of the bottom piece, and d) a base. 18. The kit of claim 17, further comprising a drip tray and a glare shield, the glare shield defining a pair of closed slots, the drip tray including hooked portions for engaging said closed slots, the glare shield also including a pair of open slots for engagement of the glare shield with the side panels. 19. The kit of claim 18, wherein the edge of the side panel is serrated. 20. The kit of claim 17, wherein each side panel includes a plurality of slots disposed in a vicinity of the edge of the side panel, wherein the bottom piece defines a plurality of tabs, and wherein the tabs are sized to fit into the slots of the side panels. 21. The kit of claim 17, wherein the base is foldable into a structure having a generally trapezoidal cross-section. 22. The kit of claim 21, wherein the base includes a pair of end flaps. 23. The kit of claim 17, wherein all of the elements of the kit are generally flat structures, made of a foldable material. 24. The kit of claim 17, wherein at least one of the side panels includes a pair of spaced-apart tabs. 25. The kit of claim 24, wherein one of said spaced-apart tabs has a pinhole. 26. A method of assembling a solar-powered grill from a kit, the method comprising: a) attaching a pair of side panels to a bottom piece, such that the side panels are attached near edges of the bottom piece, the side panels including foldable flaps, b) placing a reflective sheet over the bottom piece, and c) folding the flaps over the side panels so as to press the reflective sheet against the bottom piece, so as to form a grill body. 27. The method of claim 26, further comprising providing a food item impaled on a stick, and mounting the stick in slots formed in side panels, wherein the food item is positioned to receive light reflected and focused by said reflective sheet. 28. The method of claim 26, further comprising resting the body on a base, the body and the base being distinct elements. 29. The method of claim 28, wherein the resting step includes choosing an orientation of the body relative to the base, and placing the body on the base in a chosen orientation. 30. The method of claim 29, wherein the body includes an aiming device, and wherein the step of placing the body on the base is performed while monitoring the aiming device to insure that the body is oriented so as to focus sunlight onto the food item. 31. The method of claim 30, wherein the aiming device includes first and second tabs, attached to the grill, wherein the first tab has a pinhole which permits light to pass through to the second tab, and wherein the monitoring step comprises adjusting an orientation of the body such that light passing through the first tab forms a spot on the second tab. 32. The method of claim 28, further comprising adjusting a height of one end of the base. 