A converter circuit providing multiple current bypass routes between the output leads to provide reliability in a series connection of several converters. If the converter malfunctions due to component failure, the current bypass routes provide a path for the current that views the malfunctioning converter as substantially a short. Diodes prevent backflow into the power source connected to the converter. Redundancy is provided in the bypass portions of the converter circuit that provides alternate parallel paths in case a defective component in one of the paths opens the circuit along that path. In one example, the converter is implemented as a buck plus boost converter where either the buck or the boost portion or both are operative responsive to a controller controlling the switches of both portions. Most of the converter circuit may be implemented in an integrated circuit.
Claims 1. A distributed power harvesting system comprising: a plurality of power sources each providing DC power; a plurality of converters, each converter comprising: input terminals receiving input voltage from, and coupled to, a respective power source from the plurality of power sources; output terminals for providing an output voltage; circuitry receiving and converting the input voltage to the output voltage; and at least one bypass path providing a path bypassing at least part of the circuitry. 2. The distributed power harvesting system of claim 1, wherein the circuitry comprises: a buck portion providing a stepped down output voltage; a boost portion providing a stepped up output voltage; and a controller selectively engaging the buck portion or the boost portion or both. 3. The distributed power harvesting system of claim 2, further comprising: a plurality of maximum power point tracking circuits, each coupled to a respective power source for tracking power input from the respective power source; and wherein at each of the converters, the controller selectively engages the buck portion or the boost portion or both in response to signal from the maximum power point tracking circuit. 4. The distributed power harvesting system of claim 2, wherein the bypass path circumvents the buck portion and the boost portion. 5. The distributed power harvesting system of claim 2, wherein the bypass path passes through the buck portion. 6. The distributed power harvesting system of claim 2, wherein the bypass path passes through the boost portion. 7. The distributed power harvesting system of claim 2, wherein the bypass path comprises: a first current path circumventing the buck portion and the boost portion; a second current path passing through the buck portion; and a third current path passing through the boost portion. 8. The distributed power harvesting system of claim 7, wherein the buck portion and the boost portion share an inductive coil; wherein at least one of the first, second and third, current paths passes through the inductive coil; and, wherein at least one of the first, second and third, current paths circumvents the inductive coil. 9. The distributed power harvesting system of claim 2, wherein the buck portion and boost portion share an inductor; and wherein the buck portion comprises a buck switching circuitry and a buck switching bypass path; and wherein the boost portion comprises a boost switching circuitry and a boost switching bypass path. 10. The distributed power harvesting system of claim 9, wherein: the buck switching circuitry comprises a plurality of buck switching elements and the buck switching bypass path comprises a plurality of current paths, each bypassing one of the buck switching elements; and the boost switching circuitry comprises a plurality of boost switching elements and the boost switching bypass path comprises a plurality of current paths, each bypassing one of the boost switching element. 11. The distributed power harvesting system of claim 1, wherein the output terminals are coupled in series to at least one other converter, to thereby generate a series connection of the plurality of converters, the distributed power harvesting system further comprising: an inverter coupled to the series connection of the plurality of converters and changing a direct current input from the converters to an alternating current output. 12. The distributed power harvesting system of claim 1, further comprising: an inverter coupled to each of the plurality of converters and forming an AC module together with the converter, wherein the AC modules are coupled in parallel to provide a collective current from the distributed power harvesting system, and wherein each converter comprises at least one current blocking element for preventing a short through the converter in a reverse direction. 13. The distributed power harvesting system of claim 1, wherein a portion of each of the converters is implemented in an integrated circuit. 14. A DC-to-DC power converter for converting an input voltage from a DC power source to an output voltage, the DC-to-DC power converter comprising: a buck portion providing a stepped down output voltage; a boost portion for providing a stepped up output voltage; an inductor coupled to the buck portion and the boost portion; and a controller selectively engaging the buck portion or the boost portion or both. 15. The DC-to-DC power converter of claim 14, further comprising a maximum power point tracking (MPPT) circuit for providing a MPPT input signal, and wherein the controller selectively engages the buck portion or the boost portion or both in response to the MPPT input signal. 16. The DC-to-DC power converter of claim 14, further comprising a boost bypass path providing a current path bypassing the boost portion through the buck portion. 17. The DC-to-DC power converter of claim 16, further comprising: a diode coupled in parallel with a first switch of the buck portion, wherein a current through the diode and a current through a parasitic diode associated with the first switch are parallel. 18. The DC-to-DC power converter of claim 14, further comprising a buck bypass path providing a current path bypassing the buck portion through the boost portion. 19. The DC-to-DC power converter of claim 18, further comprising: a diode coupled in parallel with a first switch of the boost portion, wherein a current through the diode and a current through a parasitic diode associated with the first switch are parallel. 20. The DC-to-DC power converter of claim 14, wherein a portion of the DC-to-DC power converter is implemented in an integrated circuit. 21. A distributed power harvesting system comprising: a plurality of power sources each providing DC power; a plurality of converters, each converter comprising: a buck portion providing a stepped down output voltage from the DC power; a boost portion for providing a stepped up output voltage from the DC power; an inductor coupled to the buck portion and the boost portion; at least one bypass path providing a path bypassing at least on of the buck portion and the buck portion; and a controller selectively engaging the buck portion or the boost portion or both. 22. The distributed power harvesting system of claim 21, further comprising: a plurality of maximum power point tracking circuits, each tracking DC power from a respective power source; and wherein the controller of each of the plurality of the converters independently selectively engages the buck portion or the boost portion or both in response to a signal from a respective maximum power point tracking circuit. 23. The distributed power harvesting system of claim 21, wherein each of the plurality of power sources comprises a solar panel. 24. The distributed power harvesting system of claim 23, wherein each of the plurality of power sources is a fuel cell. 25. The distributed power harvesting system of claim 23, wherein each of the plurality of converters further comprises a boost bypass path providing a current path bypassing the boost portion through the buck portion. 26. The distributed power harvesting system of claim 22, wherein each of the plurality of converters further comprises a buck bypass path providing a current path bypassing the buck portion through the boost portion. 27. The distributed power harvesting system of claim 21, further comprising an inverter coupled to a series connection of the plurality of converters and changing a direct current input from the converters to an alternating current output 28. A method for providing one or more current bypass routes in a series connection of power cells, the method comprising: coupling each of the power cells to a corresponding converter; coupling output leads of the converters in series; and providing a plurality of current bypass routes in each of the converters, wherein the current bypass routes provide routes between the output leads of each of the converters from a negative output lead to a positive output lead and prevent current flow from the positive output lead to the negative output lead. 29. The method of claim 28, further comprising providing a buck portion in each of the converters; providing a boost portion in each of the converters; and selectively activating either the buck portion or the boost portion or both using a controller included in each of the converters, wherein at least one of the current bypass routes is provided in the buck portion and at least one of the current bypass routes is provided in the boost portion. 30. The method of claim 29, further comprising providing overall bypass routes in each of the converters, the overall bypass route passing outside the buck portion and the boost portion. 31. The method of claim 30, further comprising: providing redundancy by forming some of the current bypass routes parallel to portions of other current bypass routes. 32. A distributed DC photovoltaic power harvesting system comprising: a plurality of solar panels, each converting solar energy into electrical current; a plurality of converters, each coupled to one of the solar panels, and each providing converted output voltage; and an inverter coupled to a series connection of the converters and changing a direct current input from the converters to an alternating current output; wherein each of the converters includes: a negative input lead and a positive input lead a negative output lead and a positive output lead; a first diode coupled to the negative output lead; a second diode coupled to the positive output lead; a maximum power point tracking circuit for tracking power input from the solar panel; a buck portion for providing a stepped down output voltage from the converter; a boost portion for providing a stepped up output voltage from the converter; an inductor coupled between the first diode and the second diode, the inductor being shared by the buck portion and the boost portion; and a controller for determining whether the buck portion or the boost portion or both are operating at a given time responsive to the maximum power point tracking circuit; wherein a first current bypass route passes from the negative output lead to the first diode, to an inductor, to the second diode and to the positive output lead, wherein the first diode and the second diode prevent current flow from the positive output lead to the negative output lead, wherein the buck portion includes: a first switch coupled between the positive input lead and the inductor and being controlled by the controller; and a second switch coupled between the negative input lead and the inductor and being controlled by the controller, wherein a second current bypass route passes from the negative output lead to the second switch, to the inductor and to the positive output lead; wherein a third current bypass route passes from the negative output lead to the first diode, to the inductor, to the second diode and to the positive output lead, and wherein the first diode is parallel with the second switch, wherein the boost portion includes: a third switch coupled between the inductor and the positive output lead and being controlled by the controller; and a fourth switch coupled between the negative input lead and the inductor and being controlled by the controller, wherein a fourth current bypass route passes from the negative output lead to the fourth switch, to the third switch and to the positive output lead, wherein a fifth current bypass route passes from the negative output lead to the first diode, to the inductor, to the second diode and to the positive output lead, and wherein the second diode is parallel with the third switch. 33. A solar panel, comprising: one or more solar cells, each converting solar energy to electrical energy; one or more switching devices, each connected across a respective solar cell thereby forming a bypass path. 34. The solar panel of claim 33, wherein the switching device comprises a transistor. 35. The solar panel of claim 34, further comprising one or more diodes, each coupled across a respective solar cell to form a second bypass path. 