The present invention discloses a solar cell outdoor control system comprising an outdoor under control device (OUCD) and a solar cell array coupled to the outdoor under control device to provide electricity to the outdoor under control device in a first state. A non-solar power is coupled to the outdoor under control device to provide electricity to the outdoor under control device in a second state; and a switch coupled to the solar cell array and non-solar power for switching there-between. The outdoor under control system includes traffic signal control system, outdoor bill board, outdoor monitoring system or outdoor wireless network access point. The solar cell outdoor control system further comprises a wireless transceiver to transmit and/or receive data to/from an external device. The solar cell outdoor control system further comprises a sensor to detect the first state or the second state.
Claims 1. A solar cell outdoor control system comprising: an outdoor under control device (OUCD); a solar cell array coupled to said outdoor under control device to provide electricity to said outdoor under control device in a first state; an non-solar power coupled to said outdoor under control device to provide electricity to said outdoor under control device in a second state; and a switch coupled to said solar cell array and non-solar power for switching there-between. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein said outdoor under control system includes traffic signal control system, outdoor bill board, outdoor monitoring system or outdoor wireless network access point. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein said solar cell outdoor control system further comprises a wireless transceiver to transmit and/or receive data to/from an external device. 4. The system of claim 1, wherein protocol of said wireless transceiver includes Bluetooth, WiFi, WiMax, IR or 802.11 standards. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein said solar cell outdoor control system further comprises a sensor to detect said first state or said second state. 6. An outdoor control system comprising: an outdoor under control device (OUCD) having a processing unit and a display coupled to said processing unit to display content, wherein said outdoor under control device includes an outdoor electronic bill board; a wireless transceiver coupled to said processing unit solar cell array coupled to said outdoor under control device to transmit and/or receive data; and power source coupled to said outdoor under control device to provide electricity. 7. The system of claim 6, wherein protocol of said wireless transceiver includes Bluetooth, WiFi, WiMax, IR or 802.11 standards. 8. The system of claim 6, wherein power source includes solar cell array. 9. The system of claim 8, wherein said outdoor control system further comprises a switch coupled to said solar cell array and an non-solar power for switching there-between. 10. The system of claim 6, wherein said outdoor control system further comprises a detector coupled to said processing unit. 11. The system of claim 6, wherein said display includes LED display. 12. A control system comprising: an under control device (UCD) having a processing unit and a display coupled to said processing unit to display content, wherein said under control device includes an outdoor electronic digital displayer attached on an inner or outer wall (frame) of artificiality; a wireless transceiver coupled to said processing unit solar cell array coupled to said outdoor under control device to transmit and/or receive data; and a solar cell array coupled to said under control device to provide electricity. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein protocol of said wireless transceiver includes Bluetooth, WiFi, WiMax, IR or 802.11 standards. 14. The system of claim 12, wherein said control system further comprises a sensor to detect environment condition. 