Method, apparatus, and kit utilize a film mounting tool for sizing, shaping, and supporting a laminate, such as window film, that is to be installed on a substrate, such as a transparent panel. The film mounting tool is used for: conforming the laminate to the size and shape of the film mounting tool, delaminating the laminate placed on the film mounting tool so as to expose an adhesive layer thereof, and for supporting and carrying the laminate during an installation process so that the adhesive layer can be pressed onto the substrate by the film mounting tool.
Claims 1. A method of installing a laminate on a substrate, the method comprising: generating a film mounting tool by cutting a blank sheet to generally match the size and shape of the substrate; providing a laminate; joining mutually opposing major surfaces the laminate to the film mounting tool so that both are in a generally juxtaposed and coextensive relationship with each other whereby the mounting tool supports the laminate; cutting the laminate so that its shape and size generally conforms to that of the film mounting tool; and applying the laminate by using the film mounting tool to press the laminate against the substrate. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the film mounting tool includes one or more adhesive surfaces that is releasably attachable to the substrate. 3. The method of claim 2, wherein the film mounting tool is joined to the laminate by the one or more adhesive surfaces that are releasably attached to the laminate so that when joined the film mounting tool can carry and support the laminate. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein the laminate is joined to the film mounting tool in a manner to facilitate delaminating a release sheet from a laminate for exposing an adhesive layer of the laminate without damaging the laminate. 5. The method of claim 1, wherein the blank sheet is made of a foldable and pliable material that will not break in response to being folded or creased. 6. The method of claim 4, wherein the film mounting tool is relatively stiffer than the laminate that is to be carried in close juxtaposition therewith, whereby the film mounting tool is generally coextensive with the laminate to thereby reduce the likelihood of the laminate folding on itself while being carried along with the film mounting tool during installation as well as to facilitate pressing of the laminate on the substrate. 7. The method of claim 6, wherein the film mounting tool provided has a thickness in a range of about 5 mil to about 10 mil. 8. The method of claim 6, wherein the blank sheet provided is made of material from a group consisting of: paper, non-woven materials, and sheet polymers. 9. The method of claim 1, wherein generating the film mounting tool includes creasing the blank sheet against edges defining the boundary of the substrate. 10. The method of claim 1, wherein the laminate provided includes an adhesive on one surface thereof for facilitating laminating it to the substrate. 11. The method of claim 1, further including aligning the laminate on the substrate after applying a fluid to at least the substrate prior to applying the laminate thereto, whereby the laminate is easily movable to a preselected location relative to the substrate. 12. The method of claim 11, wherein mounting the laminate includes using the film mounting tool for aligning the laminate on the substrate until the laminate is in a preselected location. 13. The method of claim 11, further including delaminating the film mounting tool from the laminate following the laminate being installed on the substrate. 14. The method of claim 1, wherein the laminate provided is a substantially transparent sheet that is adapted to be placed on the substrate. 15. The method of claim 1, wherein the laminate provided is a window film that is from a group consisting of: solar window film, graphic design window film, privacy window film, security window film, frosted window film and any combination thereof. 16. The method of claim 15, wherein the window film laminate provided has a thickness dimension in a range of about 1 mil to about 6 mils. 17. The method of claim 16, wherein the window film has ultraviolet reflecting properties in the range of about 90% to about 100%. 18. The method of claim 17, wherein the window film has infrared reflecting properties in the range of about 0% to about 99%. 19. The method of claim 18, wherein the window film provides for transparency of visible light in the range of up to about 100%. 20. The method of claim 9, wherein the edges defining the boundary are formed by an intersection of the substrate and at least a portion of a window assembly framing the substrate. 21. The method of claim 1, wherein the laminate is placed on and releasably attached to the film mounting tool so as to facilitate the laminate being sized and shaped to the film mounting tool. 22. The method of claim 1, wherein the laminate is placed on and releasably attached to the film mounting tool so as to facilitate delaminating a release sheet from a laminate for exposing an adhesive layer of the laminate without damaging the laminate. 23. The method of claim 11, further including drawing a tool across a surface of the applied laminate to draw fluid from between the laminate and the substrate. 24. A method of forming an apparatus adapted for sizing, shaping, and supporting a laminate on a substrate, the method comprising: providing a foldable blank sheet; forming one or more folds in the blank sheet for generally matching a size and shape of a boundary of the substrate; and generating the apparatus by cutting the blank sheet adjacent the one or more folds so that its size and shape generally conform to the boundary of the substrate. 25. The method of claim 24, wherein the blank sheet provided includes one or more adhesive surfaces thereon that is adapted to be releasably attached to the substrate to facilitate cutting of the blank sheet to the size and shape of the substrate. 26. The method of claim 25, wherein the one or more adhesive surfaces is releasably attachable to the laminate whereby the latter may be carried and supported by the apparatus. 27. The method of claim 28, wherein the blank sheet provided is made of a material that will not break in response to being creased or folded. 28. The method of claim 25, wherein the apparatus supports and carries the laminate in close juxtaposed and generally coextensive relationship thereto. 29. The method of claim 28, wherein the blank sheet provided is relatively stiffer than the laminate to be laminated thereby reducing the likelihood of the laminate folding upon itself while being installed. 30. The method of claim 29, wherein the blank sheet provided has a thickness in a range of about 5 mil to about 10 mil. 31. The method of claim 30, wherein the blank sheet provided is made of materials of a group consisting of: paper, non-woven materials, and polymer materials. 32. The method of claim 30, wherein the one or more adhesive surfaces is a pressure-sensitive adhesive. 33. The method of claim 30, wherein the one or more adhesive surfaces includes a pressure-sensitive adhesive. 34. A film mounting tool apparatus adapted for sizing, shaping, and supporting a laminate to be applied on a substrate, the apparatus comprising: a blank sheet, that is made of a material that is foldable and able to be cut to conform it to the size and shape of a boundary of the substrate; the blank sheet includes one or more adhesive surfaces that are releasably attachable to the substrate to facilitate folding and cutting the blank sheet into the tool apparatus so that the tool apparatus matches generally to the boundary of the substrate; the one or more adhesive surfaces facilitate joining the tool apparatus to the laminate whereby the latter can be more precisely cut to match the size and shape of the tool apparatus, and the blank sheet material supports and controls movement of the cut laminate while the latter is applied to the substrate. 35. The film mounting tool apparatus of claim 34, wherein the blank sheet material that will not break in response to being folded. 36. The film mounting tool apparatus of claim 36, wherein the blank sheet is relatively stiffer than the laminate and is generally coextensive with the laminate to thereby reduce the likelihood of the laminate folding in on itself while being installed. 37. The film mounting tool apparatus of claim 37, wherein the blank sheet has a thickness in a range of about 5 mil to about 10 mil. 38. The film mounting tool apparatus of claim 37, wherein the blank sheet is made of at least a material from a group consisting of: paper, non-woven materials, and sheet polymers. 39. The film mounting tool apparatus of claim 36, wherein the one or more adhesive surfaces is made of at least a pressure-sensitive adhesive. 40. The film mounting tool apparatus of claim 36, wherein the one or more adhesive surfaces is such as to mount the laminate thereon in a manner whereby the laminate may have a release sheet thereof delaminated for exposing an adhesive layer without damaging the laminate. 41. A kit comprising: a blank sheet that is made of a material that is foldable and able to be cut to conform it to the size and shape of a boundary of the substrate; the blank sheet includes one or more adhesive surfaces that are releasably attachable to the substrate to facilitate folding and cutting the blank sheet into a film mounting tool apparatus that matches generally the boundary of the substrate; the one or more adhesive surfaces facilitate joining the tool apparatus to the laminate whereby the latter can be more precisely cut to match the size and shape of the tool apparatus, and the blank sheet material supports and controls movement of the cut laminate while the latter is applied to the substrate; and a thin laminate to be mounted on the substrate and joinable thereto so as to be sized and shaped to match the size and shape of the tool apparatus. 42. The kit of claim 42, further comprising: a tool for cutting the blank sheet and the laminate. 43. The kit of claim 42, further comprising: applying a fluid between the laminate and the substrate. 44. The kit of claim 42, further comprising: a tool for drawing a fluid from between the laminate and the substrate. 45. The kit of claim 42, further comprising: a spacer tool to facilitate cutting the blank sheet. 46. The kit of claim 42, wherein the blank sheet is made of a material that will not break in response to being folded. 47. The kit of claim 46, wherein the blank sheet is relatively stiffer than the laminate, and the blank sheet is generally coextensive to the laminate to thereby reduce the likelihood of the laminate folding on itself while being installed. 48. The kit of claim 47, wherein the blank sheet has a thickness in a range of about 5 mil to about 10 mil. 49. The kit of claim 46, wherein the blank sheet is made of a material from a group consisting of paper, non-woven materials, and sheet polymers. 50. The kit of claim 42, wherein the at least one adhesive article is made of at least a pressure-sensitive adhesive tape. 51. The kit of claim 42, wherein the laminate provided is a window film that is from a group consisting of: solar window film, graphic design window film, privacy window film, security window film, frosted window film and any combination thereof. 52. The kit of claim 51, wherein the window film laminate provided has a thickness dimension in a range of about 1 mil to about 6 mils. 53. The kit of claim 52, wherein the window film has ultraviolet reflecting properties in the range of about 90% to about 100%. 54. The kit of claim 53, wherein the window film has infrared reflecting properties in the range of about 0% to about 99%. 55. A method of installing a laminate, the method comprising: sizing and shaping a foldable blank sheet to the size and shape of a substrate; generating a film mounting tool by cutting the blank sheet to the size and shape of the substrate; providing a thin laminate: joining mutually opposing major surfaces of the laminate to the film mounting tool in a close juxtaposed and generally coextensive relation for allowing sizing and shaping of the laminate to the film mounting tool; delaminating a release sheet from the laminate while joined so as to expose an adhesive layer of the laminate; and directly pressing the pressure-sensitive layer to the window by the film mounting tool. 