Most cameras have a tripod mounting hole in the bottom with a standard screw thread. All current tripods mount use a threaded fastener that screws into this hole and tightens the camera to a tripod or other auxiliary devices. Often, the tripod will mount a small intermediary part that can remain with the camera, but which allows the camera to be quickly removed from the tripod. This disclosure obviates the need for the intermediary part. Here are some of the main features and embodiments: "Expanding Rubber Bung": A flexible elastomeric part or other material, that when tightened, expands in girth. "Pivoting metal Christmas tree": Similar to the above concept, except that a hard material pivots out, to clamp the sides of the hole, once it has been easily inserted in its collapsed state. The following are some of the applications and examples of the current disclosure: cameras, video recorders, civil engineering equipment for leveling measurement or surveying, laser equipment for tracking, leveling calibration, or marking, optical equipment, astronomical equipment, telescopes, binoculars, lab equipment, or calibration equipment are some examples of tripod usage or similar setups, e.g. setups with more legs, different shapes, stands, supports, or foldable/mobile setups. Many other variations and extensions are also discussed in the specification and figures.
Claims 1. An attach-and-release assembly or mounting device for a tripod or similarly attached device for a camera, video recorder, or similar object, wherein said attach-and-release assembly or mounting device is engaged or connected to said camera, video recorder, or similar object, directly, wherein said attach-and-release assembly or mounting device connects said camera, video recorder, or similar object to said tripod or similarly attached device, and wherein said attach-and-release assembly or mounting device has a mechanism to secure or hold said camera, video recorder, or similar object with respect to said tripod or similarly attached device. 2. An attach-and-release assembly or mounting device, as recited in claim 1, wherein said attach-and-release assembly or mounting device comprises a handle, wherein said handle is used to tighten the position of said attach-and-release assembly or mounting device with respect to said camera, video recorder, or similar object. 3. An attach-and-release assembly or mounting device, as recited in claim 1, wherein said attach-and-release assembly or mounting device comprises a tube or rod, wherein said tube or rod is used to tighten the position of said attach-and-release assembly or mounting device with respect to said camera, video recorder, or similar object. 4. An attach-and-release assembly or mounting device, as recited in claim 1, wherein said attach-and-release assembly or mounting device comprises a tube or rod, wherein said tube or rod is compressed, wherein said tube or rod is bulged, and wherein said tube or rod tightens the position of said attach-and-release assembly or mounting device with respect to said camera, video recorder, or similar object. 5. An attach-and-release assembly or mounting device, as recited in claim 1, wherein said attach-and-release assembly or mounting device comprises one or more adaptors to fit in different screw sizes with respect to different thread sizes. 6. An attach-and-release assembly or mounting device, as recited in claim 1, wherein said attach-and-release assembly or mounting device comprises one or more adaptors to fit in for different models or sizes of said camera, video recorder, or similar object. 7. An attach-and-release assembly or mounting device, as recited in claim 1, wherein said attach-and-release assembly or mounting device comprises one or more soft, compressible, or flexible materials, structures, components, or objects. 8. An attach-and-release assembly or mounting device, as recited in claim 1, wherein said attach-and-release assembly or mounting device comprises one or more soft, compressible, or flexible screw or thread structures or components. 9. An attach-and-release assembly or mounting device, as recited in claim 1, wherein said attach-and-release assembly or mounting device comprises one or more pivoting rigid arms. 10. An attach-and-release assembly or mounting device, as recited in claim 1, wherein said attach-and-release assembly or mounting device comprises one or more wedges. 11. An attach-and-release assembly or mounting device, as recited in claim 1, wherein said attach-and-release assembly or mounting device comprises one or more balloons or inflatable objects. 12. An attach-and-release assembly or mounting device, as recited in claim 1, wherein said attach-and-release assembly or mounting device comprises or is connected to one or more pumps, tanks, compressors, one-way valves, or pressure-relief valves. 13. An attach-and-release assembly or mounting device, as recited in claim 1, wherein said tripod or similarly attached device comprises one or more of the following: pivoting legs, hinged legs, flexible legs, rigid legs, goose-neck legs, segmented legs, snake-shaped flexible legs, telescopic legs, foldable legs with one or multiple folds or hinges per leg, hydraulic legs, mechanically-raising-legs, inflatable legs, balloon-type legs, tube-type legs, legs made of series of small beads, flat legs, cylindrical legs, legs with the suction cups at the end or bottom of the legs, curved legs, S-shaped legs, T-shaped legs, plate-shaped legs, sliding-plate-shaped legs, pairs of legs, multiple small legs, flexible small legs, horizontally-connected legs, independently-adjusted legs, or any conventional legs or supports. 14. An attach-and-release assembly or mounting device, as recited in claim 1, wherein said attach-and-release assembly or mounting device comprises of or is made of one or more of the following materials or structures: plastic, elastic material, nylon, bubble-protection material, layered material, soft material, synthetic material, shock absorbent material, hard material, solid material, liquid-containing material, gas-containing material, pressurized-gas-containing material, balloon-type material, inflatable material, gel-type material, natural material, leather, water-proof material, oil-protected surface, paper, cardboard, stretchable material, elastic band, net-shape material, mesh, hollow material, cushion material, solid object, magnetic material, metallic material, metallic sheet, metallic chain, array of metallic rings, 2-dimensional structure, multi-dimensional structure, flat structure, non-smooth plate, smooth plate, folded structure, hinged objects, hinged plates, hinged micro-plates, connected tiles, Lego-shaped material, brick-shaped material, ceramic tiles, stone tiles, artificial material tiles, glass tiles, transparent material, translucent material, clear material, reflective material, containing mirror, fluorescent material, metal-plated material, painted material, rug, woven material, bamboo, carpet material, wooden material, sticks, insulation material, water-cooling jacket, air-cooling jacket, heating-element jacket, insulation jacket, or any compound, chemical, or composite material. 15. An attach-and-release assembly or mounting device, as recited in claim 1, wherein said attach-and-release assembly or mounting device is connected to, or attached to, one or more of the following items: a picture frame, clock, notebook, calculator, solar cell array, battery, pen holder, pen, pencil, magnetic plate, magnetic decoration, magnetic pieces, Velcro, hook-and-loop, dual lock, fastener, rubber band, light, LED, LCD, display, TV, radio, thermometer, pressure gauge, biometric sensor, thumb or fingerprint recognition module, combination lock, lock, password entry input, keyboard, input device, pointing device, speaker, microphone, telephone set, keychain ring, hook, video game, music player, downloading unit, wireless unit, communication unit, antenna, small computer, small web browser, voice, video, picture recorder, vehicle, building, pole, external batteries, housings, flash assemblies, steady cam mounts, GPS devices, or any electronic or mechanical device, apparatus, system, toy, decoration, or equipment. 16. An attach-and-release assembly or mounting device, as recited in claim 1, wherein said attach-and-release assembly or mounting device comprises multiple layers. 17. An attach-and-release assembly or mounting device, as recited in claim 1, wherein said attach-and-release assembly or mounting device comprises or is connected to one or more sources of air, fluid, powder, gel, dust, sand, gas, liquid, pressurized gas, hot gas, foam, bubble material, or air bubble. 18. An attach-and-release assembly or mounting device, as recited in claim 1, wherein said camera, video recorder, or similar object is a surveying equipment, telescope, binocular, laser equipment, tracking or marking equipment, optical equipment, decoration item, store sign, product display, or level calibration equipment. 19. An attach-and-release assembly or mounting device, as recited in claim 1, wherein said attach-and-release assembly or mounting device is remotely controlled. 20. An attach-and-release assembly or mounting device, as recited in claim 1, wherein said attach-and-release assembly or mounting device is controlled by a computer, processor, or logic module, based on some rules or predetermined conditions. 