An integrated system is disclosed that provides robust and uninterrupted security over a broad range of applications that features a security assembly having multiple sensory functionality for detection, identification, and analysis of a potential intruder seeking to gain unauthorized access to a secure facility. In one embodiment, the security system integrates multiple sensor systems for the detection and identification subterranean as well as terrestrial breach.
Claims 1. A security system assembly for detecting intrusive activity comprising: an extending body having an elevated end and an imbedded end and a cavity extending therebetween; a transparent housing for releasable attachment to the elevated end for forming an extended cavity; a camera system housed within said transparent housing for the visual monitoring of intrusive activity and connected via communication means to other locations; at least one device for the collection and conversion of solar energy into electricity for releasable and adjustable attachment to the outer surface of the body; at least one battery for receiving and storing energy received by at least one solar energy device, wherein the battery is located within the cavity of the extending body; a transceiver for receiving and transmitting intruder-related information and located within the cavity of the extending body; wherein intrusive activity information is received through the camera system and relayed via wired communications means or wirelessly transmitted to remote locations for monitoring and analysis. 2. The security system assembly of claim 1 further comprising a seismic wave detector having an adjustable sensitivity for identifying intrusive activity. 3. The security system assembly of claim 2, wherein the seismic wave detector is housed in the body cavity and having sensors extending underground outside of the assembly. 4. The security system assembly of claim 2, wherein the seismic wave detector is configured to independently communicate seismic information to a remote receiver. 5. The security system assembly of claim 1, wherein the transparent housing is made from a ballistically resilient material. 6. The security system assembly of claim 1, wherein the transceiver transmits acquired information to a remote location. 7. The security system assembly of claim 6, wherein the information is transmitted via satellite uplink. 8. The security system assembly of claim 1, wherein the assembly further comprises a light source visible to a potential intruder. 9. The security system assembly of claim 8, wherein light is emitted in response to movement of an intruder. 10. The security system assembly of claims 2 and 8, where the light is emitted in response to the movement of an intruder that generates seismic vibrations. 11. The security system assembly of claim 1, wherein a plurality of assemblies are placed about the perimeter of a physical location. 12. The security system assembly of claim 11, wherein each assembly of the plurality transmits acquired information to at least one other assembly and at least one other assembly receives the transmitted information. 13. The security system assembly of claim 12, wherein the plurality is used in combination with a physical barrier. 14. The security system assembly of claim 1, wherein said battery receives power from a remote power source. 15. The security system assembly of claim 1, wherein the transceiver emits and receives radio waves for the detection of an intruder. 