The wind turbines system can extract the dynamic energy from ambient sources and generate power with high efficiency. The less-fluctuated slower-speed turbines have a main pump, a fluctuation-pressure stabilizer, a power generation water-turbines, and a high ratio gear reducer mounted together on the ground to increase its generator's speed and produce power at about 50% efficiency. A fluctuation-pressure stabilizer stabilizes the fluctuations of the hydraulic flow and regularizes its output to water-turbines in a single steady state, continuously. A high ratio gear reducer (1:1,000=1:10.times.10.times.10 in three stages) increases its generator's speed and meet its power generation requirements. The larger surface area of light-weight nylon fabric single-surfaced blade layer with strong angle strut support structure more efficiently convert wind energy into high-power DC electricity through the contacting/grinding reactions of a light-weight generator. Owing to these conservative processes, metallurgical material costs, installation capital, and maintenance costs are reduced.
Claims 1. A method for power generation using wind turbines, wherein the method utilizes down-wind wind turbines, a main pump, a fluctuation-pressure stabilizer, a power generation water-turbines, a high-ratio gear reducer, and a contacting/grinding reaction generator, wherein the method comprises the steps of: generating a pressure difference of air current stream from solar energy; extracting practical work from the current stream via the wind turbines; stabilizing the fluctuation-pressure inputs into a single steady state hydraulic flow, continuously via a fluctuation-pressure stabilizer; increasing the associated generator's speed via the associated high-ratio gear reducer; and, generating high-power DC electricity through the associated contacting/grinding reaction generator, wherein after extracting wind power, the air current loses its ambient dynamic energy. 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the wind turbines power generator further comprises: a light-weight power generator, the power generator operatively connected to a mounting member on the ground; two oppositely rotating cylinders, the cylinders being made of different materials; intermediate rotating rollers between the oppositely rotating cylinders; and, rotating shafts, wherein the cylinders, rollers, and shafts are operatively connected to the light-weight power generator on the ground, wherein the wind turbines have multiple blades, wherein the blades have a single surface made of a light-weight nylon fabric, wherein the blades have an angle strut support structure behind. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the turbines comprise slow-speed turbine blades with more than four blades, wherein each blade has a stream-line leading edge of support structure, a tailing edge, a top, and a bottom, wherein the blades, between the support structure edges, has a parabolic stream-line single-surfaced blade layer, and the edges extend beyond the frame structure of the bottom. 4. The method of claim 1, wherein a single rate is designed for the steady-speed water-turbines, from which it connects to a high ratio gear reducer to increase speed to the generator and meet the generator's power generation requirements at 5,000 rpm and more. 5. The method of claim 3, wherein the method further comprises the step of: automatically adjusting the pitch of the blade by its uneven strong wind pressure generated at the blade's rear parts if the wind speed exceeds approximately 50 miles/hr, or 80 km/hr. 6. A low-temperature heat engine device comprising: at least one down-wind two-phase turbine mounted on the top of the mounting pole; at least one main hydraulic pump mounted on the ground; at least one fluctuation-pressure stabilizer mounted on the ground; at least one power generation water-turbines mounted on the ground; at least one high ratio gear reducer mounted on the ground; and, at least one contacting/grinding reaction generator mounted on the ground, wherein the device has an air cooled device. 7. The device of claim 6, wherein the two-phase turbines blades have a rotation scheme designed speed: v.sub.air=2.pi..R [rpm/60 sec]=v.sub.blade's tip; v.sub.blade's tip=v.sub.air, for maximizing the power production, and the device further comprises: a hydraulic system capable of automatically adjusting the pitch of a turbine blade from its rear parts. 8. The device of claim 7, wherein each blade has a stream line support structure leading edge, a tailing edge, a top, and a bottom, wherein the blade support structure of an angle strut, between the edges, supports a parabolic single-surfaced nylon fabric blade layer, and the edges extend beyond the bottom. 9. The device of claim 6, wherein the turbines are two-phase turbines, and wherein a main hydraulic pump mounted on the ground is connected to the two-phase turbines by rotation shafts. 10. The device of claim 6, wherein a pump, a fluctuation-pressure stabilizer, a power generation water-turbines, and a high ratio gear reducer are operatively connected between the turbines and a ground-mounted generator to increase speed of the ground-mounted generator at greater than about 5,000 rpm. 11. The device of claim 6, wherein a light-weight power generator is operatively connected to a mounting member on the ground, in which there are oppositely rotating cylinders, rotational rollers, and rotational shafts, wherein the cylinders, rollers, and shafts are operatively connected to the power generator. 12. A wind turbines system comprising: a pole mounting member; a light-weight power generator, the power generator operatively connected to a ground mounting member; oppositely rotating cylinders, rotational rollers, and rotational shafts, wherein the cylinders, rollers, and shafts are operatively connected to the power generator; back supported structure with rotation rollers; and, multiple blades, the blades being operatively connected to the rotational shaft, wherein the blades have a light-weight, nylon fabric, single-surfaced blade layer, and a angle strut support frame structure. 13. The turbines system of claim 12, wherein the system further comprises: at least one pump mounted on the ground connected to the wind turbines by rotation shafts; at least one fluctuation-pressure stabilizer mounted on the ground; at least one power generation water-turbines mounted on the ground; and, at least one high ratio gear reducer mounted on the ground; and, wherein the power generator is at least one contacting/grinding reaction generator mounted on the ground, wherein the generator has an air cooled device. 14. The device of claim 12, wherein turbines are two-phase turbines, and the two-phase turbines have fluctuating rotation speeds of between approximately 5 rpm to approximately 30 rpm, and the turbines further comprise: an automatic hydraulic system capable of adjusting the pitches of the blades from the rear parts as their safety devices. 15. The device of claim 13, wherein the ground-mounted gear reducer has a ratio of approximately 1:1,000=1:10.times.10.times.10 in three stages, and the ground-mounted generator has a single rotation speed of at least approximately 5,000 rpm. 