The wireless multifunction network device includes a radio, first and second amplifier or filter devices, first and second antennae, a control system and a power module. The radio is adapted to support multiple protocols. The first amplifier or filter device is operably attached to the radio and is for processing a predetermined first frequency. The second amplifier or filter device is operably attached to the radio and is for processing a predetermined second frequency. The first antennae is operably attached to the first amplifier or filter device and is for use with the first frequency. The second antennae is operably attached to the second amplifier or filter device and is for used with the second frequency. The control system is operably attached to the radio. The power module is operably attached to the first amplifier or filter device, the second amplifier or filter device, and the control system.
Claims 1. A wireless multifunction network device comprising: a radio adapted to support multiple protocols; a first device being one of an amplifier and a filter, the first device being operably attached to the radio, the first device being for processing a predetermined first frequency; a second device being one of an amplifier and filter, the device operably attached to the radio, the second device being for processing a predetermined second frequency; a first antennae operably attached to the first device, the first antennae being for use with the first frequency; a second antennae operably attached to the second device, the second antennae being for used with the second frequency; a control system operably attached to the radio; a power module operably attached to the first device, the second device, and the control system. 2. A wireless multifunction network device as claimed in claim 1 wherein the first device is both an amplifier and a filter. 3. A wireless multifunction network device as claimed in claim 2 wherein the second device is both an amplifier and a filter. 4. A wireless multifunction network device as claimed in claim 3 wherein the first frequency is an 802.11 GHz b/g frequencies. 5. A wireless multifunction network device as claimed in claim 4 wherein the second frequency is an 802.11a GHz frequency. 6. A wireless multifunction network device as claimed in claim 4 wherein the second frequency is a first responder frequency. 7. A wireless multifunction network device as claimed in claim 1 wherein the power module is connected to a standard 120 volt service. 8. A wireless multifunction network device as claimed in claim 1 further including a third device being one of an amplifier and a filter, the third device being operably attached to the radio and a third antennae operably attached thereto, the third device being for processing a predetermined third frequency and the third antennae being used with the third frequency. 9. A wireless multifunction network device as claimed in claim 8 wherein the fourth device is both an amplifier and a filter. 10. A wireless multifunction network device as claimed in claim 9 further including a fourth amplifier and filter device operably attached to the radio and a fourth antennae operably attached thereto, the fourth amplifier and filter device being for processing a predetermined fourth frequency and the fourth antennae being used with the fourth frequency. 11. A wireless multifunction network device as claimed in claim 4 further including a third amplifier and filter device operably attached to the radio and a third antennae operably attached thereto, the third amplifier and filter device being for processing a Bluetooth frequency and the third antennae being used with the Bluetooth frequency. 12. A wireless multifunction network device as claimed in claim 8 further including a fourth amplifier and filter device operably attached to the radio and a fourth antennae operably attached thereto, the fourth amplifier and filter device being for processing a cellular frequency and the fourth antennae being used with the cellular frequency. 13. A wireless multifunction network device as claimed in claim 1 wherein the power module is a DC power source. 14. A wireless multifunction network device as claimed in claim 10 wherein the DC power source is a hydrogen fuel cell battery. 15. A wireless multifunction network device as claimed in claim 10 wherein the DC power source is a lithium ion battery. 16. A wireless multifunction network device as claimed in claim 12 wherein the power source is operably connected to a solar panel capable of recharging the lithium ion battery. 17. A wireless multifunction network device as claimed in claim 1 wherein the control system is a computer. 18. A wireless multifunction network device as claimed in claim 14 wherein the computer includes a plurality of different applications. 19. A wireless multifunction network device as claimed in claim 15 wherein the applications are chosen from the group consisting of monitoring applications, syslog, access control list, network routing protocols, wireless network meshing protocols, web services, firewalling, virtual private networking, intrusion detection, internet site access lists and configuration tools. 20. A wireless multifunction network device as claimed in claim 1 further including a housing. 21. A wireless multifunction network device as claimed in claim 17 wherein the housing is sealed and tamperproof. 22. A wireless multifunction network device as claimed in claim 18 wherein the housing is waterproof. 23. A method of controlling access of a user to a network including the steps of: determining if a packet associated with the user is allowed on the network; if yes then determining if the packet matches an intrusion detection signature; if no then determining if the user is accessing a virtual private network; if yes, then determining if the user is allowed on the network; if yes, then granting access to the network; if the packet is not allowed on the network, then blocking the packet from accessing the wireless network and sending an access violation message to a system logging server; if the packet matches an intrusion detection signature, then blocking the packet from accessing the network and sending an access violation message to the system logging server; and if the user is not allowed on the network, then blocking the user from accessing the network and sending an access violation message to the system logging server. 24. A method of controlling access to a network as claimed in claim 20 further including the steps of determining if the user is allowed to access to particular content; if yes then granting access to the content and if no then not allowing access to particular content, blocking the user from accessing the particular content on wireless network and sending an access violation message to the system logging server. 25. A method of controlling access to a network as claimed in claim 21 wherein the network is a wireless network. 26. A method of controlling access of a user to a network including the steps of: determining if the user is part of the loyalty program; if yes then determining if the user has an account; if yes then authenticating the user against an authentication/authorization/accounting server; if yes, the granting access to the network; if the user is not part of the loyalty program then reading USB security dongle associated with the user then authenticate the user for an allowed amount of time and sending the USB security data to a loyalty server and granting access to the network; and if the user does not have an account then registering an account for the user in the authentication/authorization/accounting server to provide an updated authentication/authorization/accounting server and authenticating the user against an updated authentication/authorization/accounting server. 27. A method of controlling access to a network as claimed in claim 20 further including the steps of determining if the user is attempting to access allowed content and if yes then allowing access and if no then denying access. 28. A method of controlling access to a network as claimed in claim 21 wherein the network is a wireless network. 