A solar powered illuminated sign having at least one interchangable character which comprises a transparent panel mounted centrally across a front wall of a housing. A mechanism is for mounting a character display medium in a removable manner over the transparent panel. A control circuit, a rechargeable battery and a light source are within said housing. The rechargeable battery and the light source are electrically connected to the control circuit. A solar generating unit is mounted onto the front wall of the housing, wherein the solar generating unit is electrically connected to the control circuit. In a first instance during daylight hours, the sun will supply solar energy to the solar generating unit, causing the control circuit to allow charging of the rechargeable battery and deactivate the light source. In a second instance during nighttime hours, the control circuit will allow the rechargeable battery to supply DC electric power to the light source, to illuminate the transparent panel and the character display medium.
Claims 1. A solar powered illuminated sign having at least one interchangable character which comprises: a) a housing; b) a transparent panel mounted centrally across a front wall of said housing; c) a character display medium; d) means for mounting said character display medium in a removable manner over said transparent panel; e) a control circuit within said housing; f) a rechargeable battery within said housing, wherein said rechargeable battery is electrically connected to said control circuit; g) a light source within said housing, wherein said light source is electrically connected to said control circuit; and h) a solar generating unit mounted onto said front wall of said housing, wherein said solar generating unit is electrically connected to said control circuit, so that in a first instance during daylight hours, the sun will supply solar energy to said solar generating unit causing said control circuit to allow charging of said rechargeable battery and deactivate said light source, while in a second instance during nighttime hours, said control circuit will allow said rechargeable battery to supply DC electric power to said light source to illuminate said transparent panel and said character display medium. 2. The sign as recited in claim 1, further comprising a white reflector mounted behind said transparent panel to produce a high lumen output with low voltage DC power supplied by said rechargeable battery to said light source. 3. The sign as recited in claim 2, further comprising said housing having a centrally recessed area extending across said front wall with said transparent panel mounted within said centrally recessed area. 4. The sign as recited in claim 3, wherein said character display medium further comprises: a) a flat transparent plate having an embossed transparent character on a front surface; and b) a black coating applied to rear surface of said flat transparent plate leaving a clear area of said embossed transparent character above on said front surface. 5. The sign as recited in claim 4, wherein said mounting means comprises a pair of tracks, wherein said first track is affixed to and extends inwardly over top of said centrally recessed area of said housing, while said second track is affixed to and extends inwardly over bottom of said centrally recessed area of said housing, thereby said flat transparent plate of said character display medium can be inserted into and removed from said tracks in said centrally recessed area of said housing. 6. The sign as recited in claim 1, wherein said light source comprises at least one LED, in which said at least one LED abuts one side edge of said transparent panel. 7. The sign as recited in claim 1, wherein said solar generating unit comprises a plurality of solar cells. 8. The sign as recited in claim 2, further comprising said housing having a width to accommodate two character display mediums that are held in a side by side relationship by said mounting means over said transparent panel having the same width as said housing. 9. The sign as recited in claim 8, further comprising two black panels, wherein when only one said character display medium is used, each said black panel can be held by said mounting means on an opposite side of said character display medium over said transparent panel. 10. The sign as recited in claim 2, further comprising said housing having a width to accommodate three character display mediums that are held in a side by side relationship by said mounting means over said transparent panel, having the same width as said housing. 11. The sign as recited in claim 2, further comprising: a) a second transparent panel mounted centrally across a rear wall of said housing; b) a second character display medium; c) second means for mounting said second character display medium in a removable manner over said second transparent panel; d) a second light source within said housing, wherein said second light source is electrically connected to said control circuit; and e) a second solar generating unit mounted onto said rear wall of said housing, wherein said second solar generating circuit is electrically connected to said control circuit, so that in a first instance during daylight hours, the sun will supply solar energy to said first and second solar generating units causing said control circuit to allow charging of said rechargeable battery and deactivate said first and second light sources, while in a second instance during nighttime hours, said control circuit will allow said rechargeable battery to supply DC electric power to said first and second light sources to illuminate said first and second transparent panels and said first and second display mediums. 12. The sign as recited in claim 11, further comprising a second white reflector mounted behind said second transparent panel to produce a high lumen output with low voltage DC power supplied by said rechargeable battery to said second light source. 13. The sign as recited in claim 12, further comprising said housing having a second centrally recessed area extending across said rear wall with said second transparent panel mounted within said second centrally recessed area. 14. The sign as recited in claim 13, wherein said second character display medium further comprises: a) a flat transparent plate having an embossed transparent character on a front surface; and b) a black coating applied to rear surface of said flat transparent plate leaving a clear area of said embossed transparent character above on said front surface. 15. The sign as recited in claim 14, wherein said second mounting means comprises a pair of tracks, wherein said first track is affixed to and extends inwardly over top of said second centrally recessed area of said housing, while said second track is affixed to and extends inwardly over bottom of said second centrally recessed area of said housing, thereby said flat transparent plate can be inserted into and removed from said tracks in said second centrally recessed area of said housing. 16. The sign as recited in claim 11, wherein said second light source comprises at least one LED, in which said at least one LED abuts one side edge of said second transparent panel. 17. The sign as recited in claim 11, wherein said second solar generating unit comprises a plurality of solar cells. 18. A solar powered illuminated sign having at least one interchangable character which comprises: a) a housing separated into two segments; b) a transparent panel mounted centrally across a front wall of said first segment of said housing; c) at least one character display medium; d) means for mounting said at least one character display medium in a removable manner over said transparent panel; e) a control circuit within said second segment of said housing; f) a rechargeable battery within said second segment of said housing, wherein said rechargeable battery is electrically connected to said control circuit; g) a light source within said first segment of said housing; h) a solar generating unit mounted onto a front wall of said second segment of said housing, wherein said solar generating unit is electrically connected to said control circuit; i) means for electrically connecting said light source within said first segment of said housing to said control circuit within said second segment of said housing, so that in a first instance during daylight hours, the sun will supply solar energy to said solar generating unit causing said control circuit to allow charging of said rechargeable battery and deactivate said light source, while in a second instance during nighttime hours, said control circuit will allow said rechargeable battery to supply DC electric power to said light source to illuminate said transparent panel and said at least one character display medium. 19. The sign as recited in claim 18, further comprising a white reflector mounted behind said transparent panel to produce a high lumen output with low voltage DC power supplied by said rechargeable battery to said light source. 20. The sign as recited in claim 19, further comprising said first segment of said housing having a centrally recessed area extending across said front wall with said transparent panel mounted within said centrally recessed area. 21. The sign as recited in claim 20, wherein said at least one character display medium further comprises: a) a flat transparent plate having an embossed transparent character on a front surface; and b) a black coating applied to rear surface of said flat transparent plate leaving a clear area of said embossed transparent character above on said front surface. 22. The sign as recited in claim 21, wherein said mounting means comprises a pair of tracks, wherein said first track is affixed to and extends inwardly over top of said centrally recessed area of said first segment of said housing, while said second track is affixed to and extends inwardly over bottom of said centrally recessed area of said first segment of said housing, thereby said flat transparent plate of said at least one character display medium can be inserted into and removed from said tracks in said centrally recessed area of said first segment of said housing. 23. The sign as recited in claim 18, wherein said light source comprises at least one LED, in which said at least one LED abuts one side edge of said transparent panel. 24. The sign as recited in claim 18, wherein said solar generating unit comprises a plurality of solar cells. 25. The sign as recited in claim 18, wherein said electrically connecting means comprises: a) a first socket in said first segment of said housing, wherein said first socket is electrically connected to said light source; b) a second socket in said second segment of said housing, wherein said second socket is electrically connected to said control circuit; c) an elongated cable; and d) a pair of plugs, in which each said plug is electrically connected to an opposite end of said cable, so that said first plug can engage with said first socket in said first segment of said housing, while said second plug can engage with said second socket in said second segment of said housing, thereby keeping said first segment of said housing remote from said second segment of said housing. 26. The sign as recited in claim 18, wherein said electrically connecting means comprises: a) a pair of sockets in said first segment of said housing, wherein said pair of sockets are electrically connected to said light source; and b) a pair of plugs on said second segment of said housing, wherein said pair of plugs are electrically connected to said control circuit, so that said pair of 