A power distribution system for a vehicle is provided. The power distribution system includes a network incorporating at least one load. At least a first and a second power source are connected to the network. The first power source is located and connected proximal to the load and the second power source is located distal from the load. A generator may be connected to the network distally from the first and second loads and configured to supply power to at least one of the first and second loads. The generator may be configured such that power is supplied selectively when power from at least one of the first and second power sources is less than respectively required by the first and second loads. The first and second power sources may be configured to be regenerated by the generator. The network may include more highly power-rated components in areas configured for higher power transmission and more lowly power-rated components in areas configured for lower power transmission.
Claims 1. A power distribution system for a vehicle comprising: a network including at least one load; and at least a first and a second power source connected to said network, said first power source being located and connected proximal to the load and said second power source being located distal from the load. 2. A power distribution system according to claim 1, wherein said network includes more highly power-rated components in areas configured for higher power transmission and more lowly power-rated components in areas configured for lower power transmission. 3. A power distribution system according to claim 1, wherein said network includes a plurality of loads, wherein said at least first and second power sources include a plurality of power sources interconnected to form a power source network, and wherein multiple electrical connections exist between said power source network and said network such that at least one load of the plurality of loads is configured to be supplied by multiple power sources. 4. A power distribution system according to claim 1, further comprising an expert system coupled to said power distribution system and configured to monitor at least one of said power sources, said loads, or a connection of said network. 5. A power distribution system according to claim 1, wherein said first and second power sources are connected in parallel to each other. 6. A power distribution system according to claim 1, wherein the at least one load comprises at least a first and second load, said second power source is located and connected proximal to a second load, and said first power source is located distal from the second load. 7. A power distribution system according to claim 6, wherein each of said first and second power sources is independently connected to each of the first and second loads. 8. A power distribution system according to claim 6, wherein each of said first and second power sources is connected in parallel to the first and second loads. 9. A power distribution system according to claim 6, wherein said first power source is connected in series with the first and second loads. 10. A power distribution system according to claim 6, further comprising a generator connected to said network distally from the first and second loads, said generator configured to supply power to at least one of the first and second loads. 11. A power distribution system according to claim 10, wherein said first and second power sources are configured to selectively supply at least some power to said network. 12. A power distribution system according to claim 10, wherein said first and second power sources are configured to be regenerated by said generator. 13. A power distribution system according to claim 10, wherein said generator is configured to selectively supply power to the first and second loads when power from at least one of said first and second power sources is less than respectively required by the first and second loads. 14. A power distribution system according to claim 10, wherein said generator is coupled to an engine of the vehicle, and at least one of said first and second power sources is configured to supply power to said engine. 15. A power distribution system according to claim 1, wherein at least one of said first and second power sources is selected from the group consisting of: a generation device and a storage device. 16. A power distribution system according to claim 15, wherein the storage device selected from the group consisting of: a fuel cell, a battery, a capacitor, an ultra-capacitor, a turbine, a micro-turbine, and a flywheel. 17. A power distribution system according to claim 15, wherein the generation device is selected from the group consisting of: an electrical generator and one or more solar cells. 18. A power distribution system for a vehicle comprising: a network including at least first and second loads; and at least a first and a second power source connected to said network, said first power source being located proximal to the first load, said second power source being located proximal to the second load, and each of said first and second power sources is configured to supply power to the first and second loads. 19. A power distribution system according to claim 18, wherein at least one of said first and second power sources is a storage device selected from the group consisting of: a fuel cell, a battery, a capacitor, an ultra-capacitor, a turbine, a micro-turbine, and a flywheel. 20. A power distribution system according to claim 18, wherein said network includes more highly power-rated components in areas configured for higher power transmission and more lowly power-rated components in areas configured for lower power transmission. 21. A power distribution system according to claim 18, wherein said network includes a plurality of loads, wherein said at least first and second power sources include a plurality of power sources interconnected to form a power source network, and wherein multiple electrical connections exist between said power source network and said network such that at least one load of the plurality of loads is configured to be supplied by multiple power sources. 22. A power distribution system according to claim 18, wherein each of said first and second power sources is configured to supply power in parallel to the first and second loads. 23. A power distribution system according to claim 18, further comprising a generator connected to said network distally from the first and second load, said generator configured to supply power to at least one of the first and second loads. 24. A power distribution system according to claim 23, wherein said first and second power sources are configured to selectively supply at least some power to said network. 25. A power distribution system according to claim 23, wherein said first and second power sources are configured to be regenerated by said generator. 26. A power distribution system according to claim 23, wherein said generator is configured to selectively supply power to the first and second loads when power from at least one of said first and second power sources is less than respectively required by the first and second loads. 27. A power distribution system according to claim 23, wherein said generator is coupled to an engine of the vehicle, and at least one of said first and second power sources is configured to supply power to said engine. 28. An air vehicle comprising: an air vehicle structure including an elongated body and at least one wing extending laterally from the body; a network for distributing power within at least part of the body, said network including one or more loads distributed within the body; and one or more power sources located in the body and connected to said network for supplying multiple of the loads. 29. An air vehicle according to claim 28, wherein said one or more power sources are connected to said network in parallel with multiple of the loads. 30. An air vehicle according to claim 28, wherein at least some of said power sources are configured to selectively supply at least some power to said network. 31. A power distribution system according to claim 28, wherein at least one of said power sources is a storage device selected from the group consisting of: a fuel cell, a battery, a capacitor, an ultra-capacitor, a turbine, a micro-turbine, and a flywheel. 32. A power distribution system according to claim 28, wherein said network includes more highly power-rated components in areas configured for higher power transmission and more lowly power-rated components in areas configured for lower power transmission. 33. A power distribution system according to claim 28, wherein said network includes a plurality of loads, wherein said one or more power sources include a plurality of power sources interconnected to form a power source network, and wherein multiple electrical connections exist between said power source network and said network such that at least one load of the plurality of loads is configured to be supplied by multiple power sources. 34. An air vehicle according to claim 28, further comprising at least one generation device coupled to and located in an area of the wing and connected to said network. 35. An air vehicle according to claim 34, wherein at least some of said sources are configured to be regenerated by said generation device. 36. A method of powering an air vehicle comprising: providing an air vehicle having an air vehicle structure including an elongated body and at least one wing extending laterally from the body; a network for distributing power within at least part of the body, the network including one or more loads distributed within the body; at least one generator located in the wing and connected to said network; and one or more storage devices connected to said network, at least some of said storage devices being located and connected proximally to at least a respective one of the loads and being connected in parallel with multiple loads; when generator output is less than demand requirements of the loads, supplying power from said storage devices; when generator output is greater than demand requirements of the load, supplying power from said generator; and regenerating at least one of said storage devices when said generator is supplying power. 