A support frame for a solar panel comprises a channel member including a bottom panel, a front vertical panel extending upward from a front edge of the bottom panel, and a rear vertical panel extending upward from rear edge of the bottom panel. Front and rear support panels for engaging a bottom surface of the solar panel extend respectively from the upper ends of the front and rear vertical panels. The front and rear support panels lie in the same inclined plane. The support frame is secured to the roof structure by a clamping assembly.
Claims 1. A support frame for supporting a solar panel on a roof, said support frame comprising: an elongated channel member including a bottom panel, a front vertical panel extending upward from a front edge of the bottom panel, and a rear vertical panel extending upward from rear edge of the bottom panel; front and rear support panels for engaging a bottom surface of the solar panel extending respectively from upper ends of said front and rear vertical panels; and wherein said front and rear support panels are coplanar and lie in the same inclined plane. 2. The support frame of claim 1 wherein the front and rear vertical panels are different heights. 3. The support frame of claim 2 wherein the rear vertical panel is higher than the front vertical panel. 4. The support frame of claim 3 wherein the front and rear support panels extend outwardly from the front and rear vertical panels. 5. The support frame of claim 4 wherein the front support panel forms an acute angle with the front vertical panel and the rear support panel forms an obtuse angle with the rear vertical panel. 6. The support frame of claim 1 further comprising a flange extending at a right angle from said front support panel for engaging a bottom edge of said solar panel and preventing the solar panel from sliding. 7. The support frame of claim 1 wherein the elongated channel, the front support panel, and the rear support panel are formed from a single sheet of material. 8. The support frame of claim 1 wherein the front and rear vertical panels are made from solid, non-perforated sheets for deflecting wind. 9. A clamping assembly for securing a support frame for a solar panel to a roof structure, said clamping assembly comprising: a base member including a base plate to be secured to the roof structure and a threaded rod extending upwardly from the base member; an elongated clamping bar to extend over a portion of said support frame to apply a clamping force to the support frame, said clamping bar have an opening through which the threaded rod extends, and a clamping nut to thread onto an end of the threaded rod and to tighten against said clamping bar to generate said clamping force. 10. The clamping assembly of claim 9 wherein said clamping bar comprises a U-shaped channel opening downwards 11. The clamping assembly of claim 10 further comprising a load distributing member for interposing between said clamping bar and said support frame to distribute clamping forces over said support frame. 12. The clamping assembly of claim 11 wherein the load distributing member comprises a U-shaped channel opening upwards. 13. A mounting system for mounting one or more solar panels to a roof structure, said mounting system comprising: a generally U-shaped support frame for supporting at least one solar panel in an inclined position above a roof structure: a clamping mechanism to secure the support frame to the roof structure, said clamping assembly comprising: a base member including a base plate adapted to be secured to the roof structure and a threaded rod extending upwardly from the base member; an elongated clamping bar to extend over a portion of said support frame to apply a clamping force to the support frame, said clamping bar have an opening through which the threaded rod extends, and a clamping nut to thread onto an end of the threaded rod and to tighten against said clamping bar to generate said clamping force. 14. The mounting system of claim 13 wherein the front and rear vertical panels are different heights. 15. The mounting system of claim 14 wherein the rear vertical panel is higher than the front vertical panel. 16. The mounting system of claim 15 wherein the front and rear support panels extend outwardly from the front and rear vertical panels. 17. The mounting system of claim 16 wherein the front support panel forms an acute angle with the front vertical panel and the rear support panel forms an obtuse angle with the rear vertical panel. 18. The mounting system of claim 13 further comprising a flange extending at a right angle from said front support panel for engaging a bottom edge of said solar panel and preventing the solar panel from sliding. 19. The mounting system of claim 13 wherein the elongated channel, the front support panel, and the rear support panel are formed from a single sheet of material. 20. The mounting system of claim 13 wherein the front and rear vertical panels are made from solid, non-perforated sheet material for deflecting wind. 21. The mounting system of claim 13 wherein said clamping bar comprises a U-shaped channel opening downwards 22. The mounting system of claim 21 further comprising a load distributing member for interposing between said clamping bar and said support frame to distribute clamping forces over said support frame. 23. The mounting system of claim 22 wherein the load distributing member comprises a U-shaped channel opening upwards. 