Systems for detecting stray voltage in a conductive object include indicators for indicating to a user of the system whether stray voltage is present in the conductive object. In one aspect, a system for detecting stray voltage includes a pick-up element in contact with the conductive object and capable of transmitting a charge of the conductive object, circuitry for generating, based on a charge received from the pick-up element, an indicator signal representative of whether stray voltage is present in the conductive object, and an indicator for indicating to a user of the system, based on the indicator signal, whether stray voltage is present in the conductive object. The system may include a housing for enclosing the circuitry and a support attached to the housing for mounting the housing on or near the conductive object such that the pick-up element is in contact with the conductive object.
Claims 1. A system for detecting stray voltage in a conductive object, comprising a pick-up element in contact with the conductive object and capable of transmitting a charge of the conductive object, circuitry in electrical communication with the pick-up element and capable of receiving a charge transmitted via the pick-up element, wherein the circuitry generates, based on the received charge, an indicator signal representative of whether stray voltage is present in the conductive object, a housing for enclosing the circuitry, a support attached to the housing for mounting the housing on or near the conductive object such that the pick-up element is in contact with the conductive object, and an indicator for indicating to a user of the system, based on the indicator signal, whether stray voltage is present in the conductive object. 2. The system of claim 1, wherein the conductive object has a cylindrical shape, and the support has a substantially hemi-cylindrical shape such that it may be disposed adjacent to the conductive object for mounting the housing on the conductive object. 3. The system of claim 1, wherein the conductive object is a metal pole. 4. The system of claim 3, wherein the conductive object is a lamp post of a lamp for lighting a public area. 5. The system of claim 1, wherein the conductive object is a lamp for lighting a public area, and the support encloses a photodetector for sensing an ambient light level and lamp circuitry in communication with the photodetector for switching the lamp between an on state and an off state according to the sensed ambient light level. 6. The system of claim 1, comprising a conductive element in electrical communication with the pick-up element and the circuitry, for transmitting a charge detected by the pick-up element to the circuitry, wherein the support has an aperture through which passes the conductive element. 7. The system of claim 1, wherein the circuitry comprises a sensor for detecting whether the received charge exceeds a predetermined threshold value, the generated indicator signal indicating a presence of stray voltage when the received charge exceeds the predetermined threshold value. 8. The system of claim 7, wherein the sensor comprises a Hex Schmitt sensor. 9. The system of claim 1, wherein the circuitry comprises a power supply for powering the circuitry. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein the power supply comprises solar cells. 11. The system of claim 10, wherein the solar cells are disposed on an exterior surface of the housing and substantially facing upwards. 12. The system of claim 9, wherein the power supply comprises a first power source and a second power source, the second power source for supplying power when the first power source is off. 13. The system of claim 12, wherein the circuitry comprises a photodetector for sensing an ambient light level, the first power source switching between on and off according to the sensed ambient light level. 14. The system of claim 9, wherein the power supply comprises a power storage device for storing power from a power source. 15. The system of claim 14, wherein the power storage device comprises a rechargeable battery. 16. The system of claim 1, wherein the indicator comprises an audio indicator for aurally indicating to the user whether stray voltage is present in the conductive object. 17. The system of claim 1, wherein the indicator comprises a network connection for automatically communicating to a remote location whether stray voltage is present in the conductive object. 18. The system of claim 1, wherein the indicator comprises a visual indicator for visually indicating to the user whether stray voltage is present in the conductive object. 19. The system of claim 18, wherein the indicator comprises a first externally visible light. 20. The system of claim 19, wherein the first externally visible light comprises a light-emitting diode. 21. The system of claim 19, wherein the first externally visible light is on when indicating a presence of stray voltage in the conductive object. 22. The system of claim 19, wherein the first externally visible light is flashing when indicating the presence of stray voltage in the conductive object. 23. The system of claim 19, wherein the first externally visible light displays a first color when on, and the indicator comprises a second externally visible light which displays a second color, different from the first color, when on, the first externally visible light turning on when indicating a presence of stray voltage in the conductive object and the second externally visible light turning on when indicating an absence of stray voltage in the conductive object. 24. The system of claim 18, wherein the visual indicator is disposed within the housing, and the housing has at least a portion through which light may pass such that the visual indicator is externally visible. 25. The system of claim 1, wherein the circuitry comprises a timer for switching the circuitry between an on state and an off state. 