"The invention concerns an energy management method in a building including a lifting installations with a mobile car in a shaft and a ventilation passages between the shaft and the atmosphere. The method includes the monitoring of at least one state parameter of the lifting installations; the evaluation, in a control unit, of the necessity to ventilate the shaft based on at least one state parameter; the switching of an obturator element associated with the ventilation passage from an open position, wherein the ventilation passages is essentially open, to a closed position, wherein the ventilation passages is at least partially obturated, only when the evaluation indicates that ventilation of the shaft is not required, the obturator element being prestressed in its open position. The invention also concerns an energy management system designed to implement the method according to. The present method and system are particularly suitable for installation of a lift in a low-energy or passive building."
Claims 1.-15. (canceled) 16. A thermal energy management method in a building comprising a lifting installation with a mobile car in a shaft and a ventilation passage between said shaft and the atmosphere, said method comprising the following steps: monitoring of at least one state parameter of said lifting installation; said monitoring of at least one state parameter comprising monitoring of a presence of a person in said lifting installation and/or monitoring of a movement of said car in said shaft; evaluation, in a control unit, of the necessity to ventilate said shaft based on said state parameter, said control unit concluding to the necessity to ventilate said shaft when a presence of a person is detected and/or when a movement of said car is detected; switching of an obturator element associated with said ventilation passage from an open position, wherein said ventilation passage is essentially open, to a closed position, wherein said ventilation passage is at least partially obturated, only when said evaluation indicates that ventilation of said shaft is not required, said obturator element (30) being prestressed in its open position. 17. The method according to claim 16, wherein monitoring of a presence of a person in said lifting installation comprises monitoring of a presence of a person in said car, on the roof of said car or in said shaft. 18. The method according to claim 16, wherein said control unit concludes to a non-necessity to ventilate said shaft, when: no presence of a person in said car, on the roof of the car or in said shaft is detected; and no movement of said car is detected. 19. The method according to claim 16, further comprising the following steps: monitoring of at least one control parameter; evaluation of the usefulness of obturating said ventilation passage based on said at least one control parameter; switching of said obturator element in its closed position when said control unit concludes to a non-necessity to ventilate said shaft, and when said evaluation indicates that obturation of said ventilation passage is useful. 20. The method according to claim 19, wherein monitoring of at least one control parameter comprises monitoring of at least one parameter chosen from the group comprising: the temperature inside said building; the temperature inside said shaft; the presence of a person on a landing of a level of said building; the temperature outside said building; the wind speed outside said building; and the level of solar radiation outside said building. 21. The method according to claim 16, further comprising the memorization, in a storage unit, of said state parameters and of a position of said obturator element. 22. The method according to claim 16, further comprising the memorization, in a storage unit, of said control parameters and of a position of said obturator element. 23. The method according to claim 16, further comprising communication of information on a position of said obturator element and/or on an operating state of said control unit. 24. A thermal energy management system in a building comprising a lifting installation with a mobile car in a shaft and a ventilation passage between said shaft and the atmosphere, said system further comprising: an obturator element associated with said ventilation passage, said obturator element being mobile between an open position, wherein said ventilation passage is essentially open, and a closed position, wherein said ventilation passage is at least partially obturated; a prestressing means for maintaining, in a passive state, said obturator element in its open position; and a control unit for controlling a position of said obturator element, said control unit comprising means for monitoring at least one state parameter of said lifting installation and for evaluating a necessity to ventilate said shaft, said control unit only allowing switching of said obturator element to a closed position when the evaluation of a necessity to ventilate said shaft indicates that ventilation of said shaft is not required, said means for monitoring at least one state parameter of said lifting installation comprising at least one means for detecting a presence of a person in said lifting installation and/or at least one means for detecting a movement of said car in said shaft, said control unit concluding to a necessity to ventilate said shaft when a presence of a person is detected and/or when a movement of said car is detected. 25. The system according to claim 24, wherein said means for detecting a presence of a person in said lifting installation comprises at least one presence sensor in said car, on the roof of said car or in said shaft. 26. The system according to claim 24, wherein said means for detecting a movement of said car in said shaft comprises at least one movement sensor. 27. The system according to claim 24, further comprising at least one control parameter sensor, said control unit comprising means for evaluating a usefulness of obturating said ventilation passage based on said at least one control parameter. 28. The system according to claim 27, wherein said at least one control parameter sensor is chosen from the group comprising: a temperature sensor inside said building; a temperature sensor inside said shaft; a presence sensor for a person on a landing of a level of said building; a temperature sensor outside said building; a wind speed sensor outside said building; and a solar radiation level sensor outside said building. 29. The system according to claim 24, wherein said control unit comprises at least two redundant central processing units. 30. The system according to claim 24, further comprising a storage unit, said storage unit memorizing said state parameters and a position of said obturator element. 31. The system according to claim 27, further comprising a storage unit, said storage unit memorizing said control parameters and a position of said obturator element. 32. The system according to claim 24, further comprising an information unit signalling a position of said obturator element and/or an operating state of said control unit. 