The Invention relates to a connection unit for photovoltaic solar modules with bare connection sections of the strip conductor. The aim of the Invention is to create a connection unit that can be rapidly connected to the photovoltaic solar module and enables individual parts to be easily exchanged. According to the Invention, the solar module (2) is provided with bare connection sections of the strip conductors (9). The connection unit (1) is comprised of a base body (3) and off at least one slide-in housing part (6), with interior electrical contact elements and components. The connection unit (1) is directly placed in a tight manner on the surface of a solar module (2). The base body (3) comprises a recess (4) inside of which interior electrical contact elements (5) are formed, arranged and positioned in such a manner that they can be contacted, via plug-type connections, via slide-in housing part (6) and the individual parts thereof and/or by the conductors of the connection cable (11). These contact elements (5) are connected to a switching and control unit (7) inside the slide-in housing part (6). The contacting (8) of the electrical contact elements (5) situated in a plane with the contact area on the strip conductor (9) of the solar module (2). The connection unit (1) serves to deliver power from the photovoltaic solar module (2) to consumers and to protect and prolong the serviceable live of the electrical connections and interior electronic components.
Claims 1. Interface unit for photovoltaic solar modules with the freely disposed interface sections of the conductor track comprising a base housing and at least a further housing part, with interior disposed electrical contact and device elements with or without connection cable, in particular for photovoltaic solar modules in plate shape, characterized in that an interface unit (1) is disposed sealingly immediately on the surface of a plate shape solar module (2), wherein the base body (3) of the interface unit (1) has at least one recess (4), wherein interior disposed electrical contact elements (5) are disposed in the base body (3) or in a slide-in housing part (6), wherein the electrical contact elements (5) are switchingly connected to a switching and control circuit (7) within the slide-in housing part (6), wherein the contacting (8) of the electrical contact elements (5) is disposed in a plane with the rest face on the conductor track (9) of the plate shape solar module (2), wherein the shape and the position of the electrical contact elements (5) correspond to the freely disposed interface sectors (10) of the conductor tracks (9), and wherein the base body (3) completely insulates the interface unit (1). 2. Interface unit for photovoltaic solar modules according to claim 1, characterized in that one or several connection cables (11) are connected with the electrical contact elements (5) and the switching and control circuit (7) within the base body (3) and wherein the base body (3) positions, attaches and simultaneously insulates the connection cable or the connection cables (11) by way off special cable accessories. 3. Interface unit for photovoltaic solar modules according to claim 1, characterized in that as selected different electrical and/or electronic device elements and/or power electronic switching units and/or integrated circuits are switchingly connected in the switching and control circuit (7). 4. Interface unit for photovoltaic solar modules according to claim, characterized in that the slide-in housing part (6) is formed as a cooling body. 5. Interface unit for photovoltaic solar modules according to claim 1, characterized in that the slide-in housing part (6) is formed as a plastic injection cast part or as a cast mold part. 6. Interface unit for photovoltaic solar modules according to claim 1, characterized in that a passage and/or active cooling device is disposed at or in the slide-in housing part (6). 7. Interface unit for photovoltaic solar modules according to claim 1, characterized in that the slide in housing part (6) comprises a flat constructed electrical connection unit (21) and the thereupon resting cooling body part (22) and/or an additional plug in connection part. 8. Interface unit for photovoltaic solar modules according to claim 7, characterized in that at least one contacting opening (23) for feeding through the contact elements (5) is disposed in the floor of the plug-in form part (20), in that a feed-in region (24) is furnished, wherein the feed-in region (24) in its shape and dimensions corresponds to the flat constructed electrical connection unit (21), where a receiver shaft (25) is furnished above the feed in region (24) for a preformed cooling body (22), wherein the flat constructed electrical connection unit (21) is connected to the conductor tracks (9) of the plate shape solar module (2) and to the connection cable (11) by way of the electrical contact elements (5), and the plug-in form part (20) positions at the same time the connection cable (11) by way of a cable connection and attachment opening (26) and realizes the tension release fuse. 9. Interface unit for photovoltaic solar modules according to claim 8 characterized in that the flat constructed electrical connection unit (21) comprises a flat formed diode. 10. Interface unit for photovoltaic solar modules according to claim 8, characterized in that one or several bypass diodes or strand diodes are switchingly connected with the electrical connection unit (21). 11. Interface unit for photovoltaic solar modules according to claim 8, characterized in that a battery charging automatic controller is integrated in the electrical connection unit (21). 12. Interface unit for photovoltaic solar modules according to claim 8, characterized in that a DC to AC inverter is integrated in the electrical connection unit (21). 13. Interface unit for photovoltaic solar modules according to claim 1, characterized in that the electrical contact elements (5) are furnished as spring contacts with flat plug connectors. 14. Interface unit for photovoltaic solar modules according to claim 1 characterized in that one or several sealings are disposed at or around the recess (4). 15. Interface unit for photovoltaic solar modules according to claim 1 characterized in that the recess (4) after the contacting is insulated with a casting mass. 16. Interface unit for photovoltaic solar modules according to claim 1, characterized in that a self diagnosis device is integrated into the switching and control circuit (7). 17. Interface unit for photovoltaic solar modules according to claim 1, characterized in that the slide-in housing part (6) is exchangeable disposed. 