Methods and devices are provided for improved large-scale solar installations. In one embodiment, a photovoltaic module is provided comprising a module front layer comprising a glass plate, a module back layer comprising an electrically conductive foil, and a plurality of solar cells arranged to be protected by the front layer and the back layer. In some embodiments, the module back layer is aluminum foil. The module back layer may have an externally exposed surface. The module back layer may be electrically grounded. An electrically insulating pottant material may be used with the solar cells to separate them from the module back layer. This allows for a high voltage withstand between the cells and the outer surface of the back layer.
Claims 1. A photovoltaic module comprising: a rigid transparent front layer, an electrically conductive foil back layer, and a plurality of solar cells arranged to be protected by the front layer and the back layer, wherein the conductive foil is wrapped around to cover an edge of the front layer and/or an edge and a portion of the front surface of the front layer. 2. The module of claim 1 wherein the rigid transparent front layer comprises a glass plate. 3. The module of claim 1 wherein the solar cells are positioned between the front layer and the back layer. 4. The module of claim 1 wherein the foil is electrically conductive and set at a voltage potential of one of the solar cells of the module. 5. The module of claim 1 wherein the foil covering the edge of the front layer provides a moisture barrier to prevent moisture entry between the front layer and the back layer. 6. The module of claim 1 further comprising an adhesive between at least the front layer and the foil covering the edge of the front layer. 7. The module of claim 1 further comprising a butyl rubber adhesive containing silane primer, wherein the adhesive is between at least the front layer and the foil covering the edge of the front layer. 8. A method comprising: forming a module comprising a rigid transparent front layer, an electrically conductive foil back layer, and a plurality of solar cells arranged to be protected by the front layer and the back layer. 9. A method comprising: installing a plurality of modules, wherein each of the modules comprises a rigid transparent front layer, an electrically conductive foil back layer, and a plurality of solar cells arranged to be protected by the front layer and the back layer. 10. The method of claim 9 wherein the modules are installed in landscape configuration. 11. A photovoltaic power installation comprising: a plurality of a modules, wherein each of the modules comprises a rigid transparent front layer, an electrically conductive foil back layer, and a plurality of solar cells arranged to be protected by the front layer and the back layer 12. The photovoltaic power installation of claim 11 wherein the solar cells are positioned between the front layer and the back layer. 13. The photovoltaic power installation of claim 11 wherein the modules are mounted in landscape configuration. 14. The photovoltaic power installation of claim 11 further comprising a plurality of electrical leads from each of the modules, wherein adjacent modules are coupled together by at least one of the electrical leads extending outward from the modules without passing through a central junction box on the modules to reach an adjacent module. 15. The photovoltaic power installation of claim 14 wherein the electrical leads include connectors each having a length less than about 2.times. a distance separating adjacent modules, wherein length is measured based on the portion of the connector located outside of the modules. 16. The photovoltaic power installation of claim 11 wherein the modules are coupled in a series interconnection. 17. The photovoltaic power installation of claim 11 wherein the modules are mounted on to support rails and the support rails are mounted to support beams. 18. The photovoltaic power installation of claim 11 wherein the modules are frameless modules. 19. The photovoltaic power installation of claim 11 wherein the modules in one row are electrically coupled in series. 20. The photovoltaic power installation of claim 11 wherein the modules are in one row of the installation and wherein subsets of the modules in the row are coupled in series. 21. The photovoltaic power installation of claim 11 wherein the modules one row of the installation are coupled in series, wherein connections between rows are in parallel. 22. The photovoltaic power installation of claim 11 wherein the modules in one row of the installation are electrically coupled in series, wherein connections between rows are in series. 23. The photovoltaic power installation of claim 11 wherein the modules are frameless and mounted on a plurality of rails, wherein the rails carry electrical charge between modules. 24. The photovoltaic power installation of claim 11 wherein the modules are ground mounted. 25. The photovoltaic power installation of claim 11 wherein the modules are roof mounted. 26. The photovoltaic power installation of claim 11 wherein the modules are roof mounted on low profile, angled mounting brackets coupled to the roof. 