A mobile power system for producing power at a desired location includes a first power generating device of a first type coupled to a transportable housing, and a second power generating device of a second type coupled to the transportable housing. The first type of power generating device is different than the second type of power generating device. According to an exemplary embodiment, the mobile power system may provide easy access to different types of power outputs. Further, the housing may have the approximate size of a standard freight container.
Claims 1.-141. (canceled) 142. A closeable housing comprising: a solar power generating device storable inside the closeable housing and configured to be removed from within the closeable housing; a plurality of coupling components storable inside the closeable housing and capable of coupling the solar power generating device to an exterior surface of the closeable housing; a power unit integrated within the closeable housing, the power unit being capable of receiving power from the solar power generating device; and a control panel located on the exterior surface of the closeable housing and connected to the power unit, the control panel including a connector configured to transmit power to a load device connected to the control panel; wherein the closeable housing is configured to be transported to a desired location when the solar power generating device and the plurality of coupling components are stored inside the closeable housing. 143. The closeable housing of claim 142, wherein the power unit includes at least one of a battery and a fuel cell. 144. The closeable housing of claim 142, further including a wind power generating device storable inside the closeable housing and configured to be removed from within the closeable housing, the plurality of coupling components being capable of coupling the wind power generating device to the exterior surface of the closeable housing, the power unit being capable of receiving power from the wind power generating device, wherein the closeable housing is configured to be transported to the desired location when the wind power generating device is stored inside the closeable housing. 145. The closeable housing of claim 144, wherein the control panel includes connectors configured to connect to the solar and wind power generating devices. 146. The closeable housing of claim 142, wherein the solar power generating device includes at least one solar array stored in the closeable housing in a folded configuration. 147. The closeable housing of claim 142, wherein the control panel includes a connector configured to connect to an external power unit, the external power unit capable of transmitting power to the control panel. 148. The closeable housing of claim 142, wherein the control panel includes a telecommunications interface for communicating signals. 149. The closeable housing of claim 142, wherein the plurality of coupling components includes at least one coupling component configured to electrically couple the solar power generating device to the control panel. 150. A closeable housing comprising: a solar power generating device storable inside the closeable housing; a wind power generating device storable inside the closeable housing, the solar and wind power generating devices being configured to be removed from within the closeable housing; a plurality of coupling components storable inside the closeable housing and capable of coupling the solar and wind power generating devices to an exterior surface of the closeable housing; and a power unit integrated within the closeable housing and including at least one power storage device, the power unit being capable of receiving power from the solar and wind power generating devices; wherein the closeable housing is configured to be transported to a desired location when the solar power generating devices and the plurality of coupling components are stored inside the closeable housing; and the closeable housing is capable of being stacked on top of a similar closeable housing. 151. The closeable housing of claim 150, wherein the closeable housing is a first closeable housing configured to be connected to a second closeable housing. 152. The closeable housing of claim 150, wherein the closeable housing is connected electrically to a power grid. 153. The closeable housing of claim 150, wherein the closeable housing is connected to at least one wheel provided externally to the closeable housing. 154. The closeable housing of claim 150, further including a back-up power unit integrated within the closeable housing, the back-up power unit including at least one fuel cell. 155. The closeable housing of claim 150, further including a back-up power unit integrated within the closeable housing, the backup power unit including at least one of a natural gas driven generator, an oil driven generator, a propane driven generator, a diesel fuel driven generator, and a gasoline driven generator. 156. The closeable housing of claim 150, further including a control panel located on the exterior surface of the closeable housing, the control panel including a connector configured to transmit power to a load device. 157. The closeable housing of claim 150, further including a control panel located on the exterior surface of the closeable housing, the control panel including a connector configured to receive power from an external power unit and the solar and wind power generating devices. 158. The closeable housing of claim 150, wherein the plurality of coupling components includes at least one coupling component configured to electrically couple at least one of the solar and wind power generating devices to the exterior surface of the closeable housing. 159. A method of producing and delivering power at a desired location, comprising: coupling a solar power generating device to an exterior surface of a transportable housing using a plurality of coupling components; storing a power unit in the transportable housing, the power unit including at least one power storage device; receiving power from the solar power generating device; transmitting power to the power unit; transmitting data via a communications system to a remote location; detaching the solar power generating device from the transportable housing; storing the solar power generating device and the plurality of coupling components within the transportable housing, the storing including storing components necessary to couple the solar power generating device to the exterior surface of the transportable housing; and transporting the transportable housing to a desired location. 160. The method of claim 159, further including connecting the transportable housing to a second transportable housing. 161. The method of claim 159, further including electrically connecting the transportable housing to a power grid. 162. The method of claim 159, wherein at least one wheel is provided externally to the transportable housing. 163. The method of claim 159, further including remotely monitoring or controlling at least one device in the transportable housing. 164. The method of claim 159, wherein the data is transmitted for remotely monitoring or controlling the transportable housing. 165. The method of claim 159, wherein the data is transmitted wirelessly. 166. The method of claim 159, further including providing access to the received power via a control panel located on an external surface of the transportable housing. 167. The method of claim 166, further including providing power to a load device connected to the control panel. 168. The method of claim 166, further including receiving power from an external power unit connected to the control panel. 169. The method of claim 159, further including detecting a characteristic of an environment. 170. The method of claim 159, wherein the plurality of coupling components includes at least one coupling component configured to electrically couple the solar power generating device to the exterior surface of the transportable housing. 171. A closeable housing comprising: a solar power generating device storable inside the closeable housing, the solar power generating device being configured to be removed from within the closeable housing; a telecommunications system for communicating signals; a plurality of coupling components storable inside the closeable housing and capable of coupling the solar power generating device to an exterior surface of the closeable housing; a power unit integrated within the closeable housing, the power unit including at least one power storage device, the power unit being capable of receiving power from the solar power generating device; a back-up power unit integrated within the closeable housing, the back-up power unit including at least one power generating device; and a control panel located on the exterior surface of the closeable housing and connected to the power unit, the control panel including a connector configured to transmit power to a load device connected to the control panel; wherein the closeable housing is configured to be transported to a desired location when the solar power generating device and the plurality of coupling components are stored inside the closeable housing. 172. The closeable housing of claim 171, wherein: the at least one power storage device includes at least one of a battery and a fuel cell; and the at least one power generating device includes at least one of a fuel cell and a generator. 173. The closeable housing of claim 171, wherein the closeable housing is a first closeable housing configured to be connected to a second closeable housing. 174. The closeable housing of claim 171, wherein the closeable housing is connected electrically to a power grid. 175. The closeable housing of claim 171, wherein the closeable housing is connected to an external power source. 176. The closeable housing of claim 171, wherein the closeable housing is connected to at least one wheel provided externally to the closeable housing. 177. The closeable housing of claim 171, wherein the signals are communicated for remotely controlling or remotely monitoring at least one device in the closeable housing. 178. The closeable housing of claim 171, wherein the plurality of coupling components includes at least one coupling component configured to electrically couple the solar power generating device to the exterior surface of the closeable housing. 179. A mobile power station comprising: a trailer; a solar power generating device storable on the trailer; a wind power generating device storable on the trailer; a plurality of coupling components storable on the trailer and capable of coupling the solar and wind power generating devices to the trailer; and a power unit storable on the trailer and including at least one power storage device, the power unit being capable of receiving power from the solar and wind power generating devices; wherein the trailer is configured to be transported to a desired location when the solar and wind power generating devices and the plurality of coupling components are stored on the trailer. 180. The mobile power station of claim 179, wherein the plurality of coupling components includes at least one coupling component configured to electrically couple at least one of the solar and wind power generating devices to the trailer. 181. The mobile power station of claim 179, further including a housing storable on the trailer and removable from the trailer, the wind and solar power generating devices being storable in the housing. 182. The mobile power station of claim 179, further including a housing permanently attached to the trailer, the wind and solar power generating devices being storable in the housing. 183. The closeable housing of claim 179, further including a control panel located on the trailer, the control panel including a first connector configured to transmit power to a load device and a second connector configured to receive power from an external power unit and the solar and wind power generating devices. 