A temperature regulation system of the type utilizing free solar energy or electrical power, or both of them to heat up air and create thermo-siphoning effect and air driving force in order to regulate temperature, exchange air, and filter air. With the aids of electrical fan temperature regulation module to enhance its performance and support its functions while solar energy is not available or less. Three movable air flow channel units (1801, 1904, and 2008) that direct air flow directions in system to makes system functions controllable. A two-versioned bi-direction air flow channel extender (2201a and 2201b) being attached to system to improve indoor heat convection, and air filters (1806 and 2005), fan filter (1501), and indoor air filter units (2301 and 2302) being equipped in or attached to system makes air filtration possible. A system framework (FIG. 7) provides supporting mechanism for all system parts, aid, and attachments, and provides mechanism for mounting system to object.
Claims 1. A system for temperature regulation, air exchanging, and air filtration, comprising: 1a. a solar heating plate which is a formed metal plate with black colored on its front for absorbing solar energy and heat up the air flowing over it in order to create thermo-siphoning effect and air driving force, and one or plurality of electrical heating element and heat dispersing fins being attached to its front as the heating source of electrical power which having the same effect as solar energy, and 1b. a transparent plate or some sort of equivalents which enabling sun beam passing through in order to heat up solar heating plate, and is also used as an system front air guiding plate and front cover, and 1c. a top cover which is a formed plate with its front cover being protruded to prevent rains from invading system, several openings being arranged at its front bottom for guiding air flowing in and out, one protruded plate being formed behind said openings for securing transparent plate, it being used as system top cover, and 1d. a hot air flow channel unit which is a formed frame for guiding heated air exiting outdoor or indoor, or outdoor air entering system, and 1e. an indoor hot air flow channel unit which is a formed frame with openings being arranged at its front bottom and the rear end to guide and control indoor warm air entering system, and 1f. a bi-direction air flow channel unit which is a formed frame with rear end opening of bi-direction air flow channel unit, front end opening of bi-direction air flow channel unit, and front end bottom opening of bi-direction air flow channel unit being arranged to it for controlling air flow directions, it guiding outdoor cool air entering indoor, indoor cool air entering system, or heated air entering indoor, and 1g. an air guiding plate which is a formed plate for guiding air flow, and it is also used as the rear cover of front system portion, and 1h. a system framework which structuring, supporting, and enclosing most of the system parts, and provides mechanism for mounting system to its object, and 1i. a set of left and right hand side covers which being adjacent with the above said parts to form an air flow channel and a hot air flow channel that being connected to each other for all system air flowing, said side covers enabling system framework to support them and all the parts being adjacent to them, and isolating system from outdoor on their sides each, and 1j. Several 3 level step-down stand-offs that are made of heat resistant and non-heat conductive material is being used to secure with said solar heating plate and said air guiding plate, Whereby said solar energy and said electrical power each can be applied alone or collaboratively for heating up air, creating thermo-siphoning effect, and generating air driving force to regulate temperature and exchange air, 2. The system of claim 1 wherein said solar heating plate with several solar heating plate holes being formed on it for assembly with said 3 level step-down stand-offs and said air guiding plate and said transparent plate to form said air flow channel and said hot air flow channel, one rear guiding plate being attached behind with an upper hinged gate being arranged at its rear end for control air flow direction of said hot air flow channel unit. 3. The system of claim 1 wherein said electrical heating element with heat dispersing fins being attached is the main item of said electrical power in system which can be applied to work alone while said solar energy is not available, or collaboratively work with the solar energy while it is less or for system performance enhancement. 4. The system of claim 1 wherein said hot air flow channel unit with a front bottom opening of hot air flow channel unit being arranged in it which is opening width being matched to the opening width of said top cover plus the width of said hot air flow channel in order to control heated air exiting outdoor or indoor, and a tilted rear end opening of hot air flow channel unit being arranged at its rear for controlling said upper hinged gate of said solar heating plate. 5. The system of claim 1 wherein said bi-direction air flow channel unit with several slot frames of bi-direction air flow channel unit being arranged in it for its structure supporting and providing channels for outdoor air flow circulation. 6. The system of claim 1 wherein said air guiding plate with several air guiding plate holes being formed on it for securing with said 3 level step-down stand-offs, a hole with strain relief fitting for electrical heating element power cord being arranged to its bottom for that purpose, a hinged gate for bi-direction air flow channel unit being attached to its rear bottom edge to control the air flow direction of said bi-direction air flow channel unit. 7. The system of claim 1 wherein said system framework with one base plate being arranged at its front bottom as the base of said air flow channels and said hot air flow channel, one front hinged gate being arranged at the middle portion of said base plate for controlling the air flow direction of said bi-direction air flow channel, and several bottom lock sets and upper lock sets being arranged at its front end tips for securing locking bolts that are used to fix and lock said top cover and said transparent plate to it, and there are several mounting plates being attached to its rear end for mounting system to object, and said electrical fan module and said bezel to it. 8. The system of claim 1 wherein said 3 level step-down stand-off assembling with said solar heating plate and said air guiding plate at the said holes of them to fix said two air flow channels in system and fix the widths of said two air flow channels with said transparent plate that jointed to it, 9. The system of claim 1 wherein said solar heating plate, said system framework, said air guiding plate, said left and right hand side covers, said bi-direction air flow channel unit, and said top cover are heat insulation material being attached or coated to prevent heat from dissipating to outdoor or their surroundings that are not desired to. 10. The system of claim 1 wherein said solar heating plate, said air guiding plate, said left and right hand side covers, said top cover, said transparent plate, and said indoor hot air flow channel unit are sealing strips being attached to prevent air from escaping to outdoor or their surroundings that are not desired to. 11. The system of claim 1 wherein said hot air flow channel unit and said bi-direction air flow channel with nipples for mounting the air filter of hot air flow channel unit and nipples for mounting the air filter of bi-direction air flow channel unit being formed on them to match with dimples of the air filter of hot air flow channel unit and dimple of the air filter of bi-direction air flow channel unit each respectively in order to fix said air filters to them each for easy assembling and replacing the air filters without disassembling the whole system from object, these air filters filtering outdoor air that entering system and isolating insect from outdoor, Whereby outdoor air that entering system or indoor can be filtered. 12. The system of claim 1, wherein 12a. said hot air flow channel unit, said indoor hot air flow channel unit, and said bi-direction air flow channel unit each using the moving of their different locations in system each to control the air flow directions each in system to make system functions possible, and 12b. said indoor hot air flow channel unit can be location in system offset a little toward rear while air is flowing in it, and said bi-direction air flow channel unit can be location in system offset a little toward front while air is flowing in it from indoor to system, these making the related openings to be smaller in order to accelerate their air flow velocity. 13. An electrical fan temperature regulation module for supporting the system of claim 1 to enhance system performance in short time, and supporting system functions while solar energy is not available or less, it comprising 13a. an electrical fan module that comprises one or plurality of electrical fans with speed and blow in and blow out controllable mechanism to drive air entering indoor or outdoor, and a hood being attached around said fan to prevent rains from invading, a fan filter being arranged to it to isolate dust and insect from outdoor, and a formed fan module frame that providing assembling mechanism for said fan, providing assembling mechanism for said fan filter by nipples and dimples formed on them respectively, and providing mounting mechanism for this module to said system framework, air freshening material can be applied to the fan filter for that purpose, and 13b. a fan gate module is a formed fan gate to guide air flow direction from or to where it desires, with heat insulation material being attached to its front, several long 2 level step-down bolt and short 2 level step-down bolt that being attached to it and its two paired fan gate supporting arms for said fan gate supporting and turning, several screw bolt and wing nuts each is used at connected point of said paired fan gate supporting arms to fix the fan gate opening angle desired, and several magnetic material being attached to the bottom of fan gate to lock said fan gate when the fan gate is closed, this fan gate module can be alternatively mounted to system up side down to direct air flow to or from upper portion of indoor for better heat convection, and 13c. a bezel is a formed plate and being used as the system indoor interfaces with several openings arranged on it, and several lock sets being attached on its back to provide supporting and turning points for said fan gate and said fan gate supporting arms of the fan gate module, Whereby said electrical fan temperature regulation module will enhance system performance in short time, and support system functions while solar energy is not available or less. 14. Several attachments for the system of claim 1 for improving indoor heat convection and filtering indoor air, comprising 14a. an bi-direction air flow channel extender version A or version B and a supporting bracket for bi-direction air flow channel extender version A or version B, said extender extending said rear end opening of said bi-direction air flow channel unit to lower potion of indoor for better indoor heat convection with the supporting from said supporting bracket that being mounted to object at the location below system, the extender is a formed unit with several slot frames being arranged in it for supporting its structure and providing openings for seeing through outdoor and air circulating while said system is mounted to window frame, several screw bolts being arranged to the extender for supporting it to indoor ground, and the extender can be up side down applied to system to match with the rear end opening of indoor hot air flow channel unit for extending the said opening to upper portion of indoor with said supporting bracket being mounted to object above system mounting location for supporting it while this system is installed to the lower potion of indoor for better indoor heat convection, and 14b. A set of indoor air filter unit 1 and indoor air filter unit 2 which being attached to the system for filtering indoor air, and sticking indoor air dust and oil fume for preventing them from polluting system, said units are formed frames with air filter being attached to their 5 inner sides to leave their opening of unit and opening of unit 2 and center free in order to match the location moving of each said air flow channel units in system, with some magnetic material being arranged to said openings each for attaching them to the matched said openings each of said bezel, alternatively said indoor air filter unit 2 can be attached to the bottom end opening of said bi-direction air flow channel extender while said extender is applied, and said indoor air filter units can be air freshening material applied on for that purpose, Whereby said attachments will improve indoor heat convection for better performance, and filter indoor air and prevent air dust and oil fume from polluting system. 