A safety system and method of an air distribution system having at least one fill panel are disclosed. In one embodiment, the safety system includes a supply unit of a structure to facilitate delivery of breathable air from a source of compressed air to an air distribution system of the structure, a valve of the air distribution system to prevent leakage of the breathable air from the air distribution system potentially leading to loss of a system pressure, and a fill panel interior to the building structure having RIC/UAC fitting pressure rated for each fill outlet of the fill panel to fill a breathable air apparatus expediting a breathable air extraction process from the air distribution system and to provide the breathable air to the breathable air apparatus at multiple locations of the structure.
Claims 1. A safety system of a building structure, comprising: a supply unit of a building structure to facilitate delivery of breathable air from a source of compressed air to an air distribution system of the building structure; a valve to prevent leakage of the breathable air from the air distribution system potentially leading to loss of system pressure; a fill panel interior to the building structure having a RIC/UAC fitting pressure rated for a fill outlet of the fill panel to fill a breathable air apparatus to expedite a breathable air extraction process from the air distribution system and to provide the breathable air to the breathable air apparatus at multiple locations of the building structure; and a distribution structure that is compatible with use with compressed air that facilitates dissemination of the breathable air of the source of compressed air to multiple locations of the building structure. 2. The system of claim 1 further comprising a supply unit enclosure encompassing the supply unit having any of a weather resistant feature, ultraviolet and infrared solar radiation resistant feature to prevent corrosion and physical damage. 3. The system of claim 2 further comprising a locking mechanism of the supply unit enclosure and a fill panel enclosure of the fill panel to secure the supply unit and the fill panel from intrusions that potentially compromise safety and reliability of the air distribution system. 4. The system of claim 2 further comprising at least an 18 gauge carbon steel of the supply unit enclosure that minimizes physical damage due to various hazards by protecting the supply unit from any of an intrusion and damage. 5. The system of claim 1 further comprising a valve of the supply unit to perform any of a suspension of transfer and a reduction of flow of breathable air from the source of compressed air to the air distribution system when useful. 6. The system of claim 5 further comprising a safety relief valve of any of the supply unit and the fill panel set to have an open pressure of at most approximately 10% more than a design pressure of the air distribution system to ensure reliability of the air distribution system through maintaining the system pressure such that it is within a threshold range of a pressure rating of each component of the air distribution system. 7. The system of claim 1 further comprising any of a CGA connector and a RIC/UAC connector of the supply unit to facilitate a connection with the source of compressed air through ensuring compatibility with a connector of the source of compressed air. 8. The system of claim 7 further comprising an adjustable pressure regulator of the supply unit to adjust a fill pressure of the source of compressed air to ensure that the fill pressure does not exceed the design pressure of the air distribution system. 9. The system of claim 2 further comprising at least one pressure gauge of the supply unit enclosure to indicate any of the system pressure of the air distribution system and the fill pressure of the source of compressed air. 10. The system of claim 2 further comprising a visible marking of the supply unit enclosure and the fill panel enclosure to provide luminescence in a reduced light environment. 11. The system of claim 3 further comprising at least substantially an 18 gauge carbon steel of the supply unit and fill panel enclosure to minimize physical damage of various naturally occurring and man-imposed hazards through protecting the supply unit and fill panel from any of an intrusion and damage. 12. The system of claim 1 further comprising a valve of the fill panel to prevent leakage of air from the air distribution system potentially leading to pressure loss of the air distribution system through ensuring that the system pressure is maintained within a threshold range of the design pressure to reliably fill the breathable air apparatus. 13. The system of claim 1 further comprising an isolation valve of the fill panel to isolate a fill panel from a remaining portion of the air distribution system. 14. The system of claim 1 further comprising at least one pressure regulator of the fill panel to adjust the fill pressure to fill the breathable air apparatus and to ensure that the fill pressure does not exceed the pressure rating for the RIC/UAC fitting. 15. The system of claim 13 further comprising at least one pressure gauge of the fill station to indicate any of a fill pressure of the fill panel and a system pressure of the air distribution system. 16. The system of claim 1 further comprising any of a fire rated material and a fire rated assembly to enclose the distribution structure such that the distribution structure has the ability to withstand elevated temperatures for a prescribed period of time. 17. The system of claim 16 further comprising a robust solid casing to encase the distribution structure to prevent physical damage to the distribution structure potentially compromising the safety and integrity of the air distribution system. 18. The system of claim 1 wherein each fill outlet of the fill panel is coupleable to any of a self-contained breathable air apparatus and a respiratory mask having a compatible RIC/UAC connector to deliver the breathable air. 19. The system of claim 1 wherein the distribution structure comprises any of a stainless steel and a thermoplastic material that is compatible for use with compressed air 20. A method of safety of a structure, comprising: ensuring that a prescribed pressure of an emergency support system maintains within a threshold range of the prescribed pressure by including a valve of the emergency support system to prevent leakage of breathable air from the emergency support system; and expediting an air extraction process from the emergency support system by including a RIC/UAC fitting to a fill panel to fill a breathable air apparatus. 21. The method of claim 20 further comprising providing protection against any of fire and physical damage to a distribution structure that couples the supply unit and a fill site to transfer breathable air from the source of compressed air to the fill site. 22. The method of claim 21 further comprising ensuring that the distribution structure withstands elevated temperatures for a period of time through any of an enclosing the distribution structure in any of the fire rated material and assembly that embeds the distribution structure in a fire rated assembly of the building structure that is fire rated. 23. The method of claim 21 further comprising providing any of a tamper resistant shielding and a corrosion preventive shielding for the distribution structure such that unauthorized access and natural wear to the distribution structure is prevented through an enclosure of the distribution structure in a robust material. 24. The method of claim 20 further comprising preventing corrosion and physical damage of weather through a weather resistant feature of a supply unit enclosure. 25. The method of claim 24 further comprising providing a locking mechanism of the supply unit enclosure and a fill panel enclosure to prevent an intrusion potentially compromising safety and reliability of the emergency support system. 26. The method of claim 20 further comprising suspending transfer of breathable air from the source of compressed air to the emergency support system through utilizing a valve of the supply unit when necessary. 27. The method of claim 22 further comprising automatically adjusting the system pressure when it exceeds the prescribed pressure of the emergency support system by a prescribed amount through automatically triggering a safety relief valve of any of a supply unit and a fill panel. 28. The method of claim 23 further comprising adjusting a fill pressure of the supply unit to ensure that the fill pressure of the source of compressed air does not exceed the prescribed pressure of the emergency support system to maintain reliability of the emergency support system. 29. The method of claim 22 further comprising automatically monitoring any of the system pressure of the emergency support system and the fill pressure of the source of compressed air with at least one pressure gauge of the supply unit enclosure. 30. The method of claim 22 further comprising enhancing visibility of the supply unit enclosure and the fill panel enclosure to provide luminescence in a reduced light environment. 31. The method of claim 25 further comprising minimizing physical damage of various external hazards to protect the fill panel and the supply unit from any of an intrusion and damage through utilizing at least substantially 18 gauge carbon steel of the fill panel enclosure and the supply unit enclosure. 32. The method of claim 20 further comprising preventing leakage of air from the emergency support system potentially leading to pressure loss of the emergency support system through utilizing a valve of the fill panel. 33. The method of claim 20 further comprising isolating a fill panel from a remaining portion of the emergency support system by incorporating an isolation valve to the fill panel such that the remaining portion of the emergency support system is utilizable in an emergency situation. 34. The method of claim 31 further comprising adjusting a fill pressure of the fill panel and ensuring that the fill pressure of the fill panel does not exceed the pressure rating for the RIC/UAC fitting. 35. The method of claim 20 wherein the prescribed pressure of the emergency support system is designated based on a municipality code that specifies a pressure rating of the breathable air apparatus that is used in an authority agency of a particular geographic location. 36. A building structure, comprising: a first set of walls extending vertically and horizontally enclosing an area of land such that the area of land is in the internal region of the building structure; a second set of walls that divide the internal region of the building structure in any of a horizontal and vertical direction into areas displaced any of a horizontally and vertically from one another; a supply unit adjacent to a particular wall of the first set of walls to facilitate delivery of breathable air from a source of compressed air to an emergency support system of the building structure; a fill panel of the internal region of the building structure having a RIC/UAC fitting to expedite a breathable air extraction process from the emergency support system and to provide the breathable air to the breathable air apparatus at multiple locations of the building structure; and a distribution structure that is compatible with use with compressed air that facilitates dissemination of the breathable air of the source of compressed air to multiple locations of the building structure. 37. The structure of claim 36 further comprising an air monitoring system to automatically track and record any impurities and contaminants in the breathable air of the air distribution system. 38. The structure of claim 37 further comprising an air pressure monitor that is electrically coupled to an alarm such that the alarm is set off when the system pressure of the air distribution system is outside a prescribed threshold range. 