A heap bioleaching process wherein carbon, in the form of a carbonate, carbon dioxide or organic carbon, is added to the heap when the temperature in the heap is in the range of 45.degree. C. to 60.degree. C. to increase microbial activity and thereby raise the heap temperature to about 60.degree. C.
Claims 1. A method of operating a microbial mediated ore heap leaching process which includes the step of changing at least one operating parameter to raise the temperature in the heap when carbon supply becomes limiting to microbial activity in the temperature range of about 45.degree. C. to about 60.degree. C., and thus to sulphur oxidation and heat generation, in the heap. 2. A method according to claim 1 wherein the at least one operating parameter is changed by means of at least one of the following: (a) adding carbon to the heap; and (b) adding heat to the heap 3. A method according to claim 2 wherein the carbon is added by means of at least one of the following: (a) by enriching the carbon dioxide content in an air stream supplied to the heap; (b) by adding carbonate-containing minerals to the heap; and (c) by adding organic carbon to the heap. 4. A method according to claim 3 wherein the organic carbon is at least one of the following: (a) molasses; and (b) yeast, or a yeast extract. 5. A method according to claim 2 wherein the heat is added by means of at least one of the following: (a) by heating an irrigation solution which is supplied to the heap; (b) by heating air which is supplied to the heap; (c) by solar heating the heap; (d) by applying thermal insulation to the heap to reduce heat losses; and (e) by adding heat which is generated in a tank leaching operation to the heap. 6. A method according to claim 1 which includes the step of monitoring the heap to detect reduced microbial activity and, once such detection takes place, of initiating the change in the at least one operating parameter. 7. A method according to claim 1 wherein the step of changing the at least one operating parameter is initiated when the temperature in the heap is above 40.degree. C. 8. A method according to claim 1 wherein microbial growth limitation is detected by monitoring heat evolution in the heap. 9. A method according to claim 1 wherein the step of changing the at least one operating parameter is initiated at a temperature which is determined using a sample of the ore in a heap leaching simulation column. 10. A method according to claim 1 wherein the step of changing the at least one operating parameter is stopped when the temperature in the heap is above 65.degree. C. 11. A method according to claim 1 wherein the step of changing the at least one operating parameter is carried out while the temperature in the heap is in the range of 45.degree. C. to 60.degree. C. 12. A method according to claim 1 wherein, at a heap temperature which is in the range of 45.degree. C. to 60.degree. C., air flow to the heap is controlled so that the air flow does not cool the heap and carbon is added to the heap to enhance the activity of microbes that operate in this temperature range. 13. A method according to claim 12 wherein, at a temperature below 45.degree. C., the air flow rate to the heap is used for simultaneously controlling the addition of carbon to the heap, and for regulating the temperature of the heap. 14. A method according to claim 3 wherein the carbon dioxide content in the air stream supplied to the heap lies in the range of 0.03% to 5%. 15. A method according to claim 3 wherein the organic carbon is added at a concentration of 10-1000 mg l.sup.-1. 