A weather forecasting and navigation device for vehicles is provided that generates local or specific weather forecast information while generating its own power. In one example, the device may include an integrated wind turbine that is turned by the wind flow created by the vehicle's motion to generate power for the device. In alternative implementations, instead of a wind turbine to generate power, different methods of power generation may be used. The device may also include a built-in alarm system that senses when the vehicle is moved and triggers an audible alarm.
Claims 1. A mobile weather forecasting device for mounting to a vehicle, comprising: at least one sensor that measures one or more local weather characteristics; a processing circuit coupled to the at least one sensor, the processing circuit configured to generate a weather forecast based on the one or more local weather characteristics; and an output interface coupled to the processing circuit, the output interface providing the weather characteristics and the weather forecast; and an integrated regenerative power generation device for powering the at least one sensor, processing circuit, and output interface. 2. The device of claim 1 further comprising: an electronic compass that detects a direction in which the vehicle is heading and provides such direction to the processing circuit, wherein the processing circuit outputs the direction through the output interface. 3. The device of claim 1 further comprising: a device enclosure including a first chamber and a second chamber, wherein the first chamber is configured to house the at least one sensor, processing circuit, and output interface. 4. The device of claim 1, wherein the integrated regenerative power generation device converts the motion of the vehicle into electrical power, and further comprising: a rechargeable power storage device that stores electrical power from the regenerative power device to power the at least one sensor, processing circuit, and output interface. 5. The device of claim 4 wherein the integrated regenerative power generation device is a wind turbine that includes a fan that is positioned to turn due to air flow from the motion of the vehicle; and a generator coupled to the fan and configured to generate power when the fan turns, the generator providing such power to the rechargeable power storage device. 6. The device of claim 5 wherein the fan and generator are housed in the second chamber, the second chamber including an air input port and an air output port, the air input port directed toward the front of the vehicle. 7. The device of claim 6 wherein the second chamber includes a drain hole that allows fluid to drain from the second chamber. 8. The device of claim 4 wherein the integrated regenerative power generation device is at least one of a solar cell, a fuel cell, a temperature differential to voltage converter, a piezoelectric device, and a gravity self-winding device. 9. The device of claim 1 wherein the at least one sensor includes a barometric sensor and a humidity sensor. 10. The device of claim 9 wherein a change in barometric pressure is associated with a weather condition of the weather forecast. 11. The device of claim 9 wherein a change in humidity is associated with a weather condition of the weather forecast. 12. The device of claim 1 further comprising: an input interface that allows configuring the processing circuit. 13. The device of claim 1 wherein the vehicle is a motorcycle. 14. A weather forecasting device for mounting to a vehicle, comprising: at least one sensor that measures one or more local weather characteristics; a processing circuit coupled to the at least one sensor, the processing circuit configured to generate a weather forecast based on the one or more local weather characteristics; an output interface coupled to the processing circuit, the output interface providing the weather characteristics and the weather forecast; a rechargeable power storage device that powers the at least one sensor, processing circuit, and output interface; and an integrated power generation device including a fan that is positioned to turn due to air flow from the motion of the vehicle; and a generator coupled to the fan and configured to generate power when the fan turns, the generator providing such power to the rechargeable power storage device. 15. The device of claim 14 further comprising: a device enclosure including a first chamber and a second chamber, wherein the first chamber is configured to house the at least one sensor, processing circuit, and output interface, and the second chamber is configured to house the integrated power generation device. 16. The device of claim 15 wherein the second chamber includes an air input port and an air output port, the air input port directed toward the front of the vehicle. 17. The device of claim 14 further comprising: an electronic compass that detects a direction in which the vehicle is heading and provides such direction to the processing circuit, wherein the processing circuit outputs the direction through the output interface. 18. The device of claim 14 further comprising: an alarm device that when activated, senses motion of the vehicle and triggers an audible alarm. 19. A weather forecasting device for mounting to a vehicle, comprising: means for obtaining one or more local weather characteristics; means for generating a weather forecast based on the one or more local weather characteristics; means for providing the local weather characteristics and the weather forecast to a vehicle operator; and means for convening air flow from the motion of the vehicle to electrical power. 20. The device of claim 19 further comprising: means for obtaining navigation information for the vehicle. 